852	real	I feel like I’m going to have a breakdown soon(M 16) [End Title]: Where do I begin...? I’ll probably be making a few posts on here about things I want to get off my chest.  First of all the reason why this account is new is cause my friends found my other account and started talking smack about it( I don’t really care what they say, it was just pc stuff)  (I’m sorry if this is long and probably gonna get buried) I’m legit about to have a mental breakdown soon in my life, I’m so dead inside I don’t even know... everything is so overwhelming, I don’t even know where to start. Here it goes:   So I’m 16 male in high school turning 17 this year and i feel like aspects of my life are going to s**t.   Friends:  Ah so first of all I don’t have any “real friends” I don’t have a friendship group and I always feel left out when I stand by people. I can say I got one good friend who I dare say is my best friend cause I feel like he is in the same position but he is wayyy better looking than me. I got another close friend from primary school but he is a “popular” kid and always hangs out with them which I don’t mind cause we always chat. I’m not an antisocial kid, i talk with everyone in most of the friendship groups. Say there is the “cool kids”, the “Asian geek squad”, the “cool Asian squad”, “smart/sporty” and the “other guys”, I feel like I’m apart of no group and I HATE IT. I talk to all these people and are friends/acquaintances but I don’t feel apart of any group, I don’t get invited to any social events, not in any group chats and not in any inside jokes. I really feel so shitty in this high school honestly sometimes I wish I could move but I always tell myself it’s only 2 more years. I don’t even know it’s probably me I don’t put any commitment. The thing that probably bothers me the most is the group chats and invites to social events( I mean I could ask but like that’s...)   Social life outside of school: I GOT NONE. I have no social life, I don’t post on Instagram Snapchat Facebook don’t talk to my cousins which my brother often does, I don’t text people, i also tried to text a crush but that bombed( I’ll get to that later) I feel left out, I’m lonely, I regularly question my future and get mood swings when alone but I put that as life. I can’t text... people get bored of me and I don’t know what to say, I see people post all the fun stuff on Instagram and I get jealous sometimes. Main thing is i just want someone I can talk to and confine in.. :/  I think I’m just going to stop here since im in a dark place(bedroom with the lights off) &lt;—- I’m proud of that one :)  But honestly I feel really dead at times and I’ll probably post more about my romantic life and family life but AM I DEPRESSED? I’ll probably post more self confident issues I need to get off my chest   But for the one guy who reads this and also responds thanks cause I’m just so sad
836	real	I fucked up so bad and lost $240 in a scam. [End Title]: You know how you aren’t really yourself when you’re horny. Especially if you’re REALLY horny. Well. I was level 10/10 fucking horny so my dumbass decides I’m going to try to hire an escort.   The website I used insists you don’t use any online form of payment so I decide I’m going to use cash. I am prepared to pay cash when I text the so called escort and she (presumably she) says she no longer accepts cash because she’s had to many situations where men have just come in and raped her and not paid anything. I felt bad for her and went ahead and paid.  I’m sitting in front of the address she gave me and she says the payment hasn’t come through. It should have been so obvious to me now that I look back but I paid it a second time and she said she’d just refund me the other of it went through. Now I’m upset so because I’m no longer horny I have some mental clarity and I ask for a picture. She sends it to me I reverse image search it and low and behold it’s a picture that has existed on the internet for a while.  She tries getting me to fuck up a third time and send another $120 but I didn’t. I called her out and she cut of communication with me.  I just feel like shit for clearly more than one reason here. And I just have to act like everything is fine with me right now I’m front of my family.
280	real	My Bosses are Idiots. [End Title]: These two a special breed of idiots. The store manager is horrible with communication. He always makes assumptions that the employees should just know how things work. He does a poor job of training and even if you get any sort of training, it's by him showing you what to do for twenty minutes, and after that you're supposed to know how to do that task. He also has a very bad habit of assigning people very long and tedious tasks, stomps in not even half an hour later and barfs out his infamous phrase, "Are you done yet?" If you dare say you're not close to being finished, he rolls his eyes and makes a comment how you need to do better. His motivational skills are awful, too. Lastly, he forgets the most random things; conversations you had, or if an employee is working that day, etc. The funny part, he's good at managing the store.  My supervisor is more annoying than the store manager. Aside from the irritating micromanaging, she is horrible with giving instructions. If she assigns you tasks to do during your shift, she'll share parts of the instructions, wait until half way through your work, and explain the remaining details. Pretty much, she will spoon feed you important info as if she gets some sort of high out of it. It's annoying because it wastes my time and sometimes I'll have to redo my work. Another thing that is extremely frustrating, if you're given a project to do, she'll just hand you the papers, mumble some side notes, and tell you to get going. After making progress with the project, she'll linger around and then mutter a comment in the most snotty tone (so many times I wanted to smack her in the face) "Is there a reason why you're doing it that way?" Again, very vague instructions in the beginning and once she sees you're not doing something her way, she gets bratty. A new thing I started picking up on, if you enjoy doing a certain task and she realizes it, she will not assign you to do that task anymore.   I have been verbal to them about their communication skills needing major improvement. I even told the store manager to stop rolling his eyes. I'm sure both of them are very different outside of work and probably nicer people in their social clicks, but damn, they are not great at dealing with managing people. Those two can make an okay day go sour very quickly, I am thankful I like most of my co-workers.   I just needed to vent, those two get on my nerves very quickly.   Anyone else deal with idiot bosses? How do you handle them?
575	real	I spat in my teacher's coffee... [End Title]: I was real pissed at this teacher for shouting at me coz I didn't turn in an assignment. So, I just spat in her coffee in front of the whole class, while she was writing some shit on the board. F*CK YOU MRS. HOLLY!
208	real	I feel like I have betrayed a disabled woman and I can't sleep [End Title]: So the story is, I have taken over helping a disabled woman after her daughter went out of contact with her and moved away. I should say that her daughter has a lot of problems, taking money, lying to people, fighting with her mom. I've tried staying out of it because I don't want to make the problems worse because this woman is super, super sweet and pure and spiritual, really really loves her daughter since her daughter is like one of the only family members around and she has a lot of struggles of her own that don't mix with severe anxiety.  Today I was doing things around the house and before I left we went over the grocery list. She was telling me what she wanted and she told me she wanted this food bowl thing, which the local store compiles with leftovers from the buffet and sells as TV dinners. I asked her which one she wanted and she said she wanted the chicken pineapple bowl, that is really really really good and that her daughter always got for her for the night she didn't have dinner with church or women's club. since I've been there before and a lot of their chicken stuff is expensive, I knew what she was talking about, it's not a chicken bowl, but it's a **pork** and rice bowl. It also comes with free desserts which are gelato which often use **pork**. Now I asked this woman if she was going kosher and I tried to make it sound like an off hand question since she'd been talking about church earlier, and she ended up saying yes, and I really didn't know what to do because I don't want to tell her she couldn't have that rice bowl and I didn't want to tell her why she couldn't because it was going to really really make her feel really guilty for enjoying the bowls she's been eating every few days and I wasn't about to get between her and her daughter and make her feel betrayed, so I said, "Oh I'm sorry, those have pork in them." And I swear to God the color was about to drain from her face and I was terrified that I was going to watch that poor woman's holy soul to leave her eyes so I said "Yeah, they changed it, sorryy." And I also feel bad because looking back I feel like the way I said it was degrading or nuanced, kind of like how you would tell an employee or a child they couldn't have something. She didn't have a problem at all, more so disappointed that she couldn't have the meal and she went straight to talking about how she likes pineapples so if I could find something in pineapple to get that.   And after that I couldn't help it and I was kind of running my mouth saying I could get all these foods that sound good and suggesting things to her that might make her happy and things that I used to eat, I feel like I just really got overbearing there.  Did I betray?  I'm kind of scared of that even if this white lie was okay is going to lead to trying to trying to rationalize other things or find bad ways to undo a lot of stuff that her daughter did.
609	real	Programmed Affection [End Title]: Even if the people in my life won't love me, video games will. The NPCs will always be my friends and that's all I could ask for. I love the phantom thieves the most. They give me the will to live. Somebody will love me even if it's just their programming, even if I have to make up friends. Someone will love me and my happiness won't spoil theirs.
932	real	I have a strong urge to kill people for the littlest of reasons. [End Title]: I don’t know if this is common, but I do know that this is something I’ve dealt with for all 18 years of my life.   I have this urge to kill people for (most of the time) the way they look or what they do. I would usually visualize it in my head on how I would kill them. These plans often revolve around what bothers me the most about the person.   For example: there was this fat girl in my advisory (basically home room in high school but made of the same gender students) and just because she was fat, I wanted to tie her down to a desk, get a fillet knife, and fillet her fat then stuff it down her throat until she choked to death.   Another time, in college, I met this guy with big lips. The minute I saw them I just wanted to chop them off his face and let him bleed out.   And lastly, also at college, there was this girl I used to be friends with. She was having Mac and cheese and each time she’d take a bite, her teeth would clank against the spoon. It made me want to pull all her teeth out and then stick the spoon up her ***.   I never acted on these thoughts, but it does make me worry. I try not to be a mean person but these thoughts just occur in my head often.  (Edit: only 2 things that are stopping me. 1. The idea of prison. 2. I want to go to the Afterlife and meet my grandma who died when I was months old)
725	real	I get high just for the fun of it [End Title]: It might sound weird but I just like to get high and just game. It’s weird because you know like when you high you’re just more chill but for me it just get me focused and I just do to do:)
47	real	Drink enough water, then cry. It’s okay. [End Title]: Dear Me,  I just want you to know that you can still do this. Do not ever think life is unfair. Life is fair. You have been happy too, remember?  Pain is a part of life. Everything passes.   Do you remember the first time you moved out thinking you can’t do it?   Do you remember walking into that hospital alone for your major surgery? Thinking for a decade you can’t do it?   Your first flight?   How many darkest moments you were able to outshine these past years and still turned our aright?   You were really scared, feeling defeated, suffocated, but you were able to get pass through it. All because everything passes.   Whatever it is you’re feeling now, it shall pass too. I promise you. Don’t let your sorrows drown you. Fight it. You’re worth fighting for. Live. Please live. Stop punishing yourself. Live. You can do this. You’re a strong person.
985	real	No more humans [End Title]: I wish to have a dog and remove myself from any further human interactions.
337	real	Proclamation to my ex and myself [End Title]: For the last two and a half months I have spent my nights desperately trying to sleep with sleeping aids, only to wake up in panic attacks multiple times a night. For the last almost month I have lost myself near entirely due to you suddenly blocking me after it felt like we were connecting on a deeper level.  You told me you thought about getting back together every day, but you "needed" your therapists approval, your family and friends to approve. For even us to be friends. You're 26, what sense does this make? Our relationship was dysfunctional at times, yet you began telling them lies about abuse didn't you? Just like you told our boss and got me fired, yet you claim you did no such thing.  You claim the ex you always brought up over the 5 years we were together wasn't sexually abusive suddenly when I asked why your family and friends didn't hate him. I remember in detail your horrible stories about what he supposedly did to you, yet you're going to tell me I'm lying. How about the fact that the day before you left, you pointed out while watching Hamilton with my sister that one of the actors resembled your ex? I'm a fool for not realizing the red flags were so large.  5 years I devoted to you, I lived with you, I cooked for you, cleaned for you, I took care of you. I went homeless for you when you abruptly left DE to go to another state, just after I got a nice promotion and we were set up well. I financed 2 cars for you, one of which you're still enjoying, I went into massive debt to ensure we would be okay when you went jobless for nearly 2 years and I never batted an eye.  I loved you more than my vocabulary could express.  I lived for you.  I would've died for you.  Yet one of the first texts you gave me when we started texting on June 10th was how you found comfort in knowing you gave me "new trauma to pour into my writing" and how it gave you a "little giggle" for the first time since you left me.  You never did love me did you? I was always just the "easy" option. I made you feel comfortable so you took it. When you got sick and bored of it you left. That's what actually happened isn't it?  I promised you I would hear you if you ever reached out MJ and I would still do so as I'm a man of my word.  But if you ever wanted to try to be friends, you would have to jump through hoops that would make Daredevil blush. You have no idea how much you hurt me and for the first time in two months of feeling nothing, but sorrow. I finally feel anger.  Anger at myself for allowing you to do this to me. Anger for wasting so much love on someone so selfish and now I'm forced to deal with this fallout, forced to be left with the 3 kittens we adopted together, forced to heal deeply, to now have fears of ever being with a woman again.  You broke my heart, my mind, and almost my very soul.  But no more.  And Never. Again.  You lost me. I did not lose you. You lost a future I was so excited for. May karma and whatever fates there may be, have mercy on you.
581	real	Mom, I am not an attention seeker [End Title]: Sorry for posting here, I guess  I just want the credit of the things I do, not attention, understand the difference  Mom, do you remember 2018 Diwali, when I was carrying around grandpa for the whole day, but then cousin came in and took him. Yeah, so, no, I am not supposed too be happy that he took hin aay from me. Yeah, I am happy, but now, for just carrying him for a minute, he gets the credit for the entire day, I just want that credit. The uncle gave a look to me saying that he is my grandpa too, so, I should be helping too, but actually that's not the case.  And no, uncle, people here don't just forget their parents and grandparents. We live in I N D I A where people still live with their parents for their entire lives.  So, please people give me at least some credit.   I am not saying that I do everything, but still, give me some.  Yeah, and this is the reason that I don't do any good stuff wjen people aren't seeing, because the only thing I care about is recognition, but still, the one I think I deserve  Edit: Now that I wrote what I wrote, I think, I actually might be an attention seeker, so, sorry
155	real	I miss the initial attraction in my relationship. [End Title]: I love my partner so much and they treat me so well. I feel really selfish admitting it but I really miss that attraction that comes in the early days of a relationship. I miss feeling wanted in that way. I don't expect it all of the time but as time goes on it becomes less and less. I have a naturally high libido that doesn't match my partner but we rarely have a productive conversation about it. There seems to be so many reasons to not be intimate. I find myself getting very sad about it, this is the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. We get on so well and we're so compatible. I just find the lack of passion very difficult to reconcile. I don't know what to do.  Edit: I'm a woman, partner is a man just incase anyone was confused.
692	real	Cutting my toxic sister out. [End Title]: There’s too much history to write. I love you and you know I do. We were so close and I’ll always cherish you and miss you. But you’re abusive and through the many years of dealing with it and defending you when I know I shouldn’t have, had taken its toll on me. I feel it’s in my best interest to step away.  I refuse to be your punching bag and your victim. I refuse to let societies views of “being there for family not matter what.” dictate what kind of maltreatment I allow myself to experience. It’s not fair and I’m sick of people telling me I have to tolerate it. I care about you but you don’t treat me like you care about me. I hope you get better and we can be close again, but right now I can’t let you treat me with such utter disrespect and disregard for my well being.  I feel guilty, alienated, exhausted and so very angry. It’s very hard to feel bad for cutting you out. So goodbye for now. I hope we can meet in better circumstances in the future.
862	real	I've found bugs and hair in the food at two different restaurants and never reported it [End Title]: The first time was late at night at a hotel restaurant where I found what looked like two short hairs on my pickles on the side of a hamburger. It was gross but it was 15 minutes before the hotel restaurant closed and I didn't want to make a scene in front of my boyfriend and his parents or bother the chef who probably just wanted to go home. The second time I found a tiny fly and some other tiny bug looking debris on Japanese Mochi takeout - I just wanted dessert and didn't want the restaurant to get blasted over what was probably just a little processing mistake. I feel kind of bad because this could have happened again to someone else and I could have done something about it.
790	real	Every part of me loves every part of him. [End Title]: I (27f) love my boyfriend (35m) with everything that I have.   You know that passing surge of love you might have from time to time? With him, it is a constant feeling.  I have loved in the past, but not like this. I didn’t know that I was capable of loving this much and this deeply, without reservation. I love his eyes, his smile, his heart. He is so patient, calm, respectful and kind. So unconditionally supportive and loving. To me, he is the sexiest, most handsome creature ever made. Just thinking about him melts my insides. Every day, I think of ways to show him just how deeply I love him, but nothing ever feels sufficient. Maybe it’s silly, most likely is: one should not be this vulnerable with someone. I certainly was not planning on it. He is my best friend, lover, and my parter in every crime. Time spent with him washes all the worries away. The best part of my day is when he comes home. As soon as I hear the door, I run up and jump on him, giving him that long kiss I’ve been brewing all day. It is sappy, I know, but I just wanted to tell someone. Just having had an opportunity to experience this makes the rest of life something that was worth it. Anywho. Thanks for reading.
572	fake	Help [End Title]: I want my gf to help me fuck my female cuzzin any tips on how to spark this
241	real	To all those wondering why Amazon's delivery service is so terrible. [End Title]: There are multiple things going on here, but the main issue (I used to work for Amazon as a driver) is because they treat the drivers barely better than the warehouse workers, and I'm sure you've heard those stories. Working 12-14 hour days at barely liveable wages wasn't unusual and sometimes I would get upwards of 350-400 packages to be delivered in one shift. You have to maintain an hourly delivery average or you can be written up.   The reason the delivery success rate is so low is because of how the companies system works. You're given a company phone-like device and have to scan/photograph all packages as they're delivered. If you don't have access to a apartment building, business, or the customer doesn't answer their door in an open air (doors to apts or business on the outside) complex the location is considered "not safe". You're given contact information for the customer and can sometimes leave packages at an office or mailroom or meet the customer, but *company policy* can get you in big trouble if you leave packages in "unsafe locations".  On top of this, the GPS and delivery directions you're provided with are equally terrible. I once had around 40 packages to deliver to a college campus. The mailroom could only accept UPS or USPS so that left me with no option but to track down each of the customers in their offices and different buildings around a campus I didn't know. I spent 4 hours delivering 20 packages and campus closed before I could finish. I was written up for that shift. The routes arent at all logical either. You deliver in the order the packages were ordered, so often I would have deliveries behind the current stop or have to bounce back and forth to different parts of the same neighborhood for individual deliveries.   Amazon sub contracts all the work to local DSP's (Delivery Service Providers) who are incentivized to take on more routes per day, so the vetting process for quality hires is abysmal for most these small companies. As long as you don't have any felonies, have a fairly clean driving record and can pass a non supervised drug test you've got a job. This paired with the heavy stress for the drivers makes some negligent i.e. leaving packages at wrong addresses or throwing them. Or even lazy- just marking packages as undeliverable to help their average or get the day done faster. Hiring quality employees and treating them fairly makes a difference.   The kicker is if you are efficient and do your job well, the corporate system just gives you MORE stops on your next route as they figure you have time for it. I got close to 450 packages per route at one point. Granted sometimes you have multiple packages per stop sometimes, but it averages out to about 3/4 # of stops to # of packages.  Shits nuts man. I was getting paid $15/hr and was promised a 4 day work week. That certainly didn't happen and I was slugging out 5 or 6 days at 12 hours with commutes. Amazon isn't the best at logistics and how they treat their workers. That being said, the workers are railing against a terrible system and company policy. Blame the company, not the individual.
992	real	My best friend was murdered and I'm thinking of leaving my fiance over how he reacted to it [End Title]: I'm on mobile so I'm sorry for any errors. I'm still very upset and angry at my fiancé and I'm really thinking of packing my things and leaving him over this. Someone from my post on relationships suggestions I post here as well  For some background, I moved to a new state when I was 6 and became friends with a girl in my grade. We were best friends ever since. She got married right out of high school and I was her maid of honor. When my mom passed away, she flew in from California to be there for her funeral. Her husband and her mover to a different state less than a month after they got married and even though we couldn't see each other as much as we used to, we still kept in touch every other way. She was my best friend  I never liked her husband. He was a friend of her dad's and he always creeped me out. She would tell me about the weird things he liked and wanted her to do and how he would get angry if she didn't do those things. I was worried for her after she told me he choked her out because she burned dinner. I begged her to come back home. But she didn't want to. She was pregnant and didn't want to take her husband's baby away from him. She was in an abusive relationship and I tried everything I could to get her out of it. Last Friday , her husband killed her. She was 11 weeks pregnant. I don't know the full details of her death (her parents refuse to talk to me about it ) but he ended up killing himself after he realized what he had done.  My fiancé and I have been together for 2 years and have been engaged for a little over 6 mos. We moved in together soon after he proposed. We moved to a very high COL area and he makes a lot more money thanI do. I never complained because fair is fair and I didn't want him ro feel like I was taking advantage of him or anything like rhat. Sometimes I'm left struggling during the month but it's never much  When I found out about my friend'spassing, I was devastated. My best friend since 1st grade was gone. The person who was going to be my maid of honor and had gotten married on my birthday and jokes about naming her baby after me was gone. I ended up leaving work early that day because I couldn't keep myself composed. My boss was understanding and let me leave  My fiancés reaction was "well that sucks" He didn't seem to care that my best friend was gone. That her shit stain of a husband killed her and I pretty much lost a sister. I started making plans to go to California so,I could be there and say my goodbyes. I asked my fiancé if he could help me with things. He just sat there and continued to stare at his phone. I ended up getting angry and told him t get off his ass and help me with something  He went on to say there was no way,he was taking off work to go to a "dumb asses's funeral' he started sprouting off about how it was her own fault because she put herself in that situation and 'if she was dumb enough to put herself In that situation, she probably deserved whay she got'  I flipped out. Im not proud of what I did. I completely lost ir. I started yelling at him, calling him names aND asked him to leave our house. He wasn't being any help and him just saying those awful things only hurt me more.  Called up my boss and he was cool enough to let me get a few days off. But he wouldn't give me an advance on my paycheck so I could go to her funeral. I asked my fiancé again if he would be willing to help me with everything so I could say goodbye. He said no, thay he wasn't wasting his money and I shouldn't be wasting my time  I'm really angry at him. I'm considering leaving him over this. I don't think what he said could be forgiven aND him refusing to help me in any way only added insult to injury. I'm thinking of taking out a payday loan to cover the rest of the plane costs that he refuses to help with ne.  I thought being in a relationship meant to help and support your partner in their time of need. He obviously didn't get the memo. I don't think this relationship is worth saving but I don't know. Maybe im overreacting and freaking out too muxh
788	real	I am so disappointed with people and I especially hate myself. [End Title]: I (M19) believed that I just have unrealistic expectations toward others, which is not a healthy lifestyle but I can’t help.  I do not know anyone who’s real, older and alive that I actually respect. I thought that my lack of education is the reason, so I went to university and I disappointed again: most of older professionals are just average intelligent people. Older students are still kids. The people in “higher positions” do not behave in a wiser manner. I was ashamed to think about it, because I don’t have the right to call others “average intelligent people”. I am much more stupid and naive.   For some reasons I don’t love my family but they care about me a lot. I feel guilty about it because I will never care about them enough. My cousin (who is like a daughter to my mother) has a tumour in her brain and I am afraid of her death hysterically — actually, I am afraid that I will not feel sorry my family.   I had friends. However, At some point I could not talk with them anymore for no reason. I just shut up and I did not feel good to stay with them. I had crush on someone then I stop thinking about her when we communicated frequently. I realized that I don’t actually like her; I did that for my desire to “feel attracted by someone else”. Yes, I am ashamed of my behaviour.  And I am the most terrible person in my life. I could not follow my personal ethics completely. Sometimes I feel that I should commit suicide because 1)I am such a disgustingly salty person, 2)people just keep disappointing me. I moved between different countries in most of my life and I am disappointed more. I didn’t find there is any difference between people.  That’s all. If you actually read all of these, thanks for your time. If you feel like that I am a dumb and spoiled brat with no real life experience— well, I guess you’re not wrong. Forgive me for that.
980	real	He doesn’t gives me enough attention. [End Title]: I don’t feel noticed and acknowledged by him sometimes it will come in waves for him. Sometimes he’ll say I love you back before we go to sleep, sometimes he won’t even say goodnight, sometimes I can hang out with him for hours without him losing his interest and other times when he finds new people to hang out when even when it’s just a joke he’ll say shit like “I gotta hang out with more interesting people rn”   All day today he just shrugged all of my emotions off when I needed it the most. And fuck my bastard of a father who has called me at least four times in the pass month to ask me about work and school and mental health but at no point did he ever stop to mention “hey the family dog has been death for a month” that fucking asshole. I had to find out today, that the dog I raised died a month ago and I was probably just doing math homework during their last breath.
498	real	As of a couple weeks ago I [25M] have fallen madly in love with a close friend of several years [27F]... and I just need to get some of these thoughts about us out of my head. [End Title]: There's a lot of complicated backstory here.  Let's call her "Emmaline." Emmaline went to school in the town next to mine. We've been friends for 4.5 years, but we've known of each other for much, much longer than that. Starting in high school, she had an 8-year-long relationship with a guy from my town, who shared many mutual friends with me. They broke up 4 years ago last month, for good, because he's an abusive, manipulative, toxic, piece of flaming garbage. A close friend of hers growing up also from her town, also dated a friend of mine, from my town. They had a son. That friend of mine's younger sister, also dated a boy from Emmaline's town, and they had two daughters together. Point is, there was lots of crossover, and I can't be certain when exactly we first really both had a concept of one another as just "friends of friends." Pretty much those entire 8 years, it could've been at any time in there.  Bit of backstory with me... I have a long, long history of having a... let's just call it a not-so-great relationship with romance. My childhood was shitty, and I think that contributed a great deal for a long time to my mind developing a sort of mentality where, there's some stuff that if you just get that stuff, it'll fix all your problems. A significant other is probably chief among that. Growing up, I had an extremely idealized concept of a girlfriend (I'm straight) and having one. I know now it's a lot of work -- it's a labor of love, but it's not just flipping a switch and that's it -- but that's rationally. Emotionally, I still have a tendency to slip back into my old patterns. That's an area of growth I'm desperately failing to unlock. I'm starting to work on it with my therapist, but, at the moment, that's where I'm at: Emotionally, I have a lot of things that happen in me (LIKE THE SUBJECT OF THIS THREAD!!!) that I can't fully control yet, and that I rationally know... are really bad for me.  ON THAT NOTE... I said, "I can't be certain when exactly we first really both had a concept of one another," but... there's a bit of an asterisk on that. I'm aware of how this sounds, it sounds creepy as fuck, but, just take solace in the fact that I'm aware of that. Also in the fact that I was... 14? At most. AT MOST.  I first met Emmaline's abusive ex-boyfriend right around when they started dating, probably in 2009 or 2010, through the first of many mutual friends I'd discover we had. After meeting him, I looked him up on Facebook, saw he was in a relationship, horny me being horny and curious me being curious, I clicked to see Emmaline's profile. My first thought when I saw her profile photo, was, I shit you not, "That's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen; I'm gonna marry her someday."  Yep.  Granted I said that about a lot of women in moments of bipolar mania and in general before I wanted to face the fact that it's really unhealthy, but Emmaline was the first. I distinctly remember going back to her FB profile every so often for some years after the fact just to look at her pictures again.  Fast forward to... 2017, 4.5 years ago, by which point it'd definitely been some years since I'd last peeped her FB profile, but by which point we also both definitely were vaguely aware of each other at minimum socially, from all the mutual connections. Her aforementioned close friend (who had a son with a friend of mine) posted some dumb shit on FB (neither Emmaline nor I remember what), and both she and I commented calling her out on it and pushing back on it. Reading my comments made Emmaline decide she liked me as a person and she decided for the both of us that we were going to be friends, lol.  I was keenly aware of who she was and of that past history of mine with her and prettttttty quickly I felt a RUSH of a massive crush on her. We developed a fast friendship, 100% over social media and texting apps. We got to know each other well, but also... never seemed able to coordinate an in-person hangout. A few months after we started talking, Emmaline broke up with her abusive boyfriend for the final time. And only a couple months after that, she started dating her current boyfriend, who I guess we'll call Carson. Carson is a legitimately great dude, no complaints from me as a friend of hers who wants nothing but the best for her.  When she and Carson got together, I was able to completely make my feelings for her go away. Which was new for me, and I was very proud of it. It came from knowing I had to respect their relationship, and knowing I had to respect her, and knowing she was a genuinely excellent person and by that point honestly great friend who I really respected and admired and wanted to keep in my life for reasons entirely separate from my crush on her, and just kind of navigating all that, I was able to see her as just a friend from then on. Which was huge for me. Eventually we did get around to lining up in-person hangouts, and that continued, and we're at the point now, today, where we're really close. We love each other, platonically. We say it all the time. We check in on one another. We value one another's input and intelligence and all of that. We come to one another for advice and counsel. etc. We have a lot of the same views on things, and we get along brilliantly. Our senses of humor complement each other well. So on and so forth.  Until... a couple of weeks ago. When all my romantic affection for her came rushing back. And, disappointingly... because she told me she and Carson were having some serious troubles. That's all it took. She said they've been struggling lately and that she was about to talk to him to go on a break, so they could focus on themselves more for a little while. She was frustrated that she has been investing immensely in herself, but he hasn't been. A few days after she told me, she and Carson got together and indeed that went down. They're not broken up, but they are on a pause, or break.  But my dumb ass heard that and immediately... I mean it was insane. It was like time slowed, and I felt the shift inside of me, and I immediately knew what it was, and all I could think was, "uh-oh."  And since then my mind won't stop racing with a monsoon of thoughts about loving her and wanting a future together and how the both of us would be the most amazing couple and how she and Carson aren't actually that great a match and all of that. And it's hitting the point where I've cornered myself into nearly believing that Emmaline and I getting together is inevitable.  And that's what I need to get out of my head. I'm hoping that maybe by putting all this shit here... my mind'll quiet down a bit.  Carson and Emmaline have very little in common. They are both great people with huge hearts and immense goodness in them. They're both respectful and loving and caring and all of that. But... beyond that, there's little. They like some of the same TV shows and movies and will enjoy those together, but... I don't think there's much they share beyond that. Simultaneously, he's also pretty aimless in life. He's not ambitious. He's depressed, but he's also not moving or doing almost anything to change that. Also, and I don't say this to be mean -- Carson literally admits it himself -- he's dumb. He can't hold a conversation. When he does, it's not very stimulating. There's not much he knows about. And he smokes SO much weed. It's definitely shot his brain a bit. That's not just me saying that, Emmaline says it, and even he's said it a bit. Carson has no idea what he wants to do in life, barely knows what he likes or is interested in beyond video games and weed. He's trying to build a streaming career on Twitch but it's been months and he hasn't put anything into building it out. I have another friend who started Twitch streaming *as a hobby* (he's a teacher) right at the same time Carson did, and they're worlds apart. My friend has a consistent schedule, a Discord server, regulars, custom emojis, he's known in the communities of the games he plays. Carson? None of that, he only plays games with his real-life non-streamer friends, no networking, and most of his streams go by with 0-2 viewers. And his viewers are all people he personally knows, his friends. Carson's also introverted, but to a fault. Essentially he's just stagnated in his life... in many many aspects.  Emmaline... she has a sense of interior design. She knows what she likes. She's clean. She has tastes in video games, in tv shows, in movies, in books -- she reads. She has an outdoorsy side and likes to hike and go camping. She's incredibly smart, passionate, and driven. Emmaline could hold a conversation for years if a situation demanded it. She loves fashion. She models for fun, she'll pay photographers for photoshoots -- just as a hobby, for herself, because she likes to do it. She's creative. She likes to paint, write poetry, draw, and take photos. She has massive emotional intelligence. She's been through a lot of horrible shit; On top of an 8-year-long abusive relationship (that dude nearly killed her... twice!), she's a rape survivor, and her father is a functioning methamphetamine addict (it's a thing, I've met the man, great dude, but every 3 months like clockwork he goes off and gets high). She's funny as hell, she has spunk, she can tease and "dish it out" and also take it at a masterful level. She has strong convictions and firm beliefs and a very strong moral code. She knows what she believes and why she believes it and is always looking to challenge herself and always open to, if shown to be necessary, adapt and change and grow.  I'll be honest I've never really understood Carson and Emmaline's relationship, and they've been together for 4 years now, but I always respected it and was able to just let it be. Suddenly, with this fucking monsoon of love for and interest in her, I'm seeing all this shit.  And then there's me. I'm organized, I have my own tastes. I know what I like. I'm clean. I have tastes in video games, tv shows, movies, and books -- lots of them very very similar to hers. I grew up with an extremely outdoorsy uncle (buddy here is married without children and a few Januaries ago just fucked off with his wife to Alaska... for a month... *for fun*) and love hiking, going camping, boating, etc. I'm very smart, I'm passionate, and I'm driven. I can hold a conversation like there's no tomorrow. I have... a fashion sense. Extremely narrow and acute, but it's very much definitely a thing. I love photography, I'd love to model just for fun, never done it but I love the idea of it. I'm creative as fuck. I like to write, take photos, tell stories, imagine, etc. I have a great deal of emotional intelligence. I've been through a lot of horrible shit myself that she understands. I understand her horrible shit too. I'm funny as hell, have spunk, I can tease and "dish it out" and also take it. I have strong convictions and core beliefs and principles and philosophies about life and the world, and ours line up almost perfectly. I'm constantly looking to challenge myself as well.  I've also met her family and get along swimmingly with them. She's met... little of my family, but I'm a person who knows people really really well, and, I know she'd get along swimmingly with most of my family (my family's huge, so, more potential for conflict there hahaha).  We're both direct communicators. Effective communicators. Emmaline and I have a shitton of fun together, we enjoy one another's company so much. We can tease each other and talk seriously about all kinds of personal and intimate, and also difficult, challenging, and controversial, topics. We respect one another. We know what the other needs. We both are cultured and curious and love to travel -- and even both have family far away, to give us reason to travel and exposure to different cultures and peoples and areas.  There's just a whole world of sense that I feel we make. We make a goddamn universe of sense.  And I keep picturing all this romantic stuff together now. The first time we tell each other our feelings for the other... going on dates... traveling together... I keep picturing introducing her as my girlfriend to people. I picture us having picnic dates. I picture us hiking together. I picture taking her to some of the places I've hiked. I picture asking her to show me and share with me her favorite shows, and watching them together. All day, every hour of the day, unless I can occupy my mind with something else. And worst of all when I'm trying to sleep, because that's not a time I can occupy my mind with something else.  I picture myself holding her... or cuddling. Just that, I sit there and visualize it. Visualize our bodies together, sharing our warmth. I picture us having the conversations couples have as they progress. I picture us having children someday, announcing it to our families. I picture myself asking for her parents' blessing (*blessing*, not permission, key difference there) to ask her to marry me. And my own parents' blessing. I picture us just smiling together.  I picture the first time we kiss, and my favorite thing in the entire world happens: Lips pressed against one another, we smile from the happiness of the moment, and feel each other's grin extending, from having our lips pressed together.  I picture us buying and decorating a house together.  I can go on and on, but just. I feel hopelessly, irretrievably, madly, in love with Emmaline. And she's not even single. Maybe she and Carson will wind up breaking up... I can't tell if it's my emotional side thinking that they just might, or my rational one thinking it just makes sense and they're too different... but she said once that she's been attracted to extremely few people in her whole life, and that she doesn't really know what it is about a person that makes them attractive to her, but that she knows it instantly upon meeting them. I can't help but feel there's no chance of any of this, simply because she won't feel for me the way I do for her. And that's valid and I'll deal with it, but it's gonna suck when it probably happens. 'Cuz holy fuck... would we be an absolutely magnificent pair. I'm not gonna say we're perfect for each other but DAMN does it feel like we're definitely close enough to it that it'd be worth the trouble and easy to do. There's definitely a handful of things where our compatibility could be questionable, but again it's just the kind of small-fry feel where it wouldn't matter in the long run and we could make it work.  I know more or less how I'm going to proceed with all this. I don't need advice, I like the plan(s) I have. I just... I don't know. I just need to get some of this out, shout it or tell people. I've spent an unhealthy amount of time in the last few days staring at our most recent photo together and at the most recent time we texted, she ended the chat with "Love you" and a heart (I hadn't even said it she just appreciated me checking in on how she's doing) and I just can't do what's good for me and not stare at it because hoooooly shit does it dial up the racing thoughts to 11. Also it's against the sub rules so I won't, not to mention it's a bad idea for me lmao and just wouldn't want to dox us anyways, but y'all have no idea how much I want to post this with a photo of us, or at least of Emmaline. It's just that want to shout from the rooftops about how magical and amazing a person is.
107	real	I'm slowly, obsessively destroying my teeth and I can't stop [End Title]: I have always had a biting habit. When I was little, it was my fingernails. I would bite them bloody, chew and eat the skin around the edges of my fingertips. It was an ugly habit. I forced myself out of the habit by *cleaning* my nails instead... and biting my lips. I would peel the skin with my teeth when it was dry, leaving sensitive or bleeding strips behind. I was self-conscious about the tiny marks, so I started chewing the inside corners of my lips. Then the full inside of the lip. I made cancer sores, and enjoyed popping those, too. Then my cheeks. This stage lasted for years. I developed a line of puffy scar tissue from front to back, and I would bite it off to make my cheeks "smooth" again. I liked the pain of it, which was small and quick. And I liked the fact that no one could see it. Until I started contorting my mouth to do so.    I tried lots of habit correcting approaches to stop it. Chewing gum (I'd bite around it). Snapping my wrist with a rubber band. This worked for a while, but the habit returned. I tried it again but it didn't work, in part because it was difficult to keep up around others. Deep breathing, mindfulness, nothing quite worked.  Now it is my teeth. I still bite my cheeks occasionally, but my teeth have become a near-constant obsession. At first it felt good to slide them against each other, and it seemed harmless. I was startled one day wen it felt like a little sliver chipped off. I checked the mirror, and didn't see a difference. The sliver feeling happened again and again, and quickly stopped bothering me. Checking my teeth in the mirror became a part of the cycle. At one point I tried cognitive behavioral therapy, which has helped me manage some of the anxiety that feeds into the habit, but I can't seem to stop. I am convinced I feel the difference in my teeth (and certainly the jaw tension and clenching are obvious), but the dentists I've seen all say my teeth are in great shape. I have not ground through the enamel, apparently. And, perhaps thanks to my other dental care habits (brushing twice a day, flossing, mouth wash, etc.) they are not sensitive beyond jaw tension.    But the obsession remains. My tongue is constantly probing, checking for damage I've done, increasing the muscle tension. I wear a retainer every night and a bite guard often during the day. My mind is always turning to it and checking with my tongue, or telling myself to relax, or that I'm getting better or worse at controlling it, wondering at what will finally make me stop (when a tooth breaks?), wondering how much it will cost if I do some major damage... I have brought my concerns up to several doctors (therapist, CBT, several dentists), but I haven't found a solution. It does seem to be more of a mental than physical issue (mind over matter). But I'm at my wit's end. I want to stop, I need to stop, but I can't see myself out of this.
767	real	Bad dreams [End Title]: About a year ago I would take anxiety medication but stopped after a string of dreams where I’d take all my pills at once trying to OD on them and end myself. When I’d wake up I’d be scared and it was a big reason why I stopped taking the pills because I thought it was my subconscious predicting what I might do.
839	fake	Is it wrong to jerk off to my fiancé's friends? [End Title]: I find myself doing it all the time but it feels so wrong. Just curious what people on here think.
931	real	i made my parents waste upwards of 3k [End Title]: ever since january, i had been begging my parents to do online school for multiple reasons. social anxiety, and some health issues. they were pretty reluctant at first but once covid hit and they saw how well i did when my public school had us do only online, they agreed to it so i wouldn’t get shoved back into physical school when covid passed. i have recently started the online school curriculum. it is dog shit. so many fucking spelling errors and little crap like that. i haven’t had one math lesson. it’s literally all been premade problems that the math teacher didn’t even right.   he didn’t even teach us any of it either, we are just expected to know how to do them. we have little assignments every day that are graded out of five so if i get two questions wrong i’m screwed. the information we are learning is pretty irrelevant to what the courses are supposed to be about. my grades are already shit and i can’t afford for my gpa to drop because i am a junior. i literally feel nauseous all the time because of school. i am afraid to tell my parents that i want to go back to public school.  the tuition for this shitty online school is nonrefundable. what really pisses me off is i did the research and the place almost had nothing but positive reviews. probably a ton of fucking bots sent out by the school. sometimes i’ll vomit from the stress and i get seizure auras. i was so miserable at my public school too so i’m afraid my parents won’t let me go back to that. but at least i could succeed academically there. i feel so fucking guilty that i begged them to do this for me and literally not even two weeks in i’m already mentally done with it.  tldr i’m a piece of shit who made their parents waste 3k on an online school that is pretty much a scam, thinking it would be good for my mental health.
300	real	Had my first near death experience, still shocked... [End Title]: Just had an absolutely terrifying near death experience.  I went in for a cortisone shot, but the doctor wasn't trained in finger joint injections- so she suggested a different shot, something systemic for inflammation: methylprednisolone  sodium succinate.  I've never had any reactions and don't have any allergies so I said sure, not thinking anything of it.  The nurse came in and gave me the shot and told me to walk around for a bit to get it through my system. Within a minute, a really hard to describe sensation came over me. It was like a deep dizziness and I was losing control of my whole body, and everything was shutting down. My hearing went away and my vision was like a thick opaque film. The nurse had left, and so I barely got the door open and tried to ask for help, but just collapsed on the floor. I couldn't feel my heart beating. I felt light ane heavy at the same time. It was like my body had just had the plug pulled.  I went into a really weird limbo state where I had weird "dreams" or "visions", I'm not sure how to describe it.   I slowly came to, and it was really slow. I dry heaved a lot and was just drenched in sweat. They were taking my vitals; my blood pressure, blood oxygen, and heart rate were so low.  I was so cold, shivering, covered in goosebumps, and the doctor was trying to warm my hands up so they could take my oxygen/pulse. The nurse wrapped me in a blanket. I still couldn't hear and my vision was all fogged up.   Thank god my mom was there. The doctor went out and got her from the waiting room and she helped monitor me while I weirdly recovered. I am so, so glad she was able to take me to that appointment and be there with me. She said I had turned a weird grey color.  It's a good thing I'm in shape, I probably wouldn't have made it out of whatever kind of reaction that was. That was just so hard to describe, so terrifying, and surreal.   I'm home now, and feel okay. Just really tired and still so sick to my stomach.   I've been feeling so weird since this happened this morning. Just everything feels really surreal.   Has this happened to anyone else? Or a similar experience?
386	real	Had sex with 3 different girls who all had a boyfriend in the span of 2 drunk night and I can't tell anyone I know about it [End Title]: Here's what happened.  It all started with an agreement with my best friend to do no-fap for 2 weeks because we had a massive event planned for the past weekend and we wanted to make sure we were gassed up on testosterone so we could fully "enjoy" ourselves. In that time span I only relieved myself once after a night at a bar the weekend before.  &amp;#x200B;  So, the weekend finally comes and were both beaming with energy, unsolicitedly and constantly being told we were lighting up the room. We throw a party in our hotel room with our other friends and our mission begins. At the beginning I'm solely just enjoying myself and the night making tons of good memories. At some point my unconscious need for a mate started to kick in so I decided to take action.     I'm not exaggerating when I say 5/6 girls I flirted with that night had boyfriends. At a certain point my morals were beginning to dissolve and testosterone was taking over. So the 6th girl, a cute asian girl who flew in for the event, came to the party with one other girl friend and also said she had a boyfriend but was clearly flirting with me anyway. It didn't take me too much to figure what she was here for and my bodily desires took over. We lowkey left, went back to her hotel room and had sex till we both passed out. Also, her roommate came back with somebody as well and walked in on us, but we all just laughed about it at the time. We talked very awkwardly in the morning when we both woke up, got her instagram and I split.     Her excuse was her boyfriend back home doesn't fulfill her needs, he's too passive, only plays video games and works, etc. Which isn't really an excuse at all... but I was pretty hungover and just wanted to leave. As far as my friends know that night I slept with someone who was single. Fast forward to the next night, I'm not drinking as much, I'm trying to pace myself better until.... some girl vomited all over our bathroom, my dad instincts kicked in and I immediately sobered up and cleaned it up without bringing too much attention to it. Apparently, 5 minutes after she left with a guy to go have sex. I was pissed off cause she not only didn't apologize but she didn't thank me for cleaning it up either. I cleaned myself up and started pouring booze down my throat to try and get me more drunk again.  &amp;#x200B;  (Side Note: The girl who vomited also had a boyfriend and slept with another dude)     So I got drunk again, everyone is waiting for me at this point to go to a different party. Enter candidate 2, a friend from our circle who I was drinking with platonically both nights and I genuinely think is a really cool person. Somehow admits trying to finish our beers before we got too out in public we got separated from everyone and pulled else where. When we finally got to the party we were supposed to be at, we couldn't find anyone we were with, they disappeared so it was just me and her. We hung out with some other people i recognized for a while and set out to find them again. We ended up in some quiet sort of parking lot somehow. Tensions were high, we started making out and it happened. But before it happened she mentioned again that she was in a poly relationship and she went to text her boyfriend but said 'screw it'. This one's walking a weird line cause I knew she was poly but the fact that she didn't tell her boyfriend made me feel like I was cheating. After finishing up we started walking to my hotel room and ran into a couple. I was still really drunk and the night was early so I invited them back to our hotel room for drinks after chatting with them for a bit cause they seemed like cool people.  &amp;#x200B;  I forget how it was brought up but somehow the girlfriend just openly admit in front of her boyfriend that she wanted to have sex with me. This was a foursome waiting to happen.  &amp;#x200B;  Honestly, at this point if you said you didn't believe me I wouldn't blame you.  &amp;#x200B;  My poly friend disappeared so it was just us 3 and I really thought about backing out but at this point, I was feeling extremely chaotic and let it happen. I don't know how but my almost all my friends found us and this was the only one they knew about. So they walked in while I was inside of her and I began to freak out and try to damage control. Kinda killed the moment so i just left them to it and went back to the room and fell asleep.     That's pretty much it. Just had to get it off my chest whether you believe me or not. I feel really guilty about all 3 for different reasons but I'm glad I could write it out. If the story seems ambigous and not detailed enough that's cause I don't want anyone from that night to read this and recognize specific details. Sorry.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks for reading.
490	real	My therapist left, and I STILL haven’t gotten over it. [End Title]: I (28F) have pretty much wasted my life since high school, trying and failing to deal with depression on my own. I would go to the counseling center at college but they don’t really offer anything long term so it was sporadic. Then my sister went to therapy and it had such a huge effect on her that it encouraged me to finally get off my ass: so I looked up a therapist on my own, actually found one, and I liked her, but it was taking a while for me to open up. Social anxiety and fear of rejection and abandonment has been something I’ve been struggling with since, like, forever, and that had been the biggest reason why I had such a hard time reaching out in the first place. Well, finally during our second to last session I felt like we were finally getting somewhere. So I go into the next session finally feeling at ease, but then at the end she drops the bombshell that this would be our last session because she was moving away for a new job.  I pretended to be fine and happy for her, but the whole train ride home I was having a breakdown. (And after that is when everything started shutting down due to COVID, so I just never went back to the center for the process of being handed off to someone else.) Like, I know it’s not rational to feel hurt, or to start avoiding the center, but I guess it just happened so abruptly and it kinda felt like I’d only just opened up so it hurt more. At that point I wish she’d just warned me at the beginning that there was a possibility she was moving on or something so I could have had more time to accept it, or maybe I would have felt less like I’d just wasted my time. I’ve tried getting over it, but I don’t know why I haven’t. Since then I keep on saying I’ll look for a new therapist again, but it just hasn’t happened at all. I don’t know why I’m being such a baby about this. (Or I know why, but I don’t know how to just get over it already.)
918	real	I lost all my friends in a year, and now I have no one [End Title]: It’s kinda a long story on how everything happened. I also apologize for any grammar or spelling mistakes I’m just a dumb 19 year old on the mobile Reddit app at 2 in the morning.   To start off at 17 years old my parents both kinda went off the deep end. I forgive them now but at the time their choices left me stranded and homeless for my final year of Highschool. I had to work a job on top of being in my schools specialty art department that required me to consistently enter competitions for academic funding for the art department. It was a lot and I know I couldn’t have done it without my friends and boyfriend. They opened their homes to me on multiple occasions where a shower and a warm blanket were the only things keeping me together. I love them all dearly, more than I’ve ever loved anything in my entire life.  The day I graduated a year after loosing my home was the day I finally got an apartment. Things were finally getting better.  And then My best friend Ollie passed away. Ollie was the kindest most genuine person I’ve ever met and every time I think about their passing it physically hurts me. I was supposed to see them the next day and suddenly they were just gone forever.      After that our little group of 6 that was supposed to be 7 hurt me. I had to step away for a couple of weeks because being around them only brought the thought on of something happening to them and I couldn’t handle it. Then something did happen, my friend A sent me a one word text that just said goodbye and I’ve never heard my heart drop like that in my entire life. I ran 2 red lights just to kick down their front door and just hold them. I told them that everything was going to be ok. I held their hair back when they got sick from the cleaning supplies they swallowed and  I waited for the ambulance to get there.  From then on I tried so hard to be a better friend.  I came over more and made them meals, I offered to drive them places. I told them I was there if they ever needed anything and I was.  My friend A decided to plan a big trip last month. It was supposed to be a fun way to relax for the summer. The second day into the week long trip A stops talking to me. I thought maybe she just needed space but then it carried on for the rest of the trip and I became worried. I tried to reach out but she just pushed me away. It’s just like my very existence annoyed her. On the way home I happened to peak over at my boyfriends phone and I saw her name. I asked if I could see so he handed me the phone and it was just paragraph after paragraph about how she wanted to drop me off in the middle of nowhere and she hated me. I was too shocked to say anything at first but once I got ahold of everything I just read I turned to look at her and said “A…I love you,But I don’t like you right now”.  I should’ve never said if I think I was too angry to think rationally to be honest. From then on she told me I was dead to her and I was a terrible person and I was a terrible friend to everyone (I think she was insinuating I was a terrible friend to Ollie, because I was sleeping when they took their life and didn’t see their messages till that morning. I still blame myself) I can’t be sure but from some of the other context that I won’t go too deep into it made it sound like that’s what she meant.  Everyone has told me they don’t agree with what she said but they told me since they and her have all been friends longer then they have with me they have to side with her. I’ve never asked them to take sides I just don’t wanna be called horrible names. Even my boyfriend now ex has said as much.   I don’t really have anyone now. My parents are here but I keep them at a 10 foot distance from me emotionally due to their past issues, along with the fact my dad has alcoholic dementia and can’t remember who I am most of the time.   Some days I’m ok with being alone. Other days I feel like I’m on fire. Everyone tells me it will get better but they were the only family I had and now im nothing.
49	real	It was my fault. [End Title]: 8 years, 3 months, 2 weeks, and 1 day ago, my pet was murdered by my ex.  "He'd never do something like that," I told myself. "He only hits me because I make him so angry. What could a little elderly bird do to bother him?"  I was a fucking fool. I was weak. I was naive and selfish. I fucking knew better.  I hate myself.
216	real	My girlfriends friends make me feel fuzzy inside and I really like it [End Title]: My girlfriend rarely introduces me to her friends let alone lets me hang around them while they're together. When she does introduce me though, they all tell me I'm a great boyfriend to her and that they hope we last. One of them teared up last night. Me and my girlfriend were having a good time last night for a while and we both happen to be survivors of multiple sexually traumatic experiences so I usually make sure she's okay and I know what she's okay with. Last night we were doing something and she hesitated for a sec so i stopped, made sure she was okay, and calmed her down and all that good stuff. I told her best friend because she was waiting for me to let her know when we were done (she missed her). This is how it went for the most part   Me: she hesitated so i stopped   Me: Hesitating is just as valid as saying no   Her: I'm so glad you're her boyfriend.   Her: That's such a good mindset to have ngl   Her: Thank you for stopping.   Her: That's my lil...my lil taco shell   I felt so good about being a good boyfriend for her and I just needed to share that with someone, thank you for reading (:
887	real	Moving to another country in my early 20s made me realize that making new friends from scratch is challenging. [End Title]:  I never really had a hard time making new friends before I moved. I don't know where to look to make new friends that go beyond lunch/dinner friends now that I'm in another country. I miss having close friends around, talking about random but deep things.  Context : I'm in new zealand rn so I'm not really restricted on going out. But I don't know where to find new mates :(  Any advice welcome
73	real	Dear Mia [End Title]: Dear Mia,  I am so glad you're having fun abroad. You've met so many people and I am so happy to hear that you're so much more self-confident and so much less self-consious.   You've grown so much, and I think it's time we parted ways. I am sure that now you have come to realize what friendship is supposed to be. It's not fair that I burden you with my emotions and baggage when you don't feel comfortable enough to do the same with me. It's not fair that no matter how many times you say you enjoy having me in your life I still can't believe you. It's not fair that you have to (unsuccessfully) be my therapist. I am sure now that you have new people in your life you realize how little I offer as both a friend and person.  But it's not like you ever really cared anyway. You always put your boyfriend first. It seems that in all my relationships someone has a significant other or better friends. It's only right that you prioritize him over me, jealousy is just another shitty quality I have.  Frankly you only kept me around because none of your other friends treated you well. Now that you don't have that problem anymore you don't need me. I will continue my life journey alone, as I have done for twenty-two years and I will continue to do until I inevitably commit suicide.   Please live out your twenties to the fullest. This is the best time of your life you should relish in every moment. As for me, I will continue to waste it by watching my father dance around in his diapers crying and flicking the light switches on and off.
125	real	how does she love me [End Title]: how can someone like her someone like me i’m a godamn train-wreck and she seems to be more happy around a few other people. so how does she call me her love.
565	real	I don’t know why I’m posting this, but here goes nothing (cheesy ramble ahead) [End Title]:  I guess this is sort of a rant, I don’t really expect anyone to respond, and I don’t really use Reddit either, but I’ve been keeping this for a really long time and I have nobody I can talk to about it who will actually listen to this story. But there’s this girl, oh yeah, it’s probably gonna get sappy. (Sorry in advance)  Anyways, there’s this girl, and I’ve known her for almost two years now, and I consider her one of my best friends, she’s amazing. When we first met, I admit I didn’t like her much, but overtime I became very intrigued by her and she made me feel something not many other people were capable of making me feel. Kind of a tingly sensation, you know, the pulling of heartstrings all that jazz. I’ve dated in the past, but I never really felt a connection with any of these girls in a romantic sense if any of you get what I mean. A lot of them were great don’t get me wrong! I’m still friends with some of my exes even, that aside- I’ve never actually. Had romantic feelings for them? I love them of course but not in “that way”  Thanks to this, i’ve never had a successful romantic relationship. So for the longest time, I thought I was asexual aromantic, because I was never able to reciprocate these romantic emotions. I thought I was in love a couple of times, but eventually I’d get uncomfortable/overwhelmed by whoever liked me at the time or whoever I was with at the time. I think I just enjoyed the idea of being in a relationship and being loved, but actually being in one was overwhelming for me and I wouldn’t actually have romantic feelings for the person. And I feel awful for this, at least I made sure to get out of these relationships before I did anymore damage, as for others it was the other partner who wouldn’t treat me fairly (I’ve been in an abusive relationship in the past, it was messy but I’m glad I cut ties with this person) and I just haven’t really. Actually enjoyed the thought of being in a romantic relationship with any of the people I know. Until I met this girl, for the sake of anonymity, let’s name her…. Sally- idk lol Anyways, Sally and me met two years ago, ish, and our friendship is… strange to say the least, we’re very different personality wise, and she’s a very unique person, very strange girl but I enjoy her company (we’re the same age, I think she’s a few months older than me) and there’s been a few times where we even spoke about having a future together or getting cats together. Just simple things, nothing romantic mainly platonic. But the idea of sharing a future with her seemed very different than the idea of sharing a future with the other people I’ve been with in the past. Of course I love all my friends and it would be awesome to be together with them and just like, yk, chill as homies. But as time passed I wanted more than that. (I think, I still don’t really understand my emotions) while I was in a different relationship, I was trying to get over this girl because I knew she probably wouldn’t be interested, since we both share the common trait of not being interested in the idea of romance. (I’m not really either if I’m being honest, so my ex/exes were queer platonic partners, google it in case you don’t know what that means.) but she’s always been there for me, and some of the things she says to me are? So amazing? It’s stupid, and I feel like an helpless idiot saying this but she makes me feel like I’m on a warm fluffy cloud. There was this one time where she was telling me about how when she first met me, I reminded her of the stars. Cheesy, am I right? I never thought my heart would actually skip a beat at that. She called me a “star child” (which is funny, because I’m only a few months younger than her and I’m a LOT taller than her, lol) as well as we often have late night conversations when all my other friends are asleep. We’ve also made comics in the past, and she’s just overall someone who makes great company. She supports me, she appreciates my company too, and dude, we made a promise about adopting cats!!!! (Epic) she puts up with my shenanigans, my hyperactive personality and presence. But I just love so many things about her- she’s hard working, even if she says she’s not, she’s strong, and I don’t know, she’s just so comforting to be around? I cant even put it to words. She’s really weird. And despite how many stupid mistakes I’ve made in the past she still accepts me and just sees me for who I am, not for my mistakes. There’s just one  Teensy  Little problem.  (Actually maybe more than one) I cant actually tell her how I feel. I don’t want it to ruin my friendship with her, as well as that uh. I’m not a guy. But I’m technically not a girl either. (I’m non binary I think? I dont really have a label nor do I really care about labels. I am who I am and I’ll love who I want. Who cares) And this girl I like is conservative, (so I don’t think she’d be able to comfortably be in a relationship with a non binary person) also from the looks of it she’s straight. (She’s told me herself she’s straight, but she’s never fallen in love with anyone) she sees me as a guy though, which I don’t mind. I go by any pronouns and any gender identity.  I don’t know- I’m just scared of telling her, and I don’t think I ever will. So that’s kind of why I’m making this post. I’ll just throw these words into the abyss that is social media and leave it at that, in a hopeless attempt to bury these feelings deep down where they came from. But it’s so hard, I’m always thinking about her and it hurts but it also doesn’t feel too awful. I feel giddy whenever I talk to her and I’m always excited when I talk to her. We have very contrasting personalities, and I don’t think we’re ever going to be in a relationship. But I think that’s okay with me. Her friendship is one of the most valuable things I have and I’m satisfied with that. I also joke a lot about my feelings for her. You guys know those jokes were your being like 100% honest but you make it sound like super exaggerated so everyone thinks you’re joking? Yeah I do those a lot, so I’ve actually told her I’m in love with her   Lots of times!  But she thinks I’m joking HFBFNNSHG- And I tell her I’m joking, but I’m not, and I actually want to hold her hand like really bad. I’m down hard aren’t I-   There was this one time where she told me that although she jokes a lot about her thinking I’m a nuisance that she really likes my company, and that she easily gets lonely when I’m gone and I thought it was adorable.   She’s just so wonderful and I adore her company.  I know she probably only thinks of me as a friend, as a matter of fact in confident about it. And I don’t want to bother telling her how I feel. As well as that I’m scared it probably won’t work out. All my past relationships have been really messy and I’m scared that if I go into a relationship with her then it might be as bad as the ones I’ve been in the past. She’s not like anyone I’ve ever met though, and I can’t believe how oblivious I was to my own emotions, it’s actually kind of painful HAHDHAHAHD one of my friends a few months ago that had a crush on me had to tell me I had a crush on this girl. This friend of mine (I was oblivious to their feelings, so I technically rejected them) and they were like “u like this girl don’t you” and I was like “HUH?? NO WAY!! THATS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS” and now here we are, and I am incredibly in love with this girl to the point I want to barf from the cheesy mess I’ve become. Who knows what the future holds though, right? But since I can’t tell her my emotions,   I’ll tell them to her on here, she won’t ever read this I hope, and she probably won’t see this either, so this is a good place to post this and be able to let out my emotions)   But uh, hey, I just want to let you know you’re probably one of the most important people to me. And while I still don’t really understand what I’m feeling, I want you to know that I don’t feel this way for a lot of people, so it makes you more special than my other friends in a way. Ugh this is dumb- I don’t know why I’m rambling so much- but all the nights we stayed up together and talked about our dreams, or sent random memes to each other, or worked ourselves to death while we made our comic, I loved all of that, and I love every moment I spend with you. You’re such an incredible person and I know you ignore me a lot and you’re also kinda dry, and stubborn, and you’re a workaholic, (seriously you need a break man) also your memes are bad. But I laugh at them anyways. You’re wonderful, it’s three and rn and I’m about to pass out, but just know you’ll always be one of the most important people to me, and you’re an incredible friend. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me. I love you.
262	real	20 [M] Dating a girl Long distance who turns out to be a minor [End Title]: Hello folks, I'll try to keep this as simple as possible because there's people who could recognize my story and I'd rather they dont notice its me   I started dating a girl I met online 6 months ago, everything was great and all and for the first time in my life I realized I was genuinely inlove.   She recently told me she's been lying about her age and actually turned out to be a teenager.    I'm not sure what to do about this situation. I'm inlove with her, and she offered we stay as "exclusive friends" \[aka not date anyone till shes of age\] And then get united yet again.   I am still inlove with her, I fell who she is but I'm not sure what to do, the fact shes 5 years younger than me really bothers me, we dont do anything sexual so there's nothing actually illegal, but I dont feel right about any of this, I was genuinely planning on getting married.    I feel like I've gone insane and this is just a joke or a bad dream, but I can't seem to be waking up
717	real	I’m not sure what college to choose. [End Title]: Just for simplicity, let’s just say I’m trying to decide between two colleges: “College A” and “Collage B”. College A is a really nice private school that has great overall statistics, beautiful campus, and really great community, but is really expensive(like $50,000/year). Then there’s College B which is a state school that has decent statistics, a good campus, and is about ($18,000/year). College A is a smaller college, while College B is a medium sized college.  But here’s the fun part, there’s more factors other than that. I’m pretty familiar with College A because someone I’m close with already goes there, and so I’ve already seen the campus multiple times. So when I toured there, I was kinda underwhelmed because I’ve already seen everything. Unlike College B however, I’ve never been there before until I toured, so it was kinda like a shiny new toy.   Here’s another thing: scholarships. College A, although very expensive, is offering me $26,000/year and they guarantee you that you’ll graduate in 4 years. On the other hand, College B gave me a whopping $0 and they can’t guarantee me that I’ll graduate in 4 years. And if I can’t graduate from College B in 4 years, then it would actually make it more expensive than College A. Not to mention the graduation rate at College B is about 30%, less than half of what College A offers.  Of course there’s other factors at play (like how much money I have already saved up, distance from home, etc), but I felt like I covered some of the main points. I’ve maintained a 4.0 GPA all through high school, I’m involved in many clubs and community activities, and I get along with all my peers and teachers so it’s not like a have a bad record or anything. But I’m really not sure what I should do. College A, even with the scholarship, is still pretty expensive, but would I really get the most of my education at College B? If you have any advice or suggestions, please let me know.
596	real	I hurt [End Title]: I don’t even know where to start this, I know most people don’t answer but maybe typing it will help.  So tonight I was planning on going somewhere, nothing extravagant but I decided to dress up for no reason at all.   After I spent awhile getting ready my S.O. Tells me cruelly that I look like shit. It was mean and hurtful, as pointed as a spear. It hurt bad.   I’m not bad looking however I recently decided to change my look slightly which my S.O. Does not approve of.   I left the room and spent half an hour trying to forget it but I couldn’t. Went up to my room and took everything off and got into a typical shirt/ jeans. Have been lying in bed since.   My S.O. Sends me a text saying dinnner is ready. I put it on do not disturb becauese I just want to be left alone. I fall asleep. My S.O. Begins banging on the door and screams why did you lock it?   I open the door and get back in bed and I say “just leave me alone”  What’s your problem I’m asked, so I said you told me I look like shit and said it as cruelly as I could only to immitate. Angrily S.O. Says your really upset about that? And walks out.   I feel embarrassed. Stupid. Hurt. Confused. exhausted.   So embarrassed I felt the need to make a throw away and so stupid I shouldn’t feel this way.
669	real	Sick of my cousin guilting me [End Title]: My cousin (let’s call her Vita) is constantly on me about a bunch of things.  First, about my sexuality. She’s bi and I’m bi, but I lean towards men. Whenever I mention that I find a male fictional character hot, she’ll go, “Are you even bi?” Like, tf does that mean? She’s all about LGBT+ positivity, but apparently only directed to people who don’t find men attractive.  Secondly, while we’re both Democrats, I’m more of a centrist than she is. She’s big on Bernie Sanders and AOC, and I personally am not. She recently asked me who I was the biggest supporter of in the democratic primaries, and proceeded to shame me when I told her I liked Mike Bloomberg. She said, “But he’s a billionaire and all of them abuse their wives,” (exact words) in front of both our families.  Two examples. I love my cousin, but she can really rub me the wrong way sometimes. I could deal with it if she had some evidence behind her claims, but if my dad ever asks, she’ll quote tweets that I’ve seen on Instagram the day before. Idk, she just makes me really mad sometimes.
309	fake	Can someone like, just adopt me idk or or take me to their private island or cabin in the woods. [End Title]: Thats it. That’s the post. I just want to runaway with a random idc if you’re a guy or girl.  Side note: i can cook good food, rest of expenses on you. Cheers   Comment if interested.
803	real	I'll say it again [End Title]: Marcus is an abuser.   Years of holding onto that knowledge has felt like poison inside of me. Years of having known him, even casually, and participating in his toxic by association community, has felt like poison.   Marcus is the "root" poison. Sometimes the sweet-tasting kind, but the end result is always the same with poison, even if it tastes good at first.   Don't drink the poison.
877	real	[19F] I cut off my friends from high school. [End Title]: So I moved to a new high school in CA my sophomore year and met a group of friends: 4 girls, 2 boys. We all went through a lot throughout the rest of high school.  Always together.  The day after graduation or a few days after they all made a plan to go to the mall to get our nails done as a last get-together before the 4th girl moved away to Florida that day. It was happening early in the morning and I didn’t feel like waking up and just didn’t want to spend money on nails so I lied and said I couldn’t go.   Days/weeks pass, they kept on making all these plans like going to coffee shops or going to the beach. I didn’t have a car back then so I would need to get a ride from someone. I didn’t want to spend a lot of money bc I was still saving for my car.  Usually they’d just be posting memes in the group chat and eventually I just put it on silent mode so I wouldn’t get their hundreds of texts. It was never anything important just them spamming the chat so I never texted anything on it.  The 1st boy would message me privately asking if I was okay and why I never reply/text the group chat. I’d say I’m sorry I’m always at work and school. I told him that I needed some time to get my life together. He said he was worried for me but understood and told me that I could talk to him about anything. I eventually just deleted the group chats off my iMessages.  They all ended up going to the same community college together while he and I went to the rival community college. They also all work together. I felt like college was my new start. A time for me to shape my life the way I always wanted. I wanted to leave high school behind me. I haven’t hung out with them since graduation so when we saw each other on campus I tried acting normal around him and energetic but he seemed eh and just asked how I’ve been.  A semester goes by and I see him in the corner of my eye walking behind me but he doesn’t say a word to me like as tho he didn’t know me anymore. That’s when I knew the friendship was already gone. I never saw him on campus again. The only time the other boy that literally lives a few houses down from me contacted me was to ask for one of the girl’s straightener that I borrowed for graduation back. After I met up with him at night to return it to him to give it back to her, I never heard from him again.  Whenever I scroll through Instagram I see posts of them hanging out together having fun and I feel depressed and left out. Especially during Christmas time when I saw videos of them opening gifts from each other.  The 2nd boy literally lives a few houses away from me but never invites me to hang out with any of them.  One of the girls lives in the apartments down the street from where I live and the other girl lives in the apartments right across from where I live. They all live within walking distance of me pretty much.  One of the girls I was really close to and I always use to talk about going to the gym together after high school. That time has finally come and all she says is I’ll think about it but never texts me again. Yet they all like my posts on Instagram but never talk to me in person anymore.  I know this is all my fault and they probably just did to me what I pretty much did to them. Idk why I shut them out I guess I just became bored with the friends I had and for some reason I just felt like they weren’t the friends I wanted and thought I’d find new friends in college that I could relate to more and be my true self around like my best friends in VA (who still talk to me). I wanted to leave high school behind. I imagined that they would be the only friends I would ever have to hang out with during my college years and wanted to have new experiences and friendships. I was the only person that wanted to go to grad nite so I ended up going alone.  Now the only two people I have to hang out with is my boyfriend and my older sister. My older sister has a lot of problems in her life with drug use, a toxic relationship, and anxiety/depression while working a night job so she never really talks to me unless she’s asking me for money or needs a ride somewhere bc her car got repossessed. (Sorry this is turning into another story.)  Anyways, I feel like it’s not very healthy for me to only have my boyfriend to hang out with especially when all he does when he hangs out with his friends is smoke weed. (I don’t smoke at all I just come along for the ride. He never once did either until his cousin introduced it to him last year.) It just seems lonely to not have actual friends of my own. Sigh. I’m Draking over friends that clearly don’t care to fuck with me anymore and I had it coming but now I feel...idk man. This is what I get. Feels bad.
848	real	Not everyone's voice needs to be heard [End Title]: Celebrities, Twitter wokes, normalize this normalize that, fucking key board warriors.  Seriously do we really need to listen to what these idiots of today want to say? Kinda dumb if I do say so myself
580	real	I’m constantly afraid of getting cancer or another horrible disease. [End Title]: I feel like it’s inevitable at this point. The statistics only seem to go up and even if you survive you’ll have to experience so much misery, physical and mental pain, and financial strain that you might as well be dead. The chances are extremely high especially for me as a female and if it’s not me I’m terrified that it will be someone I care about. I can’t bear to lose my mom and sister and step dad. I don’t know if I’ll be able to survive without them. I’m terrified of the day I’ll have to come to terms with that. I don’t think I’ll be capable of continuing. Besides my family, and the selfish part of my brain that only thinks about me: Everything I’ve worked for like my university and my self improvement and my relationships don’t mean anything if I don’t be around to experience them. I’m really scared because there’s nothing I can do to avoid this not unlikely scenario either to Me or my family.  I’m only sixteen but I’m scared of what will happen when I’m an adult. It hangs over my head. I can’t sleep
864	real	im scared and lonely [End Title]: im scared ofnpeoole and cars.  I don't like going out butnim so lonely. I don't have any friends anx my family hates me. Eberyone hates em im ugly and worthless s kill me make it bloody im terrified of going out, people makenem so nervous and they're always staring and laughing they hate me and think I. Ugly and why do they laugh at me so much im.not that dumb sure I'm a worthless freak 🙃 but could.you at least show some pity or something. but then ill get upset cuz its fake, im so needy which is why I'm worthless, I don't even like myself how can I do anything worthwhile or of value when I cant even work prorpely I want to drive a knife into myself over an over and over until I die cut my head off rip my limbs off kill me
447	real	An unfulfilled life - (28m) [End Title]: I don’t like to think of myself as negative person, I’ve always preferred realistic. But lately I’ve been feeling very unfulfilled in my life. I’m just very unsatisfied with what I’m doing and the direction it’s taking. I feel like I continue to try different things but that life satisfaction just isn’t there. I think maybe I’m expecting too much out of life, or maybe I don’t have the balls to chase what I really want. But I don’t even know what I really want. I don’t even know what I’m passionate about I’m getting to the point where I think I’m just going to feel this way forever, I don’t want to accept it but I don’t know what else to do.  Just felt like venting.
484	real	hate my teeth sm :( [End Title]: i’m 14yr. i have bad teeth. they’re not that bad, but i still hate them. one of my front teeth is slightly bigger than the other, and also higher so every time i speak it makes it look like my lip is raising in that certain area if that makes sense. i also have overbite.  my dentist said that i needed braces. but my family is low-income and my mom won’t do anything about it.   i’ve had 5 cavities for like 6 months and she has refused to take me to get them done. she says she’ll call the dentist and then doesn’t.   she said that she was going to start saving money to get me braces but i found out that that was a flat-out lie. i hate myself sm bc of my teeth. and i am so mad at my mother for lying to me.   i just feel self conscious and upset.
418	real	harassment is not excusable [End Title]: tl;dr- i was sexually harassed at work by a guy who had been previously diagnosed with Aspergers &amp; my managers did nothing about it because he was “too friendly for that”   3 years ago i worked at a well known family friendly chain restaurant. it was my first serving job. i had worked in a previously toxic environment as a busser &amp; left due to ongoing harassment. i made it clear to the manager that hired me that i would not be harassed like that (the place was a locally owned sports restaurant/bar &amp; everyone knew how bad it was). i clearly indicated in my interview that i had applied *here* because i was being harassed *there*. it was promised to me i would have no problems.  l o l.  i had a coworker, who was a dishwasher/busser, that was on the autism spectrum &amp; after a month of working there he started sexually harassing me. started out with reference comments such as “liking women in red lipstick” (which i wore often because it was winter going into spring) &amp; then it advanced. he became brave &amp; would grab my hips &amp; ass in the kitchen but if there was an available reachable body part he would *randomly, not every time* make it a point to touch me when i would walk past him anywhere in the restaurant). the physical part started out as hugs &amp; i tried to make it clear that i didn’t like hugging my coworkers, because i don’t. i keep work very much work &amp; don’t take home to work nor work back home. i made it very apparent i am a personal bubble kinda person &amp; he continued to touch me. when he realized i wasn’t gonna hug him multiple times every shift, it got to the point where when i didn’t accept his friend request on facebook, he confronted me in person. i would say, “i only accept people that i personally associate with” &amp; he would say “am i not your friend?” one can only imagine how fed up i became. so i reported it to management &amp; it got brushed under the rug as “he has autism, you have to understand that he doesn’t know boundaries.”  eventually i quit the job because he, management &amp; several other people were too problematic. i continued my education, &amp; now am mad i never took legal action against the dude for harassment.  to this day i feel extremely mad because i reported him &amp; made myself the bad guy for even saying anything, but i feel even worse because it didn’t matter he made me uncomfortable &amp; touched me inappropriately, but because “he has autism” it was written off as friendly. &amp; because i’m a social pushover, i tried to get my point across without hurting his feelings, which made him feel like i was his friend, &amp; i regret not telling him to get the fuck off of me or else.  i should have taken legal action but everyone in my community would have been pissed &amp; i would have been the evil person for thinking that an autistic man would sexually harass me.
147	real	My life keeps taking turns and I mentally and physically can’t take anymore of it. [End Title]: ( Sorry for misspelling or bad grammar, I’m on mobile)  I’m 15 about to be 16, and so far I never felt a need to just stop the pain I feel.   (Back ground) Ever since my mom died, I couldn’t accept the fact that I would be alone for the rest of my life.  My brother, sister and I moved in with my aunt and cousin, she’s about the same age as me so we got along. However she started becoming distant and then stopped hanging out with me. She started telling people about my home life and how much of a cry baby I am.   I couldn’t handle my problems at the time and I had a bad habit of self harm. And I would be sent to the hospital for week long stays after attempts. Then I started smoking and it helped for the time I was in a depressive cloud.   We would soon move to another state and that’s when stuff really started getting bad. I’m the oldest sibling and I defend my sister and my brother from the stuff my cousin pulls. A few months ago she would sometimes come into my room and start asking me why I haven’t gotten a girlfriend yet. She knew I was gay but she was just making sure I knew how much gays were disliked in my household.  About 4 months ago, I got a boyfriend. He was my best friend and my only friend. And we would talk about our problems and then hangout afterwards to cheer each other up. We always had a good time and We would always go to each other’s houses but her mostly came to mine. He was the first friend I had since I was in middle school.  Then three weeks ago I wanted to get my cousin something so we can rebuild our relationship and become friends again. So I saved up the money and went to go buy something she really really wanted. Shes a good artist so I bought her art pencils and oil paints to add to her collection. They drained my wallet but I wanted to stop the fights between us.   When I got home that night and I opened the door to my house I saw my boyfriend’s shoes next to the door, like he’d always do, and I walked up to my room and that’s when I heard it. My speaker was on and it was loud. I thought my sister was in there with him so I walked in.  And that’s when I saw it.  My boyfriend and my cousin were half naked on my bed. They hadn’t realized I walked in. And they just kept going. So I turned off the speaker, and then shit went down. My cousin started laughing and yelling about how she managed to make my gay boyfriend straight and love her instead of me. All I did wait for the excuse. And He knew he has messed up. He proceeded to start apologizing for what he did and said he wouldn’t do it again and that it wasn’t gonna go no where. And then I just kinda broke down in anger and sadness. I started yelling and crying in the frustration. My siblings were now in the room looking at my now ex and cousin. After I yelled at my ex, I started telling my cousin about how I bought her the paint and art pencils she wanted so badly, but for her to do, this she wouldn’t be getting anything. And Then I started to cry even harder. My cousin started to apologize but my sister literally kicked her out of my room and my ex got kicked out of the house.   After that happened, I started to smoke more and more and I would start burning myself again. I locked myself in my room everyday since that day and would only leave for school, food and bathroom.   Now it’s been three weeks and I’m in the middle of my economics class just to find out my ex and my cousin are going out together. And I just feel a numbness through out my body. I just feel a pressure on my back and ribs and the need to cry but I’m just so exhausted an fatigued. I don’t know how much more I can take if this.  Thank you for listening if you’re reading this.
556	fake	I can disprove Darwinism [End Title]: Imagine if I showed you a book, and said that instead of being written and produced by intelligent minds, it was instead entirely reducible to an explosion in a printer factory. Would you believe me?   That's what atheists ask us to believe when they say Darwinism is true.
323	fake	Submit Homework and Assignment Queries [End Title]: [https://www.codeavail.com/submit-work](https://www.codeavail.com/submit-work)
37	real	I have a plan [End Title]: i keep having this idea: over a period of 5 years i slowly cut off all connections to everyone, destroy my relationships, and ultimately kill myself. i have it all planned out, first i stop all physical contact with my friends, then i slowly decrease and ultimately end texting, i stop going to any events (using a variety of excuses) then i move away but don't actually go to a new town, i just sell my house and all my possessions and kill myself. i don't actually want to do it but the idea keeps entering my head and i have no clue why.
586	real	I'm 16 and I feel uncomfortable about my girl's dressing sense. [End Title]: Hey guys, I'm in India and my girl is also Indian, but we're in a long distance relationship, she's in Singapore. As you know by the title, I feel really pressed, uncomfortable and hurt in my relationship. I love this girl so much and I'm happy with her, but there's this one thing that just makes me want to cry.. It's the way she likes to dress.. Neither am I misogynistic nor am I insecure.. I actually think no one has a chance with her. Idk if I'm wrong.. The last thing I would want is people to hate me. I'm not controlling her or making her do anything but, I'm a human with feelings too.. I want  some things too... I'm sharing this here because I get so much hate for this.. Even when I ask her about this she gets mad instantly and shuts me off. So here I go, she loves to show skin and she loves to flaunt her body, which is fine! She wants to work hard for her body and show it off and I'm proud of her and I get it! If I had a nice body I would show it off too! It's my hard work! But it's not about her wearing tight dresses.. It's about her wearing stuff which alongside showing off her figure, also shows off her breasts and every little curve of her butt.. She wants to wear mini dresses with such little fabric on the boobs that more than half of them are exposed and it's so tight that the dress literally wraps around her buttcheecks. Again, I'm so proud of her to want to show her body which she worked hard for, but... I also want some exclusivity. Just for the sexual parts of the body.. I just feel like her ass and her boobs aren't for others to see... I asked her why she wants that and the reason is that she likes getting eyes on her, it makes her feel confident. I get it, I would too!  And I support her in that! But why does she have to show her sexual assets to others....? It's like me doing the same thing but wearing underwear and showing my dick bulge to girls to get their attention. It just feels so shitty that I have to constantly accept the fact that my girlfriend likes to show her ass and tits to other men. It's just.. So hurtful. I really wanna cry. I can't speak about this to anyone or I'll get hated on... I love her and I support her but... Why do I have to live with my girlfriend showing her ass and boobs to everyone...? It really makes me want to die.. Please help Much love. ❤
438	real	I love my boyfriend [End Title]: I get to visit him tomorrow and I want to cry I missed him so fucking much I can’t wait to hug him and smell him and play video games with him
409	real	As a male I am kinda jealous male characters aren't lewded enough [End Title]: Its oftentimes the girls. They're always the ones getting lewded. C'mon lewd the boys as well. It makes it look like that the male body isn't beautiful enough to be lewded. I am not gay, but there is just this feeling where its mostly the girls being lewded and im like, "what about us boys? Are our bodies just not appealing enough to get as many lewds as the girls do?"   :|
52	real	I'm a 48 year old man and I can't stop crying tonight [End Title]: I don't need any sympathy... I think I just need to say the words to feel better.   I haven't seen my daughter in nearly 5 years. I try and try but I can't seem to penetrate the wall that's been created by her mother and her mother's family.  Me and my daughter were best friends. We did everything together.  Then..I had an argument with her mother and that left me with 0 contact.  I can't describe the pain and the loss that I carry with me everyday.   I don't think people realise that fathers hurt too.   Today is the worst of all the days for some reason.  I think it's because the rejection/silence that comes after every time I reach out has just become too much.  There will come a time that I won't survive this.  This is my confession.
599	fake	Fat shit [End Title]: A couple of weeks ago I had the fattest of shits
687	real	Just lost. [End Title]: I can’t wrap my mind around the situation life moves so quickly. I have two young children who’s father was taken a few weeks ago for assault (on me) called in by our neighbors. I didn’t say a lot to the cops but I didn’t have to I was covered in red markings.. he had already left the premises and didn’t even know the cops were looking for him...  this man was my best friend, lover, life long partner, we lived together for years alone (no family or friends) in a separate part of the country.. he is all I’ve known for a very long time.. he admitted to the cops this huge letter stating he assaulted me..  he plead guilty.. and was charged a couple days ago with assault. We can’t see or speak for two years now..  my heart hurts tremendously like someone is sitting on me, I can’t sleep when I do I just have wild nightmares, I started drinking to just get the edge off, I used to smoke a lot of weed but it started to fuck with my head after this happened.. I told his prosecutor that I loved him that I didn’t want him to be charged with assault that although we had a fight it wasn’t like I broke any bones or had any serious Injury... just a misunderstanding... I just cry a lot now. Sitting on my floor rummaging through all of our paperwork bawling. Years of photos and marriage paperwork, vows, children’s births... I’m scared after this he will hate me forever that this is the true end of us. I’m really trying to pull myself together for the sake of our kids but I am in so much pain. I can’t describe the absolute empty and hallow dark feeling in my heart. I blame myself a lot like if I just said the right things to the private investigator or reached out to the prosecutor maybe the ruling would’ve been different..? He’s still in jail. And I’m a single? Mom now..  I’m so lost. And hurt in So many ways.
879	real	Lost my virginity to a hooker in Thailand [End Title]: So, I'm currently still on a holiday with my family. Well we where in a hooker district we decided tot get a massage. One girl looked at me for a long time so I decided tot give her a shot. My family took a foot massage while I got a 'Thai' massage. So I went upstairs and the moment I got into the room I knew what would happen. She tried to get further with me but I didn't have any money on me back then. She was also quite attractive. Well, as a horny 20 year old I said to her that I would come the next day.   My family liked the massage also so we went there in the evening the next day. She was there also. So I went upstairs and immediatly she asked for the money. I gave it to her and within ten minutes we were busy. After the whole thing she lied down next to me talking about her life. That was the most plesant thing.   Wel now I don't know what to think and how to feel. I texted her afterwards that I was sorry for sleeping with her even if she didn't wanted it. I feel fucked for lying to my parents about this and sleeping with this girl if she didn't wanted it to do and losing my virginity to a hooker. On the other hand most girls rejected me and this gave me a new insight how sex is and how good intimacy can feel.  TL:DR Title says it all
716	real	MissMadMod Rant #1 [End Title]: Okay so I'll be using some angry language and writing to the people breaking the rules in a bit of an anon rant.   HEY ASSHOLES  If mods are always shutting down your conversations and no-one else's, MAYBE YOU ARE THE PROBLEM, NOT THE MOD TEAM. I see you 'joking' about mods being sensitive. I'm not reacting to blatant mod bait because I have some self-control, unlike you!  And btw, when I give you a warning or eventually ban you, arguing with me isn't helping you! You can appeal the thing after you stay on good behaviour for a while like everyone else!  MAYBE if you stopped posting NSFW in general when we  HAVE A NSFW CHAT FOR YOU then I wouldn't have to give you warnings!!! WE HAVE RULES FOR A REASON!!!   Signed,  Miss Mad Mod
243	real	i am the emotional support for everyone in my life and it’s exhausting [End Title]: i am the one people go to when they need emotional support, ie they come to me with their burdens because i’m a good listener.   it’s too much like i can’t handle all this knowledge of people’s problems. it makes hanging out in groups challenging because i know everyone’s like deepest insecurities so i’m focusing on how to make everyone feel comfortable.   and just now a stranger vented to me about how he was stressed about politics and like i wanted to say do not dump this on me but i also realize that some people have no one to talk to.   i can’t be the stress reliever for everyone i MEET    some people only hmu when they need emotional support like idk it’s so draining.   on top of it all i’m an introvert    giidjfjnfjekofoekfnfnriifjvjdifid but i feel bad telling people to go to someone else when they’re expressing their soul 😔
131	real	Just tired [End Title]: Full on rant.  I'm so tired of trying to lose weight and looking down and still seeing the same thing every fucking day. I feel so fat and ugly. I hate who I am. I hate who I see. I hate my body. I hate my stomach. It feels like no matter how hard I try it will never go away. I eat properly, I work out properly, and I have spoken to my doctor but all she says is. Its covid. Gaining weight is to be expected since you're home. I am tired of being told to just accept it. I am tired of being fat. I am tired of looking down at myself and wondering what its like to love myself. I am tired of looking at other girls and wondering what they hate about themselves and wishing I could look like them. I am just so tired of feeling this way.
562	real	I’m about ready to pack up. [End Title]: I’m home from college. My parents have just annoyed the living crap out of me. They keep berating me with applying for graduation, grad school, finding seasonal employment. And they keep pulling random chores out of their ass that I have to participate in. It’s getting on my nerves and it just wares me down. I’m ready to pack my crap up and go back to school if they keep this up, I have depression and I just can’t deal with their antics right now. Sure you could say what they’re doing is out of some sort of desire for me to succeed. But it’s pretty hard to succeed when you’re tired and your head is heavy, and you’re afraid that if you hear one more word come out of their mouth that you’ll slam your head so hard into the wall that you’ll give yourself a concussion.
219	real	How to Convince The World that Climate Change is a Hoax [End Title]: I think one of my biggest take aways from this pandemic is that people will believe anything of it suits their interests.   I live in Ontario, Canada, and we have just entered our 3rd or 4th lockdown recently. Covid numbers are on the rise, and the vaccine rollout here has been slow. This time around though, people are pissed. They have Covid fatigue, and they see other countries carrying on as per normal. They might have a right to be upset, I’m not sure.   What I am sure of, is that the people who are the most upset, are the ones who really feel oppressed. They feel like they have had to change their way way of life just because the government says so, and they don’t like it. Conservative, liberal, it doesn’t matter. “My freedom has been taken away from me, and this isn’t fair. I’m not wearing a mask, the lockdown is bullshit, the vaccine is actually making people more sick, Covid is all a hoax... blah blah blah”  After hearing more of my co-workers spouting off all this bullshit today, I came to a realization.   If I were a politician who didn’t believe in climate change, global warming, whatever, then I know a sure fire way to get a LOT of people to back me up.   Reverse psychology.   I explain to my people that we need to take immediate and drastic measures against global warming. Its getting so bad that starting next month, gasoline engines are banned. BANNED. NEXT MONTH. NO MORE GASOLINE VEHICLES.   Could you imagine the backlash!?   There would be millions of people finding hundreds of thousands of articles explaining that climate change isn’t actually real. There would doctors, scientists, and engineers backing it up. You wouldn’t know what was real anymore. There’s be so much misinformation out there that half the people would just follow whatever they scroll through online, and the other half would be second guessing themselves because of all the new “scientific evidence” against climate change.   All because people had their cars taken away.   I dunno, maybe I’m wrong, but I feel like I’m on to something here
95	real	Ok can you guys help me and tell me if my neighbor is creepy or not because I think he is... [End Title]: So basically my office kept sending me a notification saying I had a package delivered but I was confused because I couldn’t think of anything I recently ordered. So I retrieved the package knowing it wasn’t for me because I saw a different name and gave to the front office telling them it was t mind. Next thing I know a few days later my neighbor comes knocking asking if I have his package. I looked confused at first then I realized it was his package I got and told him I gave it to the office but by that time the office was closed. That same night, he came knocking on my door again but by the time me and my boyfriend went to open the door he was sitting in his car and we kept waving to get his attention but he pulled off. The next day the neighbor came again to thank me so I thought all was good and done. However, today I check the mail and see he had mail sent to my place with his name and my apartment number. Now my boyfriend is paranoid and trippen about it but I told him to keep calm and I’ll notify the office in the morning.... are we being too paranoid or is this really weird and creepy?
808	real	How can I let go [End Title]: How do I let go of a certain bad memory that keeps coming up in my mind?I can be minding my own business doing something productive and all of a sudden it keeps creeping up in my head.Its currently 5:20AM and I can't sleep because of it.Im tired of it ruining my mood every other day.Its been 5 months since it happened,I've tried writing it out,meditating on it or even meditating out of it.Any help would be welcomed.Thank you all in advance.if this isn't the right subreddit I would really appreciate a recommendation.
82	fake	You can play a game called stranger by sitting on your hand long enough until it goes numb then you stick it up your ass. [End Title]: You can play a game called stranger by sitting on your hand long enough until it goes numb then you stick it up your ass.     You can play a game called stranger by sitting on your hand long enough until it goes numb then you stick it up your ass.   You can play a game called stranger by sitting on your hand long enough until it goes numb then you stick it up your ass.
696	real	I fucking hate r/blackmagicfuckery [End Title]: It seems like the people in the sub can’t fathom the concept that magic does not exist. Nearly all the top comments will be complaining that a thing doesn’t fit the sub because it can be explained with science... like no shit it’s a real video of a real thing so of course it has an explanation. Why can’t these troglodytes just enjoy the sub without complaining about it all the time. Fuck.
306	real	I still wonder what if about a high school crush [End Title]: I’m in a committed relationship and have been happily for more than 5 years. But I still wonder what might have been if a summer crush (SC) and I had worked out.   We met and flirted in a summer vacation spot in high school but he was taken. First summer love for me. Probably enough to explain the rest.   We kept in touch sporadically but eventually it stopped. But then we ended up in colleges close by to each other. Sophomore year he reached out and we met up but I was in a relationship. We smoked but I got way too high and asked to leave because I was having trouble remembering what was going on and trying to stay faithful to my long distance bf (who I knew I should have broken up with the year before but was never assertive enough to, ultimately stayed with them til senior year and then broke up. Spent nearly all of college in an unhappy long distance relationship, parable for another time). He was nice and obliged to take me back to my campus but I could tell he looked hurt and confused and it made me feel terrible but I couldn’t explain that I wasnt as cool as I claimed and was just too high. It obviously got awkward after that. We lost touch but are still friends on Facebook.   I still lose my breath when his photo passes on Facebook and I often wonder what might have been if I had had the balls to end it with my previous boyfriend in college before I saw SC again or I hadn’t been trying to show off and smoked so much and was just honest with him.   He seems happy and I’m happy but god sometimes I want a free week to just be with him and the person he is in my head at least or get some kind of clarity. Or pretend to be the high school kids we used to be.
956	real	I miss my granny [End Title]: It's been almost 7 months since I lost her. She was a wonderful woman who showed up for me at every important juncture in my life. I am so glad I had the opportunity to know her, and to say goodbye to her last summer. I saw a post on /r/MadeMeSmile about someone who accidentally got a yellow gameboy from his grandma instead of teal, and it made me realize that I had been thinking a lot about her all week. It's probably because her birthday is coming up in March. Love you gran.
144	real	Problem with body odour, I want to die... [End Title]: Hi. I have problem with body odor for about 5 months. Yes, I'm taking shower, I wash clothes, I do everything to be cleanest man in the world. But... But I still stink. I dont smell it, but my friends told me "you're stink" "take a shower" "who is not washing". They said I stink like trash or shit.     I'm sick of it, I've tried everything, I don't know where it comes from. I got depressed because of it, I don't want to go anywhere, I quit my job. I don't have anything, really nothing ... My "friends",  they are not my friends anymore. This is shitty life... I wanna die.  Do you know what life is like? Everyone tells you that you smell, that you do not wash, it affects your psyche terribly. Tell me, what can I do with this problem :((.  Doctors spread their hands.
999	real	Are they reqlly my freinds [End Title]: So me an 18m have no friends, except my cousin that for a long time I thought she was my best friend even tho we don't live in the same country, talk every day and see each other I always thought she is here for me. Lately, I have been In a dark spot, and the only way I express my self about it is on Twitter, which she is active on and sees my twitter. For some reason she doesn't notice me, no one does,  whenever I tweet about my depression, anxiety no one asks me or comfort me about it, it's like I don't exist even for the one I consider my best friend Its been months since som one spoken to me or asked about me, when I see teens my age getting messages,  have a social life I get jealous bc I have never e expressed that
415	real	I (29M) feel so baffled by my ex's(26F) behavior and more so how people around her just let it happen. [End Title]: Quick background info that's key to my confusion. For 5 years we dated/lived together. During that time I ignored a lot of boundary pushing, red flags, etc. In my current therapy I understand why I put up with it all.   However the confusion comes in, she smeared her ex/childhood friend relentlessly during our time together. Expressing he would mistreat her sexually, he would invite her over to ignore her, and would go into great detail about what he would do to her. This guy is part of her childhood friend group and would often express anger that her two female friends not agreeing with her about him being a bad person.  Flash forward to her sudden discard of me, then subsequent breadcrumbing to me over this summer. I came to find out she was lying excessively in the texts, she was now going around to her friends and family, including her ex, telling them I was controlling her, emotionally abusive and to her ex specifically, that I would never let her talk to him or about him. Heck I remember when he randomly sent an apology to her on FB last year and she got all freaked out.  This time though, her smear campaign works as she never let me get super close to her friends and she knew her family thought I was a bit off, despite giving me blessings to marry her.  She's now with her ex again and I'm just floored. I feel bad for the guy to be honest, he has no idea of what she's said and done. What she will continue to do because at this point I don't think she's ever going to change.
548	real	I have lots of “friends” but I’m lonley [End Title]: Lately I’ve been observing my feelings, my depression, my anxiety and I realize I am lonelier than ever. All of my “friends”, I have nothing in common with.  All we do is go clubbing and drinking together but there’s a difference between being friends and partying together.  Now that I’m no longer focused on partying or getting drunk, I see how superficial these friendships really were. Other than my amazing family, I have no one who I just sit and talk with.   I’d honestly rather be alone than be around people I don’t feel a part of but at the same time it makes me sad. Sad that I don’t know how to find someone who I can call a friend. A real friend.
4	real	I want to become a train driver but everyone seems disappointed in my decision. I don't understand why. [End Title]: Hello! Mandatory, I'm 21 from Eastern EU.  No, we don't have nice railways like Germany, I actually dream of being a train driver for Deutsche Bahn but damn if I can learn German. (dam Germany, you got some nice trains over there)   I've had this dream since childhood of driving trains, at first no one supported me from my family and to be honest I didn't know what train driver life is like. I just played the simulators and watched train pass near my home in the countryside. Now I'm 21 and family opinion isn't of such importance for me anymore.  The fact is that of all things I could do this is the only one I see myself doing for a long time, but, everyone around me including friends were disappointed when I told them this. Some arguments were that I also do electronics and I love industrial design witch is true, but something tells me it's not something that's worth doing for me. Tons of efforts so in the end I drown myself in work at a desk. I don't like office jobs at all.  So I wanted to ask you dear fellow redditor. Is it such a disappointment to be a train driver? Why? I'm really curious. Tho I admit I am sad about this situation. Personally I see beauty in this job.   TL;DR I want to become a train driver and when I shared this with close humans they were all disappointed and I want to understand why.
704	real	Upsetting my parents just fills me with this really intense feeling of shame and makes me cry (x-posted) [End Title]: I’m gonna preface this by saying I’m currently sitting on a toilet sobbing, which will be hilarious in a few hours but really isn’t right now. I know this heavy feeling and the shame and the panic is only temporary and that I’ll be fine after I take a cold shower and make myself a drink, but I feel this so often and so intensely and I’m tired of it.  I’m 20f, living away from home for school. For as far back as I can remember, even just the thought of upsetting my parents has terrified me. My most distinct memories from elementary school (where my mom worked) are of me sobbing, shaking with anxiety, terrified that my mother will be upset with me for something I’ve done wrong (forgetting to bring a book to class, laughing at an “inappropriate” joke, accidentally glancing at someone’s paper during a test, literally the simplest things).   One day in 5th grade, I told my science teacher about something that was a little bit TMI (a story about how my neighbor’s son literally shat out a piece of his intestine). We’d been talking about the digestive system in class and I thought the interesting story from my neighbor was relevant, so I mentioned it to my teacher after class. The story elicited a grimace and an “ew” from my teacher, and she told me I shouldn’t be repeating that story in school. Logically now, I know that I wouldn’t have gotten in trouble for that. My teacher wouldn’t have had any reason to tell my mother. But I’ve always been paranoid about getting in trouble, and I had a tendency to “tell on myself” for the smallest things because I always felt ashamed of doing anything “wrong.”  Anyway, when the teacher reacted that way, I immediately started panicking. I realized it wasn’t appropriate, and I felt overwhelmed with guilt and shame and fear. I was so terrified that my teacher would tell my mother, and I was terrified of my mother being disappointed/angry with me. It wasn’t the consequences that mattered. I was always good about getting my gameboy or my television or my toys taken away from me and I never fought my parents back because I understood that there were consequences to my actions. It was the thought of my mother being mad at me that scared me the most. She was scary when she was mad.   I don’t remember if I sat in my fear all day and EVENTUALLY started crying, or if I started crying right away. All I really remember is crying. At some point I started sobbing, pretty much begging my teacher not to tell my mother what I’d said. I kept saying over and over again that my mother would be upset with me, and while my teacher didn’t know it, I was more concerned with disappointing my mother than I was with whatever consequences would come my way.  I guess this reaction scared my teacher. She told our head teacher (who happens to be close friends with my mother) and the head teacher called my mother down. And then later I had to sit and, in my tears, explain that my mother isn’t abusive, because apparently my teacher was worried she was.   Anyway, that’s an extreme example but also the most accurate example to explain it all, I guess. I was chatting with my parents on the phone earlier and my dad sounded pretty frustrated. Over the past year or two, I’ve tried so so so so hard to keep conversations calm, peaceful, and stress-free between them and myself. I could tell that he was getting pretty worked up/frustrated, and I wanted to reassure him that if now wasn’t an okay time, we could talk later (I thought maybe he was busy/tired after a long work day). He then got pissed at me for “interrupting” him and proceeded to raise his voice, every now and then accusing me of trying to speak over him (despite the fact that I’d stopped talking at this point).  All I’d been trying to do was tell him that if now was a bad time, I’d be happy to chat later, solely because I wanted to avoid any kind of heated conversation when it wasn’t necessary. Then when I tried to apologize and explain that I didn’t mean to interrupt, he got even more pissed and accused me of being disrespectful. I then started crying, which I genuinely cannot stop myself from doing, and I tried to ask my mom if I could speak to her individually, just so I could explain to her that I wasn’t trying to be confrontational or disrespectful and that I was actually trying to do just the opposite. She got upset with me, told me I’m a bad communicator, that the whole thing was my fault, etc. Eventually I sort of communicated that I’m trying really hard to just maintain a peaceful conversation and that all I wanted to do was keep things calm, and that I didn’t mean for it to backfire. I then tried to explain to to my dad, but he didn’t seem to want to hear it. Finally he let me just apologize and he calmed down a bit and he apologized as well, but it was just a lot.  Any type of confrontation with them makes me cry. I physically can’t stop it. It’s just this instant reaction, almost like my mind and my body are separate. I’m overcome with these intense feelings of guilt and shame. “I’m not a good enough daughter,” “something’s wrong with me,” etc. I don’t vocalize them but I feel them deeply. Logically I know I’m a perfectly fine daughter. I have flaws just like everyone else, but I respect them and I follow their rules and I try to cause them as little stress as possible. But any time they get even slightly upset with me, I’m met with these same heavy feelings of guilt and shame and panic that I felt as a child. I just don’t know how to handle it anymore. It’s so heavy and so exhausting.  I guess I’m just asking for anyone’s thoughts or suggestions. I know that the way I feel is kind of a byproduct of the way I was treated as a kid, but I can’t say that to my parents. I don’t know how to get rid of these feelings of guilt and shame, let alone how to prevent myself from crying in these situations.
707	real	I ruined my life and my relationship [End Title]: Me and my boyfriend are currently in a long distance relationship. I studied very hard this year in order to transfer to his university and stay with him. I was almost success since I got a super high GPA but I ruined it. One friend plagiarized my assignment and now I got a disciplined code annotated with my letter grade for one course (because sharing works with others). I can't see any chance for me to be accepted by my boyfriend's university(since they don't accept any letter of explanation) and I feel ashamed to my boyfriend. I even wanna kill myself but I am afraid to do that. Feel like I am such a failure
143	real	I hate being in my house because of my little brother. [End Title]: I love my little brother, but any time I'm in a room alone with him, I feel so fucking anxious.  He constantly threatens me and our parents, he threatens his own life and others'.  He gets physically violent.  He usurps entire plots of land in the house.  He's on the spectrum and has several different mental disorders, and I love him so much and wish he could see how talented he really is, but he won't let anyone see the real him, not even himself.  I understand that he's not able to interact and communicate like other people, but there are some things that there is no excuse for, like threatening my life or his life because I walked on the wrong side of the room.  He gets angry and screams on a daily basis.  He acts like a toddler when he doesn't get his way.  He is not an incompetent person.  He is a perfectly able bodied teenager.  I am moving out this coming summer because I cannot stand being in that house.  There is constant tension and I don't feel emotionally safe.  I need to live somewhere where I'm not in constant fear of a loved one.
269	real	Tattoos on women are not sexy [End Title]: That simple. As soon as I see a tattoo on a woman they loose all sex appeal to me.  Same for any piercings other than ear. I dont know why I feel that way just always have. Is it wrong? Yes I do agree it is unfair. But I cant help it. Well bring on the hate.
926	real	I'm getting my Associate's Degree in a month! [End Title]: In a month, I'm going to officially be getting my first college degree. I'm getting my Associate's Degree from the community college I transferred from, and I'm so excited! I'm really really proud of myself!
479	real	Accused of stealing [End Title]: I work under the table as a bartender (I know shame on me), and was making some decent moneys. However, last weekend 2 days after my normal shift i get a text from the owner at 3am accusing me of stealing. I was flabbergasted that they would think that, and responded asking for clarification. They never responded. Fast forward to the day I'm suposed to normally work, I message them trying to be the bigger person saying that I would not be showing up for that shift (obviously), especially since they couldn't give me the time of day to explain their accusations.  I thanked them for letting me work there, etc. I was trying to be the bigger person, when the owner BLOWS UP my phone with all this crap about how I've been taking money from the register. And giving change out of my tip jar and not putting shit in the register. Etc.   Now I have some good defenses for all these accusations as to what was happening but at this point is it worth my time to respond and defend myself? I am just feeling really shitty about myself over this. They're threatening to send me to jail now and I'm a little scared they might try to take me to court.  I did not steal from this place as that's not in my nature and I'm a hard fucking worker. But this shit sucks. I dont know if I should respond and try to defend myself or just let him think I stole and leave it. I dont think hell send me to jail because I'm an under the table employee so he would also probably get in some serious trouble. But I just dont know what to do.
284	real	My brother and spouse are raising their baby gender neutral. [End Title]: And I’ll respect that decision, but the aunt-to-be in me just wants to snuggle the baby and call it my beautiful “niece” or “nephew”.   Terminology of their decision TBD.... hmph.
889	real	The people who say that Texas “deserves what they are getting” are pissing me off beyond belief. [End Title]: I fucking hate going into a comment section here and seeing people talking about how Texas is “getting what it deserves” for not being part of the national power grid. The people that are suffering in Texas didn’t make these decisions, and even the ones that agreed with it had no idea this could happen. Yes the government and other prominent people down there are hypocrites and assholes but that doesn’t mean the whole state deserves to suffer.
951	real	I'm done [End Title]: I don't know why I'm writing this. I guess it's a fitting sub as I really just want to get it off my chest. The title says it. I'm just done, with everything. I have no idea why I lasted this long, or what for. Pretty sure the world would be the same if I never existed, maybe even better. One less kid to screw up in school, one less person clogging up public transportation, one more job for someone who can actually make a difference, less waste of money, space, resources, everything really. If you've bothered to read all of this, might as well take a laugh: the final trigger was that I got called out by my boss for being drowsy at work. Yes, it's that ridiculous, but it doesn't matter. Nothing does. I spend my days daydreaming about being someone else, going back in time and redoing all of my life. I spend hours in my own play pretend world, and life is just passing me by. Just trying to run away from the regret of the majority of the decisions I ever made.  To P, I know you'll never read this, but I'm so sorry, you deserved so much more. I hope you can have everything, and wish you all the best. I really do. To you, whoever you might be, I'm also sorry. Goodbye
294	real	I just suck so badly [End Title]: Not to some super extensive way, but just generally disappointed.  I have so many things I want to do. So many things I could've achieved. So many things I could've been.  But instead, I am who I am today. An unmotivated lazy 21 year old who just sucks.  I have always wanted to become better. Become more.... "Mature". Become something bigger than what I already am. I just haven't done it yet. I'm 21 years old an I literally have done absolutely nothing significant in my life that has impacted me for the better. I have interests. Dreams. Things I wanna do and achieve. But I'm literally so unmotivated to do any of it. I wanna skateboard and enjoy my time with a skill I have learnt instead of sitting on my phone. I have always always always wanted to be a DJ and make music and mix beats and make some playlists of music that I have created. But instead, I don't do it and I do something else that's useless. I wanna be good in university and be smart and achieve high marks. Instead I'm stupid and I barely get any marks worth celebrating.  I have so many things I wanna do, so many thoughts, so many hopes, but yet I don't put in much of an effort to do any of them even though I want to so badly. I recognize that I have ADHD and that it probably plays a big factor in many of these things. But still, I just suck. I'm just another human who just chills in the background and does nothing significant or worthy for himself or others... I just don't understand why I do this to myself... I don't get why I lack initiative... Why I lack skills or anything....  I only know that I suck.....  And if I don't reply back to any of your comments, it's because I'm so fortunate to have ADHD and one of the things that comes with it is being forgetful.... So I'm sorry in advance... :(   Edit: I just wanted to add that I also feel like I have no time for anything as well. I feel so rushed. Like I'm literally racing against the clock and I have no time to do the things I want to do. And when I do have time, I don't do anything
950	real	What do you call this? [End Title]: So I work, but I consider it under the table because there is no paper work involved. For example, Jobs on Craigslist, or any classifieds in the paper. What is the correct term for this line of work, and would I be able to obtain a credit card with a bank? I also have questions about financing a car but I have no paper proof of my income, I would say I make less than 20 thousand a year. The state I live in is California. It’s not easy out here but I know it’s possible. I will appreciate it if you guise can help thanks!
13	real	When older women flirt with me, I can't resist flirting back, even though I really shouldn't. [End Title]: There's so many reasons I should just nod and back off, but when an older woman with obvious confidence comments on my body, makes a flirtatious comment, I can't stop myself.   I signal back. I want it.
705	real	This is the worst birthday ever. [End Title]: It’s actually tomorrow, but this entire week as I’ve been trying to plan and get stuff done everything’s just fallen apart. I got into a bad car accident that ripped the entire front of my car clean off, all my friends canceled on me after not bothering to respond to me for two weeks about making plans to celebrate, and to top it off, this is the third bad birthday in a row. It seems like every year something bad happens. I’m tired of feeling sad and isolated especially since this year is a big number.  The year before, my boyfriend couldn’t afford to get me anything or take me out so I ended up paying for his meal. It didn’t feel like it was my special day...  Before that the electricity went out in my town JUST AS I ARRIVED AT A NICE RESTAURANT WITH MY FAMILY. We ended up stuck in a snow storm and the day I planned to celebrate with friends, a group of my “friends” tried to pass it off as not being my birthday and ignored me all night.  The year before that, my ex boyfriend had just dumped me not long before and all I could muster was drinking beer with a classmate and going home. I wanted to die.  I’m also especially sensitive about my birthday because I’ve had other painful childhood experiences with it...  I’ve struggled really hard with my mental health the last four years or so and the fact that I even reached this age is crazy to me. I really wish someone out there was just happy I managed to turn another year older...
515	real	My family is so bloody toxic. [End Title]: To give a little background - I promise, it makes sense going forwards.  Throughout my teen years, I was extremely mentally unwell and alcohol and illicit substances were my crutch throughout, I was an absolute nightmare. Attempts on my life, the full works. To cut a long story short, after incredible help in my early 20's, I managed to sort my life out and I am now working in the Mental Health Sector.  My sister is currently having a mental health crisis/breakdown, understandable considering she just got out of a very abusive marriage. It has gotten to the point where my parents had to take her in as she was at breaking point and we all couldn't guarantee she could keep herself, or her children safe. (The children are with other family members at this moment in time whilst she is with my parents). They asked if I could help, considering I have been through mental health and now work in it, which I was more than happy to do, at the end of the day, I owe them. Since being here, they have enabled her excessive drinking, made excuses for her throwing drinks over me and my dad in a drunken state "as a laugh" and flashing my housemate and over sharing explicits when she has dropped over my stuff - sister was drunk the whole time.  My sister started engaging in a relationship with a much younger guy (early 20's) and it has since gone sour as he met someone his own age. This has antagonised my sisters behaviour massively and she is hellbent on "destroying him". She has asked me and her friends to help her with this and we have obviously all said no, so now we are all apparently in cahoots together and therefore the enemy.  I have spoken to my parents about how lenient they are with her as I remember when I was unwell, I was threatened with being thrown out of the house simply for having a drink (excessive) but they need firm boundaries with her to which they got quite defensive and excused her previous behaviours because "she is going through a hard time" and "she is an adult".  She has once again asked me tonight to help her with her master plan to "destroy" this guy, to which I replied I wouldnt, as I dont think it would be beneficial for her and I think she should focus on things for herself, I also asked if she would consider apologising to my housemate as her behaviour did make her uncomfortable and it wasnt really appropriate. She then kicked off and started screaming how I'm an arsehole because of the things I did in the past - all of which I have apologised and have actively worked on making amends for - I understand my behaviour wasnt great back then and have done plenty in order to try and rectify that, never once have I ever made excuses for it.  My mum ends up coming downstairs and asking what she was kicking off about, to which I explained and my mum reluctantly agreed to have a word with her tomorrow as I have said I am going to return back to my own place as clearly I'm not doing any good being here.  Her friends have messaged me saying that they just dont know what to do as she just wont listen and she is so fixated on what she is doing - they also informed that the destructive pattern has been going on long before we were made aware.  I honestly just dont know what to do at this point, I am at breaking point with her and my parents arent really taking it seriously and excuse her behaviour which has caused serious friction in our relationship.  My sister has no intentions of changing or engaging in mental health services as she has never believed mental health exists anyway. Her ideal is drinking and younger lads - which you know what, if you can handle it appropriately, no issue, but she cant and she also has children she needs to prioritise.  I'm moving home tomorrow as I feel if I stay a second longer I wont even be on talking terms with my parents as they would rather excuse and enable her. I get that I was once the "troubled child" but why ask me to move in and help in a professional capacity if you arent even going to listen to what I am saying?  Part of me feels utter guilt because I feel I'm comparing it to how they were with me and that's why they simply wont acknowledge what I am saying, the other half feels completely defeated as a professional.  My sister is so toxic and she is seriously destroying our family with her behaviour and my parents are for allowing it.
751	real	Read this when you can’t sleep. [End Title]: You will find another, one who you connect with on the deepest level possible, and you won’t have to beg for their love because it will come naturally to them to love you as you need.   You deserve a great love, a love that makes you forget all of the times you’ve been hurt and makes the scars disappear. They will make you so happy you won’t remember what it’s like to be broken.  They will make you feel like you are the only one in their eyes. Wait for that love.
356	real	Party went to shit for me [End Title]: Girl I have been talking to in a pretty good way ( I thought it was definitely going somewhere) just completely blanked me very obviously on purpose and then proceeded to be very touchy feely with all of my mates. I couldn't enjoy the night at all after that and I ended just faking being happy at all.
121	real	Remorse, Support Only, I regret that I couldn't be more forgiving and now you are in the hospital and near death. You were emotionally abusive but I should have found a way to forgive before it was too late. I'm sorry it's ending this way GRANDMA! [End Title]: Remorse, Support Only! I fell in love with my husband after finding what felt like my soul mate. Some one I could talk with, laugh with, cry with and share my dreams with and travel with! We were happy but before finding our own  place we made the mistake of moving in with my husband's grandparents and that's when a strain was put on our relationship. My husband had to go out of state for almost 2 months to ready our old home to be sold while we finished relocating and I stayed with his grandparents to take care of them which included doctors appointments, grocery shopping and driving them around or whatever else they needed. I got along great with my husband's grandpa as he was kind to me and made me laugh sometimes but the grandma was emotionally abusive  She called me fat after I just had a miscarriage and gave me evil looks if i wanted to go outside and walk a little or just go to the gym room She would say don't play games with me in a mean and angry voice while I did everything I could to be good with her. I took her to doctors appointments and stayed with her till she was seen even with long wait times. I took her grocery shopping to Costco, publix  and old navy. I found her very hard to find persimmons. I cleaned her floor and helped her when the shelf to her fridge was stuck but she treated me with cruelty all the time and made me cry every night. In a last effort to make peace I treated to her two favorite foods and surprised her and brought home kfc and subway. I even got krispy creams for dessert and she was angry that I didn't check with her first but eagerly ate the food while I got the missing thank you from my husband's grandpa. I continued to cry every nite and the stress made my hair fall out. I begged my husband to let me leave as I was miserable there but he  insisted I stay there. I lost a lot of my hair and a lot of weight and when my husband returned home he complained to his grandma for not treating me better but it put a strain on our relationship. Soon after we moved out to our own place about 30 or 40 minutes away with traffic. We were doing better for a while and had our beautiful Baby girl who is now 15 months old. I tried to make peace and start fresh with my husband's grandma but again she continued to be mean, insulting and disrespectful to me. I bought her a birthday present and she refused to accept it. I asked her to please stop mispronouncing my babys name or stop using it and she ignored me completely. I asked her to please not wake the baby up and she ignored me. After the last argument i stopped trying to be good with her. Now she is in the hospital and is near death and fighting for her life. She has a surgery Monday that she might not wake up from. She told my husband to tell me she loves me but my husband is angry at me for not forgiving her when she might die from not waking up from her surgery on Monday. I did call her and say that I know she is a very strong lady and a fighter and that I think she can beat this but I'm sorry that I can't bring myself to forgive her! Does this make me an awful person? I feel bad and lost and sad and not quite sure what to do. I feel really sad that there is a strain on my marriage as I love my husband very much! Why can't I forgive? What should I do? Should I call and wish her luck for tomorow and try to end on good terms before she dies? She was emotionally abusive to me when i was nice to her. She was horrible and the stress made my hair fall out and I wear a wig  now. Should I make up with her just so my husband won't be angry at me? She ruined my life! She is so disrespectful to the nurses in the hospital that they sedated her. What should I do? Thank you in advance for any and all advice!
621	real	I've finally broke it off with a toxic friend and I've never felt more free. [End Title]: At first, it really hurt to refuse to check our shared group chats, to not respond to him @-ing me, to ignore him totally, but now I feel way better. No more constant arguments, no more feeling shitty about myself...  I even started going out with a girl I like. I've had time and energy to go on 3 dates with her already. And the confidence, too! I can't believe I let this guy who was a jerk to me from the start make me feel like such utter crap.
909	real	I've never hated anything as much as I hate myself [End Title]: I struggle with anxiety and depression, which has gotten worse the last few years. I can't really sum it all up in any other way than "I hate myself".  I wish I could just be happy, carefree, funny, social, personable, witty.  But I can't imagine those words ever describing me. I've disliked myself my whole life. Growing up, I was shy, and my mom constantly told me how bad it was to be shy. I grew up thinking there was something wrong with me and I guess that feeling never went away. I've forever felt like an outsider...excluded from groups because I was too shy, because I looked different (I'm mixed race and let's just say I look nothing like my parents), because I was from a different place, because I wasn't part of the in group. I've moved around so much and never had a settled group of friends in one place. I feel so alone, so jaded and hateful for what I went through as a child and teenager and now adult. I feel hate towards myself for pitying myself, since I know many people go through these things and end up fine...  I have IBS and lately it is depressing me so much. I'm running to the bathroom multiple times every morning at work, feeling disgusting from what I do in the bathroom and hoping to God that no one notices how much I get up. It feels like I have on and off food poisoning and it's exhausting and disgusting and draining - emotionally and physically. Even though I'm 26 and accomplished and have an amazing boyfriend, I still hate myself, I hate the diseases I have, I hate my own feelings, I hate how I can't deal with anything without breaking down and crying.   My birthday is coming up and I feel so much anxiety towards throwing a party that I just wish I could skip it. Last year I was so anxious about friends coming over to celebrate my birthday that I got really fucked up so I wouldn't remember my birthday. It's like I'm so anxious they're going to think I'm lame, annoying, boring, or have no friends.   I don't even want to go home for Christmas because I feel so many upset and angry feelings at my parents for moving me around in childhood and shaming me for being shy. Christmas is usually my favorite time of year. I've been trying so hard to remain in good spirits, but inevitably, my depression comes back and ruins it all.   I just feel so low and disgusting and hateful and hated. I fully realize I am pitying myself, which makes me hate myself even more. The people that I do have in my life are so wonderful and don't deserve this. They don't deserve to have to deal with my psycho ass crying all the time.   I just can't stop the emotions, it feels like they're going to burst out of my chest. I feel so low and broken and I guess I just needed to vent.
895	real	I got into a pretty bad car accident today. The only thing I was thinking was that I was glad I wouldn’t have to be at work. [End Title]: I was in a Lyft on my way to work and halfway there my driver decided to try and cut in front of a really big Mack truck. He ended up in front of it but he came up on a blind spot so the truck never really saw us. The driver of the truck smashed completely into the drivers side of the vehicle and wasn’t able to break fast enough so we were almost tipped over. I wasn’t badly injured I have back pain and a really sore neck from whiplash I’m guessing. But the problem is that I’m actually disappointed that I have to go back to work soon. I wanted to be hurt.
983	real	Losing feelings [End Title]: You try so hard to deny it, but it's happening. You watch as the thing that once meant the world to you is gradually becoming less and less important to you. You try to brush it off saying it's probably just 'burnout' and it will get better if you take a break from it. If it's a relationship, you tell the other person you should take a break. If it's a hobby, you deliberately try to stay away from it, thinking that it's just a phase and the passion will come back. But the days keep going and you notice you've been thinking about it less and less. A few weeks ago, you couldn't take your mind off it, now it's becoming a distant memory. Then one day it hits you: you're not in love anymore. You start to feel a hole inside of you, it feels like something is missing. It hurts but there's nothing you can do about it.   I hate it. I hate it. I hate watching the things I used to love fall apart. I hate it when I can feel how I'm gradually becoming more and more distant from something that I used to love dearly. It's happened to me with both people and hobbies. It hurts equally. And the worst thing is - you lost these things forever. They will never be part of your life again. You lost a part of yourself.
472	real	If you don't like being ghosted, don't ghost others. period. [End Title]: Like the title says. Don't do something to others, that you don't want it to be done to you. Even if one person decided to do something good, it does create a positive impact. Not so phenomenal but still a significant one. If you don't have balls to face a person, don't talk to them in the first place. Giving closure is better than keeping that person guessing on why in the fucking hell you stopped replying all of a sudden.  When A ghosts B. B gets a natural feeling that well "I got ghosted so why can't I ghost others?". So B ghosts C. C ghosts D and this goes on. This becomes a chain. Once it becomes famous it becomes a trend, kind of like a "cool " thing to do to others. Like " Hey I ghosted her/him isn't that cool? ". Sometimes you might have ghosted someone bc that person was annoying as hell, but guess what! telling that person that he/she is annoying and that's the reason you don't want to talk;  is better than - \*fine I will ghost you and make you guess 100 fucking reasons on why the fuck I ghosted you\*.  Don't be sad when you ghosted someone and then later some other random person ghosted you. It's no coincidence, its karma. Kind of like a chain I explained before.  If you don't like the whole ghosting culture, don't be a part of it, don't add more to it. Just stop and get the courage to tell them the truth as to why you no longer want to waste your time talking to that person. Moreover, sometimes when you tell a person why you feel uncomfortable talking to them - it helps.  Last time someone told me "why he doesn't want to talk with me " (instead of ghosting me) it made me reflect on myself (my overall behavior) and honestly, it helped me in self-improvement. Yes it was bitter to hear but it helped me. Remember when your parents tell you "how you were being a bad kid" it's not because they hate you but bc they want you to improve as a person. So yeah this works the same way if you think it that way. If you take it positively and decide to self reflect it can actually help you.  END OF RANT. Thank you for reading. have a nice day :) .
477	real	A girl that likes me told me to wait a year before I move on so she can get her life figured out [End Title]: A girl that has a huge crush on me was going through a lot in her life and as the title says she asked me if I could wait a year before I move on (I had some type of feelings for her too). It’s been about a year now and I’m pretty sure she’s forgotten but I haven’t. She’s told me multiple times she loves and she will forever love me even when she’s been in relationships with other people( before the promise she made me ofc). At this point I don’t want to be with her anymore but she’s pretty hot and I wanna smash.  Idk if I should hit her up tonight and remind her about her promise. I feel like it’ll bring up some emotional shit that I wouldn’t want her to deal with right now especially with all this corona shit.
863	real	I'm sorry that I love you [End Title]: Thank you for always being there for me. Through the crazy years in high school, the fights, your jealous girlfriends, depression both yours and mine. Thank you for holding me in your arms and wiping away my tears when I felt my life was falling apart, I will never forget your kind words. Thank you for always encouraging me to be my best and to try to be happy. Thank you for being my safe place when I couldn't reach you, thoughts of you in my mind saved my life a thousand times. When I wanted to die, you were on my mind. How could I ever repay your acts of friendship if I wasn't alive? Thank you for always treating me with respect and kindness, I trust you more than anyone else. Thank you for always being my friend, even through the times we didn't speak. Even through the time I abandoned you because my ex controlling bf told me to. Thank you for your forgiveness. Thank you for loving me like family even though you can't say the words. Thank you for always listening to me when I need to talk. Thank you for accepting me for who I am.  I'm sorry that I can't help that I'm in love with you. But I'm trying to see you as only my friend, my family. I will always love you, and I'm sorry for the trouble it's caused.   I love you, Eric. I am truly blessed to have you in my life.
955	real	I feel like such a failure and waste of space and I am turning 18 today [End Title]: I kind of haven’t saved up money when I was 15 and kind of just bought what I wanted with it. I never really had a lot of support like friends or anything, and have been bullied, so my mental health has always not been the best. I homeschooled on and off until high school.   I was well sick of high school by freshman year so I just wanted a change. However, this may have been a huge mistake. I got bullied like crazy at school. I already had some minor anxiety but high school just completely destroyed my mental health. I started to develop depression freshman year. When summer hit I was just so exhausted and overwhelmed with all my new issues, I couldn’t bring myself to do anything. I just sort of sat around. No friends, no fun, nothing, just passed time. The same thing happened softmore year, except it was even worse and my issues began to get very severe to the point where I can no longer comfortably hang out with my family.   I took Junior year essentially off in a private program to recharge. However, I sort of just used the extra time I had to slack off. I just started to develop an apathy towards life: “nothing else is fun and my life is already hard enough, so I am just going to take it easy”. Turned out, I had to catch up on work that I hadn’t finished this summer, that took up most of my summer. I just wanted to relax and get a compete break before I went back senior year, so I just played more video games.   Today I turned 18 and I am just realizing that I am so behind: no drivers license, no car, no steady job, no friends, no credit card, no passions, no skills, and a lack of maturity and responsibility. I was recently diagnosed with ADHD so I can cut myself a little bit of slack, but I still feel like I am a total waste of space. I am realizing that I have no way to pay my parents for any kind of rent because I am broke over this last year. I have a plan after high school that they are happy with, but I just feel like an asshole for not contributing and being a total child. I have had to deal with this kind of shame, which has made me terrified to go out onto the road where people might judge me from my high school. I could go more in depth about my numerous mental issues, but in short, no matter how hard I fight my issues only get worse or I don’t get anywhere. It is a helpless place to be and I just feel ashamed to be this far behind at 18. Not to mention my overall health due to stress, lack of activity, and bad hygiene leave me looking like a 14 yo.
295	real	Abandonment/Childhood trauma and talking 'loud' [End Title]: **TW: Childhood trauma; abandonment**  As an only child, I was often left alone for long periods of time (days at a time) as my parents were both addicts of different sorts. One was an alcoholic and one was drugs. I didn't have consistent, normal human interaction and not many friends (as it turns out, people don't want their kids going over to your house when your parents are high or drunk). Oftentimes, I would be talked over or constantly ignored when I was speaking, if I was acknowledged at all.   I'm often told that I 'talk loud.' I don't realize I'm doing it and as soon as I'm told, immediately become self-aware and embarrassed. I usually interpret 'lower your voice' as *stop being obnoxious o*r s*top talking, no one wants to hear you*.  **Today, at 31 years old and after many years of therapy, I realized that I very likely talk** ***loud*** **as a byproduct of my childhood and out of fear that I won't be** ***heard or acknowledged.***
729	real	By my eyes I work the hardest, by theres im a lazy bump on a log [End Title]: I just want to speak my mind somewhere so that I can get by current frate train of thought out of my head and get some sleep.   I am a 17 year old highschool student, and I have always been the type to do pretty well in school, I am also an ice hockey referee. In what little spare time I have, I try to stream on twitch and make the occasional YouTube video. It is more or less my dream to be able to stream on twitch and make videos for a living, but expectations of other people are getting in the way.   I am aware that it is important to do well in school and it is a great opportunity to have a job in highschool. But my parents and sister don't see it that way. I spend 70% of my day now working on summer school work and such because I need to catch up on that before highschool rolls around again soon. I have myself on a schedule to get all of my work done in plenty of time before school comes back.  My problem is, I really enjoy streaming on twitch even though I often have very little time to do so, and even when I do, I often need to leave in thw middle to help unload a dishwasher or take out trash. Ny younger sister on the other hand, spends 90% of her time with her friends or watching youtube, but she happens to be a star athlete with her time. When asked to do chores he often either outright refuses or says she will do them and waits until my parents get fed up with them not being done and ask me to do them. With the homework side of things I often spend lots of my time on school nights helping her with her homework.  Knowing this, guess who is the lazy bump on a log according to my parents... me. My dream of being a streamer is a pipe dream, I spend too much time playing videogames, even though they somehow consider being in my room being antisocial and playing videogames even if I am doing homework.   I finally got top fed up today when the yearly test and classes to bw a referee came up. At 1 in the morning. I had to get up and help my mom register me for a class which she wanted me to take a day before school starts (16 days from now) this class doesn't need to be taken until the end of November. Before this class is taken you are required to take a 50 question, open book assignment that usually takes about 5 hours because the questions are intentionally difficult and obscure. You are also required to view about 10 hours of video modules, then take a closed book test during the class.  I simply responded by saying "I think I should take the test later because I just don't have time to do school work and all of those things before they are due"  I am now grounded from seeing any of my friends or my girlfriend until all of my schoolwork is done, even though I explained the schedule I already had to get my work done in time.   Sorry about length. I just needed to make sure someone knows what I'm thinking, any support of any kind would bw greatly appreciated. Thank you for at least reading this.
378	real	I went to a gig! [End Title]: I haven’t been to see a band for almost 10 years. 10 years ago, I had a nervous breakdown that resulted in horrendous anxiety, panic attacks and agoraphobia. I didn’t leave the house for 6 months at the height of it, and while For a long time I considered myself to be OK, my life has pretty much consisted of getting up, taking my kid to school, coming home and not going out again until the next morning for most of that 10 year period.  I don’t know what happened, but about a year ago, I just felt better. Normal, almost. I’ve been slowly working my way up to doing things, I can go shopping by myself, I can speak to people, I’ve started to work out and generally feel like I felt before the anxiety hit.   There was a band on locally last night and I suggested to my husband that we go. It was in a small bar on a warm day, two things that would have previously terrified me. I got dressed, and we went. That was it. There was no overthinking, no pacing back and forth, no making excuses to stay home. We walked to the bar, we watched the band, it was hot and absolutely rammed and they were fucking LOUD but also fucking amazing and we left and had cheesy garlic pizza bread on the way home and it was one of the best evenings I’ve had in almost 10 years.  The next thing on my to do list is taking a train somewhere. Then that’s me, back. “Normal.” It’s taken a while, but it feels good.
641	real	I have a deep hatred of the US army and its veterans (excluding WWII vets) and I honestly don't see why they're so heavily worshipped [End Title]: They're either war criminals who fought to dismantle socialist governments so the US could make more money or war criminals who killed brown people to steal their oil.
753	real	My mom denied me from applying to universities through Questbridge [End Title]: I just want to rant on here because this is just really upsetting me. I started my QB application today because I wanted to have a better chance of being considered for admission to top schools like Princeton, Johns Hopkins, Amherst, Yale etc. I had a 3.5 gpa out of 4.0 and I was going to take the SAT in September, October and November. I filled out all of the other forms that were before the financial part of my application.   When she came home, I went to my mother to help me fill that part out and she asked me what Questbridge was. I told her it was a nonprofit that helped students with excellent grades from low income families get into top colleges with full ride scholarships for 4 years. She asked me if they need her SSN number and I told her no. For some reason, she said no and she said that it was just a scam and it wasn’t worth. I looked at her with an angry and confused glare and was wondering in my mind if she REALLY meant that. We then started arguing about the legitness of QB. I tried to convince her more but I then she started angrier. I decided that I wouldn’t continue with this because it was already clear what her stance was on the subject. She started telling me that I would get scholarships even without QB and then I just went up stairs.   I get that fact that you would want to be very conscious of your SSN and your information on the internet because it is your whole life but she didn’t even do her own research about QB and came to tell me (the person that looked up it’s credibility to make sure that it wasn’t a scam) a scam. I just told her what it was and she just said no to it like she knew all about it and knew it better than me. I’m sorry if this is too much. Please tell me a better reason to why she didn’t want me use it because I can’t think of others.
58	real	All my good friends are going away slowly one by one and im just standing here worrying [End Title]: In jr high school i used to hang out with two other guys(johnand mike) i had the greatest time with them in 9th grade john left and went to live in the distant suburbs and visited us on Saturdays, on 10th grade mike moved abroad briefly but came to my country  away from my area but still on Saturdays all three of us would meet at my house,meanwhile i hanged out with two other guys (nick,joe) that joined another group so i naturally i did too but the new group was kinda toxic and dangerous not my type at all so i abandoned them but kept tabs with joe,then i gradually mikestarted getting distant so i only hanged out with john Then i met Anthony,he is my most casual friend we hang out every day because we live very close.  After nearly two years hanging out with Anthony every day ,once a week with joe and john on Saturdays ,john told me he would go abroad to study and he did john is a very dear friend of mine so i felt very sad because we go way back and we used to jam together but still i had the company of anthony which i enjoy and he plays music too so it was ok   Joe and i had some nice time we would hang out with another classmate steve and we became friends they weres my non musician friends  normal guys and i had the most extroverted time with them but because joe and steve where parts of other groups we didnt go out too much,joe left too to work as an apprentice with his father on a cruise ship 5 months is coming back in may,steve left to serve in the army  (mandatory in my country) last Friday wi ll be away for a year  ,and Anthony told me he plans on studying on another city that is 200km until then we meet once a week because he studies   and me in just sitting with the same old shit waking up every day at 5 in the morning to go to a culinary school  60km away i fucking hate while i should be studying music or art ,biting my nails,obsessing and panicking walking around my house tidying up whatever i can to relieve my stress then panicking again because i spend 5 hours a day commuting while i could practice music repeat   I swear to god i have hit the lowest point of my the only thing keeping me here is the art classes i attend my guitar,my saxophone, muddy waters and Charlie parker, fuck
798	real	What happened [End Title]: They stopped putting an input to our conversations, doesn’t want to meet up anymore, tries to avoid me. You were so nice and sweet three days ago what happened? Hopefully things can go to normal and we could meet up. I’ll leave you alone for now.
371	real	Repost: This has got to be one of the fucking WORST videos I've seen on YouTube [End Title]: "Korean artist paints hell" is the name of the video if you're curious, since i can't post a link.   Like seriously, what the fuck is this shit? As a Christian I really despise videos like this. I've seen kids in the comment section scared that they're gonna go to hell for something so small like play video games or some shit.   This woman claimed that she went to hell and back and later painted what she saw, but in my personal opinion, I think this woman is fucking mentally ill and needs help. The images that she painted are obviously very disturbing and nightmare fuel. I first viewed this video when I was 13 and was since scared that i would go to hell for watching tv because its "seen as satanic" or some stupid bullshit like that but later came to the realization that this video was all just a bunch of fucking nonsense.   The woman in the video is clearly trying to project fear into people when it really goes against Christian values. As a Christian, this NOT how you get people to following in God's path, this is the wrong way to do it and this video is a prime example of that.  Later in the video, or another part to this video, it shows an 8 year old kid being tortured in hell for viewing pornographic images. Why THE FUCK would an 8 year old child be tormented in hell for viewing something that he doesn't understand yet?   There's also another segment in the video where a man is also tortured in hell for committing suicide. The man was tired of life and was severely depressed and wanted to end the pain. And instead of going to paradise like he hoped and be in a better place, he is instead tortured in hell for all eternity for wanting to get away from the world. Why? Wouldn't having him in hell make his pain even worse?   I just don't understand this shit. Why the fuck is this video even on YouTube anyway?   When we misbehave, my mother forced me and my siblings to watch this piece of shit.  If you're a parent and you forced your kids to watch this,  projecting fear into them for just being KIDS, then you're a fucking horrible human being.   Videos like this really fucking piss me off and is a terrible representation of what Christianity is about; which is love and acceptance.  This fucking woman right here, gives Christianity a bad name.  Its been a long time since I saw this video when i was pretty young. And still to this day remember the nightmarish images in the video and will forever haunt me.
271	real	Suffering from OCD is not "cool" or you have "funny" situations [End Title]: It's not like in the movies it's not like in Monk, it just isn't like that. I have been in therapy, but today is one of those days that I am just so tired and fucked up. I hate it, I hate that I can't be a normal person, I hate that I can't enjoy my life like a normal human being, that my own mind is my enemy so I can't run from it, I just can't say like "hey I am going to avoid certain topic or certain people that triggers it" because, the more you don't want to think about something, the more you are going to think it.  I hate it, I hate my life, I hate that I was born with this shit. I truly just want to have a normal life, but that seems impossible and it so frustrating.
974	real	I should have many Restraining orders against me [End Title]: First off for the record I was a complete psychopath between the grades 7 and 10  Anyways grade 7 I became obsessed with being in a relationship. I was also super shallow (only liked girls based on looks) and also super shy (would pay my friends $2 to ask out the girls this was grade 7 only).   In grade 7 there was probably 7 girls I liked 5 in grade 8 and 2 in my grade. I would asked them out 5 times each recess about 15 times a day.    Grade 8 was around 7 girls same pattern  Grade 9 there became about 5 girls. I remember I asked out 1 like 21 times in the first 2 weeks of school. That was 9 days of school. I had one period with her.   Grade 10 I met this girl online named Emma. We talked everyday I fell in love with her. One day she was telling me about her new bf I called her a slut. She got made. I proceeded to harass and technically stalk her to the point where it broke her and her boyfriend up. I then occasionally messaged her a couple times a year.   I am super lucky not to be looking at about 20 restraining orders possibly jail time. I have learned a great deal from this and even thought I put all these girls through what I would consider to be hell I would do it again. I feel the life lessons I learned from those 4 years are ones that I would have learned later in life possibly and then I might now have been as lucky
169	real	This year has been the hardest year of my life. [End Title]: I’ve had so much anxiety and 24/7 feelings of dissociation. It never stops.   It just feels like I’m falling.   I wish I can go back to how things were before, but I know now this is our new normal.   Some days I have to make a list in my head on why to keep going...I’m only in my 20’s I know I have my whole life ahead of me but- sometimes it doesn’t feel like it’s worth it.   To anyone feeling the same way, keep fighting, keep pushing, get back up, it’s okay to have bad days, I believe in you!!
239	real	Fuck buddies with my couch [End Title]: When I was younger I learned online about fucking your couch. Basically, you put lube in a latex glove and stick the glove in between the cushions of your couch. Then you stick it in and go ham on it. I remember I tried it and it felt AMAZING. My couch was pretty tight (if you stuck your finger in between it felt squished so imagine my cock in between). I would fuck it like 2 to 3 times a week and I’d watch POV doggystyle to make it seem like I was actually fucking. Years later and it seems as though it actually was good practice.
207	real	I’ve lied to my parents about having my medical marijuana card [End Title]: I’m a college student who loves Cannabis. But here is the scary part. I’m majoring in criminal justice. My parents who have dumped ( $40,000 x 3 ) into my schooling with no idea that I have no chance getting into this field. Because of a decision to get my medical marijuana card. I at first got it to be safe about everything. I wasn’t scared to drive with anything in my car. I liked the idea of buying safe cannabis that had state regulations. But I was thinking short term at the time. Not about how it could affect me later on.   I don’t know what to do or say. I hate myself for it, &amp; wasn’t thinking about what it could do to my future at the time. How do I tell my parents who think I’m going to be in the service field that I can’t anymore because of a stupid choice? The guilt is pouring in. They have such big expectations coming out of me &amp; told me that it was all worth it.   How do I tell them   Help
358	real	I don’t know how to deal with stress... and I accidentally lash out on some people. [End Title]: I just feel so awful right now. I’m so stressed about my classes in University and my exams and my parents are just asking for too much from me even though I’ve told them that I don’t have much time. Today, I lashed out on my Dad because I can’t deal with stress and I tend to bottle up everything and then my dad got mad at me and now we’re not talking. I tried apologizing but he won’t talk to me and told me that I think too highly of myself and that I “Have nothing to be proud of yet because I don’t even have a degree.” And that if I hate school so much that, “...just stop school if your going to act like that.” That part hurts so much because I already feel like a complete dummy in University surrounded by so many smart people and hearing that just shattered me. Now I’m crying while working on my PowerPoint presentation that I have to present tomorrow morning because I can’t deal with stress properly and now my Dad is mad at me. I’m 100% positive that he’ll tell my mom and since both of them are Asian parents, they’ll tear me to shreds on how ungrateful I am and how dumb I am that I don’t even have a degree yet at my age compared to their friends’ kids who have already graduated and are far along in life. God, I want to keep crying but I literally can’t because I have this stupid PowerPoint and an exam tomorrow. FML... why did I even exist...
874	real	r/femaledatingstrategy is a cesspool [End Title]: I am tired of seeing extremists on both sides of the sexism spectrum. The kill-all-men women, the “nice-guy” men, the “empowered” on each side. I’m so fucking sick of it. Everyone is so polar. Side note: Posts from FDS keep coming onto my timeline. How the fuck do I make their bullshit go away.
600	fake	I’m a furry [End Title]: So pretty much I liked to draw/animate dogs and OCs and stuff because it was fun and then all the friends were like your a furry and after that I was just classified as a furry. OwO 🔮W🔮 uwu :3 X3 ⭐️w⭐️ ;3 &gt;:3
509	real	I have feelings for my massage therapist and she's moving soon. [End Title]: Been one of her patients for over a year and regularly go twice a month. She recently told me she's moving to an area I've been wanting to move for many years which is about 7 hours away. I'm already in a committed relationship but these are some strong feelings. She's easy to talk to, we agree on many topics, and her personality I find the most attractive.
434	real	Starved from attention [End Title]: I think from the day I was born I always wanted more and more attention. (Is this middle child syndrome??)  Since I was young, I tried really hard to always do better than my siblings, talk to a lot of boys, and wear clothes that are revealing. I remember feeling so good about myself when I was flirting and talking to boys. If I was bored of one conversation I would just go to the next one. (I was going through a hoe phase. It lasted when I was 18 - 21 years old)  Now, at 23 years old, I'm in a long term relationship with my boyfriend so I don't actively go out and find attention somewhere else. I mean sometimes I feel like I want more attention and it's always when I feel starved for attention, a guy I used to date or sleep with pops up on my feed or watches my stories. I get really excited and I start thinking about them again.  Am I the only one like this?
585	real	I listen to ariana grande, taylor swift, charlie XcX [End Title]: This isnt that special, but if anyone in my life found out they would be baffeled, as i normaly listen to bands like sabaton and powerwolf
34	real	Being 18 doesn't mean I can't be in love. [End Title]: (Trigger warning ahead for anyone who suffers with harming)   I [18M] managed to somehow fall in love with a close friend [17F] and I didn't realise, not until she got into a relationship April last year anyway. Then it hit me, the pain was like nothing I've ever felt before. I suffer from Depression, Anxiety and PTSD thanks to a bit of a messy upbringing so I know how mental pain feels but this is different. It genuinely felt like someone put my heart and lungs into a vacuum pack bag and just turned on the Henry when she told me, I literally fainted in the shop from it. Yet, according to my mother and some 'friends' I'm not in love and I'm just doing it for attention. I mean I'm not, id love it if I was and I could just stop feeling this way but I very much can't - I've tried. Everytime she spends time with him or goes to his house I find myself crying into depression naps or just cutting myself to try and relocate the pain. Like I do it so I can focus on my leg/arm and get over that pain bc the shit in my chest just can't be forgotten about that easily. I know how old I am so please stop reminding me, I don't care what age you fell in love for the first time alright, this shit sucks ass, it hurts and it's really fucking with my already shitty mental health. I'm sick of people telling me I'm too young to feel love, what's this then if that's true? I'm sure no-one will read this but I just needed to get it off my chest and it anyone did read it I'm going to see my Doctor tomorrow and will try and get help for my harming, somewhat doubtful however.... And anyone else who might be feeling heartbreak, unrequited love or even just lonely, I feel you, I get you and it has to get better eventually... And finally to any blokes out there struggling with their mental health please get help, I'm shitting bricks for my appointment tomorrow but it's definitely a step in the right direction, too many men are taking their own lives, be more than a statistic.
634	real	I am so proud of myself for surviving another year [End Title]: Trying to absorb all that was 2019 and I can’t believe I made it here. There were moments of intense darkness that swallowed me whole. I grew out of relationships that didn’t serve me, or I didn’t serve them. That’s okay. I continued to work out and eat well and nearly achieved my ideal weight. I felt the insane pressure to succeed, find my path, ignite and my future and just go, go, go. I pushed myself to be comfortable in uncomfortable situations. I was patient with myself for not having it together all the time. I embraced solitude and allowed myself to be. I made it through 4 years of being clean. I lived on my own for 6 months abroad. I graduated from university. I just want to give myself some credit for once and thank myself for continuing the good fight. I am only 21 and I have grown in many ways. I know more but I also realized I know nothing. This new year is going to be challenging. I am feeling unsure about what is coming next but I am ready.
433	fake	The only common denominator [End Title]: (Delete)
311	real	I cried watching Spirited Away for the first time in years. [End Title]: It's all in the title. But back then I was too young to appreciate everything so great about the film, but I watched it again a few minutes ago and, I gotta say, I realized why Spirited Away is such a masterpiece. The music, characters, story, animation, it all had that nostalgic feeling while I also found new things to love about it. While I was watching it I had several moments where I wanted to tear up a bit, but I just couldn't hold them back once the credits started. I was crying tears of joy because of how much I love Spirited Away, but I was also crying tears of sadness because I realized Spirited Away only had this one film and nothing else. The rest of the story is up to us, the viewers, to fill in. If any of you haven't watched Spirited Away, you are missing out on alot. Anyway, thanks for reading my happy/sad rant.
701	fake	Is everyone suddenly antisocial or did everyone agree to stop replying to me, everywhere? [End Title]: Yes, that’s self-absorbed, but I’ve messaged 8 people and only one has gotten back to me. My posts aren’t getting comments. My comments aren’t getting replies.
475	fake	I still periodically visit the page of someone i got into a reddit fight with when starting to use reddit and downvote everything they post and comment. [End Title]: It waa a very minor argument. But my first one on Reddit and it holds a special, petty (oh so petty) place in my heart. One day I'll grow up and stop. But until then, i vow to make his comments and posts as unfruitful as possible.
331	real	My bunny died and it’s my fault [End Title]: My bunny was free roam rabbit which meant she didn’t sleep in a cage, she just roams around like any pet cat or dog would but she only stayed upstairs where my room is since she was too small to climb up and down the stairs. The cat in the house never bothered her so I thought she’d be safe and I have nothing to worry about.   A few nights ago there was an extremely heavy rain and the electricity in my house went out. I was in the middle of something on my phone and I had no data so I was rushing to try and get the electricity back on. I went downstairs with my mom to call my brother so he could check if it was just a power trip. My brother’s room is in a separate building behind my house so when I opened the door to call for him, a stray cat came in. I just thought that my mom would bring the cat back out while I try call for my brother. That was not the case. I never thought the cat would run upstairs but it did. My mom never saw the cat either since it was dark.   When I went back in the house, I was just talking to my mom while my brother went to check the fuse box or something (i’m not really sure).I walked to the stairs, saw the cat and noticed it was already carrying my bunny in its mouth. Of course, I panicked and the cat let go of my bunny. She was moving around, squealing and she bled a lot too. After a while, she kept quiet and just stood there. It was already 12am so I couldn’t bring her to a vet. I took her upstairs and didn’t sleep for the whole night trying to take care of her. The electricity wasn’t helping either since it was out the whole night.   After an hour or so, I thought she was fine since she stopped bleeding, started cleaning herself, and she was jumping around. I knew there was still something wrong with her since she was still quiet. I thought she’d survive and I could bring her to the vet in time. The next morning, the electricity was back on. So I was laying on my bed, going through my phone when suddenly she started spazzing. I don’t know if it was a heart attack, a stoke or a seizure but after that she just laid there lifeless. At that point no doubt she was already dead and I couldn’t do anything but regret letting the cat in.   I wrapped her body in newspaper and put her in the same box i brought her home with. My brother helped me bury her in my backyard. I couldn’t follow cause I was so heartbroken. I always felt lonely in the house and she would always be there for me. Everywhere I go, she’d lay next to me and start grooming my hand. I miss waking up to her jumping on my bed and trying to eat my hair. I miss her getting excited every time I was about to fill her hay feeder. I miss her jumping on the dustpan every time I swept the floor.   I know it probably sounds stupid to be sad over a pet bunny but she was my best friend.
473	real	I put ketchup on the playgrounds in 4th grade. [End Title]: I remember this vividly, I was kind of mad that I got in trouble at the time but honestly it was one of the most funniest things ever, now that I think of it.  I was with one of my friends named Fidel, we were like the class clowns of this elementary.  So, Valentine’s day comes, and you know we have a party with cupcakes and such- we had a decent sugar rush so we came up with a scheme. To just cover the playground in ketchup.  We knew this was a good idea because the teachers had a plan to release all the students from every grade to the play ground at once as a special valentine’s day thing.  We sneak out of class and run to the cafeteria and grab a handful of ketchup packets, and we go back to class.  We’re just eagerly waiting for recess, we had such a great plan.  The time comes, and they start having everyone line up in the basketball court- which was maybe 100 feet away from the playground.  The kids start lining up, and we just race past them running towards the playground and we just start pouring ketchup on handles, swing sets, slides, and on top of the monkey bars.  We hide behind this rock wall thing and we’re just giggling our asses off.  One of the teachers blow a whistle and we just hear all the kids screaming in joy running to the playground. We see them all jump on the playground, on the swings- and down the slides.  And all you hear from people is “ewwww” and this one girl on the swings somehow knew I did it and they just said “I’m gonna snitch on you!” and they run to the teacher and tell on me.  I got a conduct note which is a note you have to take to your parents explaining what you did wrong and they have to sign it.  It gave my parents a really good laugh.
615	real	Grandparents getting older [End Title]: I feel a lot of anxiety whenever I go to visit my grandparents - specifically one side of the family (they're in their 90s, whereas the others are late 70s) because I pay attention to every difference. My grandma has gone through periods of being ill, but has recovered each time, although she is getting worn down over time. She can't walk that much anymore, she looks very tired, she twitches a lot and keeps catching infections. My grandpa is still doing pretty well: walking, exercising, being active but he is starting to lag as well. I know this is very normal as people get older but it makes me so anxious. I pay attention to every time my grandma twitches, or coughs, or shivers as if she is about to collapse. She got a nasty infection a few months ago and had to go to hospital and was basically catatonic, but she improved. I know everyone probably goes through this but it's very anxiety-inducing.
7	real	Shit. It’s Happening Again. [End Title]: When I 1st started having addiction issues in 2014, it was new to me. Had never seen friends or family struggle with it, so I had no reference.  Over time, I got into heroin. It started running my entire life. Snort when I wake. Snort when I leave, Snort on the way. Snort when I get there, snort at lunch. Snort after school, snort on the way back home. Reup as needed. I was a teacher. Trying to juggle class and heroin and family life. Heroin mattered more than school. If I wasn’t with the girls by myself, I would use then too. Obviously weekends too. So, heroin mattered more than friends and family.  With the help of Suboxone and the accountability of drug tests, I beat it. I’ve only relapse on 2 occasions in the 2.5 years past that legal nightmare.  Now I’ve still had addiction issues for alcohol, Dramamine, and Robitussin. I stopped Robitussin and I stopped alcohol. But Dramamine? I can’t shake it. I use it al day every day. Tolerance is high and effects are harder to notice. That just makes me do more. I’m using all day every day. I have sent and said crazy things to my friends, my parents, and my ex-wife. I’m putting my drugs against the people and things in my life that I love the most. I’m letting it all happen even more. And I don’t know how to stop. I keep using it. I’m harming myself. I’m a danger to others and myself because of the delirium. I don’t want to visit my daughters tomorrow. I’d rather veg out and get high. I’m not going to do that, but it’s sad and painful that I feel this bad...
421	fake	To my groomer [End Title]: You know what, fuck it. I know this isn’t a confession but I gotta get this off my chest.   How the fuck am I the one responsible to a THIRTEEN YEAR OLD(Groomer) being attracted to a literal TEN YEAR OLDS (me) body? Sexually. Sorry, but if you feel that way, that’s pedophila, you’re disgusting.   Okay, well,  I’ll start from the beginning I guess. So this was when I was ten, I was on a gaming platform called Fortnite, it’s pretty shit, don’t know why I played it. But I had a friend, his name was freckledlion but I called him freckledon (said how it’s spelt). So freckledon had an older brother. His name was FERRARIMANIAC, there might be numbers but I don’t remember. So sometime in January, I began talking to FerrariManiac more.   (Previously I was apart of a clan he was in ,he was the leader and was called water sheep, a meme from pewdiepie. Me and my friends were in it, I was called You-sheep and my friend was called baby-sheep)   So I’m January, I began to get to know Watersheep (FerrariManiac) more. So we were doing some 1v1s and out of the blue, he asked me for his snapchat. I didn’t have snapchat on my phone before so I downloaded it. I then added him and we began talking, we then started playing questions (a game where you ask questions to get to know someone, it’s pretty bland) but as we were playing, I realised he was asking really sexual questions, essentially flirting. ( to clarify, he knew my age, and I didn’t flirt or ask any sexual questions before this) This was happening until 12 AM on the first day/night (Saturday)   On Sunday (the second day) I woke up and we began talking again, but this time as we were doing 1v1s, he asked me if I liked him, I said no, then uno reverse (basically implying that he has to answer that question aswell) He agreed but said that he would only answer if I beat him. So I did, and he “confessed” his feelings (I’m gagging just thinking about it) so I was ✨alarmed✨ because a fucking teenager was attracted to me, a ten year old.   (before this, on Saturday, he did ask me to send, I said no but I thought it was a joke and that he was just playing)-( I did send pictures of my face though and so did he, he had curly brown short hair, he lived in Ireland and his name on snapchat started with a c, either Calum or sm like that, he then asked me if I wanted to see his abs, I said no, because like, that’s fucking weird)  So, I kindly rejected him, and he became depressed,and acted that it was my fault that a ten year old didn’t fall in love with a guy in two days. Fucking weirdo, ( this is where the manipulation comes in) so after that, we played a game. And I asked him why he was so sad. And this bitch straight up said: you don’t like me, acting like this Bitch was the victim. So he manipulated me into thinking that if I “liked” him, he wouldn’t be sad anymore. And of course. I was ten and that shit worked, so I said.  “oh.. but I like you a little bit” (me clearly fucking lying so this dick would stop being sad) so then he started sexted me, and I played along, because I didn’t want him to be sad. My lord. Yeah so now I realise he was probably masturbating while sexting a ten year old. So, he said that he would be fine dry humping  me. And that he wants his dick in my arse. It’s the sexualising minors for me.   So then I realised this bitch was a fucking pedo and I came off the game, blocked him on everything and stopped playing. I was fucking traumatised and groomed, I know it may not seem a lot but this was the final straw in me loosing my innocence and I cracked, I was depressed for weeks and couldn’t tell anyone.  So then, the device I was playing on broke so I couldn’t play fortnite anymore, that was a relief as it’s a trigger for me. When it was fixed, I found out from a friend that watersheep had ranted to how I blocked him after he sexted a minor. Also, I thought that the friend was watersheep and had a panic attack (shortness of breath, couldn’t breathe, sweating, dizziness, anxiety, etc) that’s all currently, he’s quit the platform but I wanna find him. He’s thirteen or fourteen, has curly short brown hair, blue eyes (I think) he’s tall, I’m guessing slim or muscular. His snapchat user was something along the lines of Calum, Charley, etc. It started with a C. His fortnite used is FERRARIMANIAC and his little brother’s user is Freckledlion. There may or may not be numbers. Anyways. That’s all.
266	real	my best friend loves me and i'm aromantic [End Title]: tw // depression , suicide , mentions of sexual abuse  my long time best friend and i met few years ago and when we were close enough, she came out to me (i was the first to know) as queer (she doesn't go by labels) and i came out to her as lesbian, and recently agender. ever since we came out to each other, it's been much more aerated to be ourselves and there's more room for comfort.  but there was one thing i was not prepared for. one night i was extremely suicidal and on the verge of jumping, and in that haste, she ended up confessing her love for me, and how i made her question her sexuality in the first place. she thought that that might become a reason for me to stay alive, but i was so confused that i didn't talk to her for days and later, we both had to pretend like she didn't just say that.  but i thought about it everyday of my life. every time i see her talk about someone she loved, i wonder if that is me. i wonder if she lied that day just so i wouldn't kill myself. i wonder if she really meant and if she actually loved me that way, because i never really thought of her anything more than platonic.  so almost 10 months later, i ended up asking her "do you still feel that way" and she hesitated at first and later said "yeah" and i didn't know how to handle that. i was still suicidal and idk if she knew then, but i just couldn't grasp this. we talked everyday normally like "best friends" do but behind the scenes, i realized she was loving me romantically and i wasn't so sure.  she jokes it off as "you'll have to bare with my flirting" but it's so much more than that. i felt so guilty knowing she'd love me in a way in which i may never be able to love her back. she showed me her 2021 resolution and it had lines where it said "you're gonna work on \*my name\*. i know you love \*my name\* but forget that, that's not important. \*my name\* needs your help and you're gonna make \*my name\* happy again\* and that punched me in the fucking gut.  i started asking myself if i love her, and i realized that i was so sexually and romantically scarred from my ex, that i wasn't in the right state to question that. but when i felt like i did, i figured i do love her more than platonically but not romantically. i can't explain how, but i just feel a more special and deep spiritual connection to her, just not in the sappy lovey-dovey way.  after months, i gathered the courage to tell her i'm on the aro-spec (grey romantic to be specific) and i told her i loved her, just not romantically bc even if i want to, i can't love her back that way. she initially thought i said that just so i wouldn't feel guilty for liking her back, but later she understood and was very supportive.  later, she admitted to have written poems about me, and it's not like i haven't - i have written some about her too, but she loves me like a lover and i love her in a way that can't be named. which is fucking killing me.  i want to stop feeling guilty for not loving my best friend back and i want to accept my romantic orientation, but i just don't know what to do. i can't keep seeing my best friend broken because i'll never be able to love her back like she does.  i'm stuck and i don't know if there's a way out. what do i do
56	real	i spend all day everyday in my room gaming becuase i realised after a few weeks i cant go downstairs without having a conversation (no matter how hard i try) turn into an heated argument and yelling. And i cry about it alot when it happens because i want a nice conversation but they drink and fight [End Title]:    basically summed it up in the title i cant go out of my room (i can but i don't like to) because if i try have a conversation with my parents they are narcissistic and petty and sarcastic and spiteful towards me and just bad people. alot of it comes when they get home from work and start drinking and sitting infront of the television they just drink and get drunk every night and if i go down there they just get up me and nitpick and small errors or say im lying or just try lecture me or have a go at me and just try argue or if i try have a conversation about anything, (ill give an example, some sample dialogue)  Me: hi dad how was work?   dad (most likely drunk or tipsy): yeah well it was fuckin work wasn't it? shit aye   me: oh ok well i hope tomorrow is better i guess   dad: yeah not like youd know anyway you just sit on your ass and play games all day (true coz of corona my tafe course got shutdown so i cant do anything yet).  and then an argument or something would ensue from that.  I just dont know what to do and am pretty much over it so i just literally buy my own meals, make my own foods, and have cut them off basically. we live in the same house.. but we dont live together, if that makes sense.
384	real	I'm lost [End Title]: It's been a year since I finished my studies and I don't have any idea for the next step. I graduated as a graphic designer but due to the pandemic we did graduate without job practices, so I don't really know if the work fits for me, i just have the knowledge. Design business in the area are not interested on hiring someone. Where I live the easy job option is tourism but there's no job either (thanks covid). I'm trying to get access to a library auxiliar exam, but it's been months and there's no news about it. All my friends, and close people has always had something to follow, for example: my father wanted to have his job since he was a kid.  I feel useless, people have expectations on me because I was good at school and I don't know what I want to do with my life. Don't want to spend it in a job I don't like just for money. But I really need to make some. I feel so lost and useless in life at this moments. People are starting wondering if I'm just lazy because I spend some time at videogames but the thing is minecraft is giving me 150$ a month and it's the only income I have but obviously it's not enough to get anywhere I don't really know what else to do with my life
183	real	I just bought an engagement ring for my SO. [End Title]: We will be on year four in December. She’s my best friend and makes me a better me. I’m so nervous but I’m not proposing until next year. I needed to share this with someone.
391	real	I believe trans people are ruining the LGB community. [End Title]: What is their ideology? A woman is a person who feels like a woman. What is that feeling? That they are a woman. What is a woman? A person who feels like a woman. They will say that not all men have XY chromosomes and will point out that a very small minority of people have xxxy chromosomes, but that is just a birth defect. They'll say that being a man is not about having male characteristics but will get top and bottom surgery. They give LGB people a bad name.
871	real	Im an idiot [End Title]: Soo long story short someone I was seeing and known for years and was a complete angel of a person died a few months ago (I’ll call him Antonio”) and stupidly a few months ago I started seeing someone from work I’m 21F and he’s a 22M we will call “Pedro” and everything was fine but we go to a coworkers and their girlfriends house one night to drink and play card games and the coworkers girlfriend brings up “Antonio” and apparently that triggered “Pedro” and he beat me up. Like threw me down the stairs and pounded my face in like some terminator shit because he was upset that I was “sad over a dead guy”. So I cut him off for a few months and faced a bunch of shit at work but once I left the company he kept bugging me to talk and being being an idiot and vulnerable I gave in and started to see him again. Dumb I know. Then everything was fine until one night I go to a different coworkers house (a friend of mine and we both tested negative for covid) for drinks and while drunk he told me that while I cut off “pedro” he proceeded to draw me as fat on to go boxes and put “fat b-word” and continue to tell everyone I was fat and sexual slurs and make fun of him attacking me. I was completely blind sided by that and I feel so fucking stupid and disgusted. I also struggled with ED for years and I finally got to a healthy weight and have been doing well with recovery for like 6 months. I was finally happy and confident and it just feels shitty for someone to say that. Specially someone who claimed to care. Either way I just feel terrible. He is cut off (after hours of him trying to gaslight and act like he wasn’t in the wrong) but I’m still just like hurting over it. Idk I guess I wanted to talk about it and I can only post here cause if I tell anyone else I’ll get backlash.
200	real	I'm proud of myself [End Title]: M 29 USA  I'm proud of myself.  If you were to hear things about me... I'm sure you'd think I'm a lazy delusional irresponsible person. Some of that maybe true BUT .......... I'M so glad I'm not an obedient slave zombie like most of the population. I'm unemployed, and proud that I'm standing up against employment and the wage slave system. I've worked since I was 16 and you're not fooling me. Most of the opportunity I get is degrading. Yo u have another grown ass man telling you what to do? You sign over your freedom.😂 not anymore. Ain't nobody got time for that. Sure I'll probably end up homeless but guess what I'll sleep good at night knowing I didn't sell my soul to this society. I'm so happy being unemployed.  I'm proud that I'm also not fake. Y'all reading this might not be fake either. But alot of you are bruh. You fake as hell and play child games. It doesn't even matter the age my grandma is fake. Your grandma probably fake. Y'all be talking shit always behind other family members backs. Y'all fake as hell especially online. Not me, I'm not playing games.   Now the problem is society sees me as a hobo unemployed loser who won't kiss ass. They frown upon those who won't kiss your ass. They frown upon people like me who question and who have not just accepted that this is how it is and we need to get used to it. People always say that and I hate it. They say: "your right but this is how it is , you better get used to it"... And I always used to say yea you're right. But for awhile now ATLEAST 3 years I have been saying no way to that idea. We can change things. Stop giving up and maybe we can get somewhere. I look at people who say that as weak now. To me they gave in. They want us to suffer since they suffered their whole life. Workplace is hell. I know people suffer. We don't have to suffer. Stop saying this is just the way things are and fight for what is right.    I'll be a Martyr for that cause  lol I didn't proofread shit cuz it's 430 am I'm gonna sleep. Hopefully this shit isn't filled with typos and what not  Sucks you're probably an obedient zombie wage slave. Break the vicious cycle.
100	real	Gambling in stock market [End Title]:  I'm 21 years old, currently still in college. In 2020, I have borrowed my mom $20k to invest in stock market. But you know greedy is in a part of us, I want to be a rich overnight, so gamble her money and lost most $18k, I told my mom about this. She had not angry, upset or even did not yell at me. but I know she really sad. The only thing she told me that I should completely and fully focus on college and that only thing make her happy. But I'm obsessed and feel guilty about that. Any advice how to overcome this and have you guys in the same position this ? Thank you
59	real	i miss sex so much [End Title]: i feel like i am going insane
494	real	a vent [End Title]: I- my depression has gotten out of hand, I am wanting to try for better, but I’ve missed like two weeks of school now because of it and I feel embarrassed because a few of my classmates have gotten concerned and started messaging me today, what do I even say? Oh sorry I feel mentally incapable to go to sleep, wake up at a reasonable time, or even move frm my bed. Or oh I’ve been sick. Or say oh I’ll go tomorrow just for me to end up not going. :-( I’m turning 18 next week I’m thinking of just dropping high school and getting the GED because I’m behind due to so many complications , I jut feel bad that they’re worried and I hate attention on me, plus I got a bad haircut the other day I still haven’t figured out how to hide lol I just don’t feel right
894	real	New things i'm just not used to [End Title]: Recently i had found a boyfriend who I love very much.  In the past, I've always been hated by other students, and still am, but this guy was a new student. I had a fresh start for once, but I never thought we'd get in a relationship only after 5 months of knowing each other, if that.   I've never had any committed relationships in the past, so I'd never know the feeling of physical love. Today, I had gone to his house, expected to play some video games, our normal. I gave him a surprise hug, and ended up falling onto his bed by accident. Just a second later he stood up, smiled at me, and walked to shut the door. This was already new. At this point I didn't know what to do. I just sat there on his bed, waiting for something, went to reach for a pair of Joy-cons, but was interrupted by his hand, he pushed me down onto my back and flopped down next to me. Just sat there, until he managed to get his body on top of mine. I didn't know what to do, this isn't my territory I've wandered into before. I ended up wrapping my arms around him, and then he had managed to get me on the top by rolling over. This is what's had me shook up the whole time. Giving me a slight smirk, he then proceeded to slide his hands down into my pants. I froze, didn't know what to do. In all of my hesitation was my constant thought process of how I love it. We juggled around a bit more after that, then I had to leave.  Later on he asked if I had felt his boner, and I was like wtf? I've been laughing since.  I dunno if this was a good place to put this, but I couldn't think of anywhere else to put it.
146	real	I’m constantly worried I’m not enough for my boyfriend [End Title]: My (ex) boyfriend of 6 years dumped me out of the blue over a year ago. Now I’m in a really great relationship with an amazing man who I am crazy in love with. I know he loves me and would never hurt me. But I’m constantly worried that one day he’s going to stop loving me the way the other guy did. I love this guy with my entire heart and I just can’t shake the feeling that I’m going to get hurt again. He’s the best thing that ever happened to me and I’m probably worrying for nothing but I am terrified. That’s it, thanks for reading
685	real	We are done. Healthcare workers are walking off the job. Hospitals are over capacity and no one gives a fuck [End Title]:  What the hell is going on? Good luck if you or your family needs medical assistance.  Our health care workers are walking off the job abounding patients to die.
396	real	(18M) I want to create furry art, but I'm worried that it will ruin my life. [End Title]: Sorry if this post is written poorly. I'm not the best at writing... Like, at all.  I'm trying to start a career as a musician, but I also have the desire to create furry artwork as a creative outlet. I've always enjoyed drawing in general, and I also love drawing anthropomorphic animals. But... I'm worried that if I'm more open about that part of me, that my (practically nonexistent, mind you) social circle might implode. My parents don't even know what a furry is, and I don't even know how to explain that to them. I've tried to sketch out furry art in my spare time, but I have do to it quickly and discretely, so they won't notice.  I'm also apprehensive about getting involved with the furry fandom in any capacity. I've read accounts claiming that it's an extremely toxic environment full of abusers, predators, and just generally shitty people. At the same time, I've heard that some people were able to make a living off of their creative  work in the fandom, and that it's a supportive community. I don't know who to believe, so I would rather just create furry art, and assert that I don't have any involvement in the fandom beyond that extent. Of course, I don't know how any of my friends or family members will react. Some might not even know what the furry fandom is, and just be confused, while others might be disgusted and cut me off permanently. I get why some people dislike furries. The concept of people who enjoy (sometimes sexually) the concept of anthropomorphic animals in art, is pretty weird. But, I can't just seal off this part of me, because it's beginning to eat me up. Do I "come out" unapologetically, and accept that it will make the process of maintaining friendships, a relationship, or even a job much harder in the by my benign interest in a style of art.  I know that in the grand scheme of things, this isn't really a problem. It's trivial in comparison to what most people in the U.S. are dealing with right now. The reason I'm posting about this, is because I'm entering the adult world, and I'm terrified of ruining my life. I want to succeed at my chosen career path, and have a supportive and accepting community of friends. As a result I feel that being true to myself might put that in jeopardy, and I don't want that to happen.  Anyways, I'm sweating like hell after writing this, but I'm glad I got this out of my system. Thanks for reading.
893	real	Failing and failing ...the failures are adding up... [End Title]: I am scared... I am trying to become a serialized mangaka and I have tried everything you could think of ... about all kind of strategies... learning more about writing, drawing, character development etc... many stories ... many version of one story... many contest ...many places ... I tired alot n failed all of them for years.... n now I saw a new contest and was thinking I want to try again but I am scared... scared of failing again... what will I do?? This is like my nth time and I always stand up again cause this is my dream ... my childhood dream and my wish and what i yarn for... battling my anxiety, depression and toxic family... I am trying... please god I want to win this time... I want to be a serialized mangaka so finally I can earn a living from it and start my dream... and make all my stories reality... and maybe one day you guys could seem them in a book store or on tv? Hehehe wishing too much arent i? I want to dream high and reach higher... I might be greedy but with my wings that i keep building and rebuilding each time they break I want to reach the stars and beyond !! ... please pray for me!
316	real	Sometimes I feel that my family doesn't see my studies and myself as someone that can actually help or make a good advice. [End Title]: Well for the story I will tell something about me first. I'm a 20 yo female technician in Mechatronics. I'm the first born of my mother and the first grandchild of my grandmother. (My mom gave birth to me when she was 18)  So i grew up being the "first try" of everyone. My family is just my mother, my grandmother and my brother of 15. Well I drop out of high school because I was having problems with one teacher in the math course, it was awful, and I was in risk of taking again all high school, well luckily for me I got in another school learning how to be a technician in Mechatronics, that means I got the knowledge in many fields in general, as electricity, mechanical maintenance, mechanical design, etc. And im proud of myself because of what happened with my other school I was feeling like garbage, and now I'm the best student in the school and I have the opportunity to work in the scientific research center of my city. Well all of that means that I have the knowledge of a technician/technical support.  But I feel that my family doesn't see it in the same way, when it come to things like replacement of electronic gadget or something easy I'm always ready to say something or try to do something to help, like for example when they give a TV to the technician to fix it, I told them what was the real issue but they didn't hear me thill the technician told the same thing months later (and it will be different because if they hear what I told the tv would be ready before) And I can say more and more about it. But this just make me feel like my years of study doesn't matter and that they think i just play or something in the school, and that I'm useless. Now I'm studying to apply in the biomedical field in the university. But as like I write before I just feel that it will not matter all can I do, because they will always believe in one stranger than in myself or they will have always the idea about me don't know what I'm doing.
176	real	The sexism is smothering [End Title]: I want to write this on my social media, but know that I will get backlash from it. I need to get this out because I am so incredibly frustrated. I'm not even looking for any advice (although welcomed) or an "I'm sorry you have to deal with that." I just need to vent. I feel so alone with this because I am the only female in my department, and even my superior is a male.   I am absolutely beyond tired of the blatant sexism I experience with working in a male dominated field. They do enough just to let you know that because you have a vagina that they think you're "less than" or incompetent, but not enough that you can take it to HR or do anything about it. I feel powerless.
180	real	Since I can't say it to your face.. [End Title]: Your skill level in communication rivals that of a 3yearold, the only real difference is the 3yearold has an easier time getting others to understand what it wants. I dread going out in public with you because I'm in constant fear of being embarrassed by the incoherent verbal excrement that inconsistently leaks and spews from your mouth when it opens. I love you, well maybe I do, I like you at least but you're hard to respect. In fact, with each passing day, my respect for you dwindles. I make up excuses for us not to leave the house or make up tasks or chores to stay home when you leave. And just like the respect I feel like I'm running out of excuses. The truth is I feel stuck, I should not have settled for you, now I'm stuck, and you just walk around like you're oblivious, I can't help thinking you're just pretending not to know the truth, are you really that aloof, are you truly just that much of a moron. I'll probably never know. Sometimes when I know you're asleep, I whisper these things in your ear, and just watch that dumb look on your face, it never changes. Just like you.
834	real	i didn’t go to my stepdads funeral [End Title]: my brothers dad passed away a couple months ago and our mom died four years ago.  i never saw my brothers since my mom died and i was supposed to go their dads funeral but i. got out of it by going to a club trip, i didn’t tell anyone that he died, only my best friend, i didn’t want anyone to ask why or worry or think these awful things about me because i was there and not at the funeral of my brothers dad. i didn’t go because i’m selfish. i didn’t want to see him in that casket, not when my feelings of him are so mixed, he use to beat my mom but i lived with them for a year and i would visit during the summer. i remember when he would joke around when i was younger and make me laugh, and when he would get back from work and me and my mom would be setting the table. but then i remember my mom telling me that before he sold her car because he didn’t want her going anywhere and leaving him and buying pills, and the one night she showed up at our house will her face bruised and bloody.  i held hatred towards him because of what he did to my mom but i have these good memories of this ‘normal’ family that i craved when i was stuck with my dad and my emotionally abusive brother. i also had bad memories where they lived which is another but not as important reason as to why i didn’t go to the funeral.
766	real	My boyfriend can still surprise me even miles away like it's nothing. [End Title]: Recently I have been struggling alot. My work is barely giving me any hours so my paychecks bi weekly are literally just for bills. Nothing else.   Today I went out with my best friend I hadn't seen for almost a year. I wasn't planning on spending any money because I have a doctors appointment next week before I get paid and I need to pay for it. My boyfriends out of town to vist family and I was texting him throughout the day about what stores we were gonna vist and what we might eat. He kept bugging me to give him my cash app so he could send me money for food atleast. I finally gave in and he was like "ill send you 30$" I thanked him cause still that was more then I wanted. After a few seconds I got the notification and this dude sent me 200$. I nearly flipped my sh*t in the middle of the mall. I sent it back and this man kept declining it until I accepted it.   I have never in my life had a man I was dating do that so casually and like nothing. He even got mad cause I bought him a new hat with that money cause it was "only meant for my stuff." I saved some of it but I was able to buy myself a new dress and some anime stuff I had been wanting. He isn't even in the state and he managed to make me feel so caught off guard.
19	real	I'm extremely scared that when my mom dies, I won't cry or really even be sad.... and I feel like a absolute horrible person for it :( [End Title]: Growing up, I was a total mommas girl. I never left her side. I loved her to death and she was my best friend. We did everything together.    Then, when I was 12, my mom kinda went crazy. She was cheating on my dad all the time, and doing drugs and drinking, and even got arrested a couple of times.    They have a total of 7 kids together, and she was doing all of this around us. I was traumatized by the times she'd be on something and I'd think she was dying or something.   Finally though he gave her an option. Either completely quit drinking and doing drugs and cheating and then work on things, we could go back to a happy family life.. Or she could move out and they'd get a divorce and she could be free to do as she wants.    She chose the first option. She left us. A lot of crap happened between then and now, and we have absolutely no relationship at all.   She refuses to take responsibility, and she blames me and my siblings for everything. She's accused me of stealing money from her mom even when I was in a different state. She's extremely manipulative too, and will cry on the spot to try and guilt me.   She got remarried in 2012, and her husband physically abused my four younger siblings, and if it's brought to, she says they're liars and my dad told them to say that. He broke my little brother's foot once.    She claims to miss her kids and cry everyday, but... She doesn't do any type of visitation, doesn't even attempt. And she rarely ever calls. Maybe twice every few months if even that.   I tried multiple times to repair things now that I'm an adult... And it backfired. We talked on messenger, and one day she said "don't ever tell me you love me ever again. I know that you don't and I don't want to hear it."   She'd leave me on open constantly, and then say I never even try and talk to her. I'm a horrible daughter, how could I do this, how could I go along with the lies, etc etc.   My dad has taken care of 7 kids all on his own for 13 years. He means the world to me, and I love him SO much. He's amazing for being able to do this alone.    My dad had a major health scare and almost died twice. It was absolutely traumatizing for me, and I live in fear everyday and panic over the thought of losing him.    It made me realize though... When my mom dies, I don't know that I'll cry. I don't know that I'll feel anything... And that makes me honestly hate myself. No matter what, she's my mom... So why do I feel like i may not be impacted by her death? It makes me extremely mad at myself and feel like I'm the worst person in the world... Nothing changes who she is to me. I love her and always will :(
806	real	I feel lost [End Title]: I do want to put a quick disclaimer this may sound like I'm super depressed and suicidal but I'm not I'm just stressed but if you have advice for me I will gladly take it into consideration   So it's Friday I'm a high schooler I am a junior and I've had my fair share of girls and all my friends well more accurately all of the kids in my class (2021) know I currently have a girlfriend who I don't go to school with or talk to often but I don't care too much bc I trust her I've known her for years and she's a good girl she isn't my focus my focus is how my day went my best friend who I call my little sister and that's bc I'm one of the only 2 that she still has from 7th grade (we are juniors) got her braces off yesterday and she isn't the brightest or very proactive so she was stressed out about her work and started crying at lunch so me one of her other guy friends and her friend that acts like her mom are all comforting her she puts her head down and I pull her towards me and start rubbing her back bc I'll always be there for her but then that girl that acts like her mom literally snatches her away from me and says "you may be her friend but don't ever touch her" in my head in about to beat her mf ass and she knew it she could see the fire in my eyes and just smiled bc I wasn't going to bc that would stress my friend out more and I would get suspended for a good 2 weeks and I'm lazy af so I sat there stared at her and for half a second she was doubting her decision. I didn't do anything tho bc I've been taught not to hit women (even if they hit me) and not to fight unless it is self defense so I walked away I went and sat somewhere and put may hands over my eyes was thinking about crying o was getting overloaded but instead fell asleep then the bell rang to go back to class I walked back to class and that mom character girl just pushed my buttons I got home and I am a cross country runner had a race Tuesday and gave blood yesterday so I'm tired as all hell but me if I got something on my mind I run till I fall over or get over it and since I'm on here prolly guess which one happened (I'm ok) I just can't focus my head is spiraling that's why this is all over the place so all help will be taken into consideration thank you for your time
68	real	Feel empty. [End Title]: So I know theres other people who have it alot worse in life but I have feeling heavily depressed and suicidal for over a year now, I've seen various doctors but they just seem more interested in prescribing anti depressants.   So I'm not doing anything for christmas as my step mom just wants it to be my dad and her for christmas this year so im spending it alone in another town and then recently I got some news about my so called friend and an EX which I'll go into detail below but I just dont know what's going on at the moment, my life feels so empty and I only feel "happy" when I'm with a few of my friends but they only ever want to go on nights out and get drunk which does kind of help cause it takes my mind off some issues but this isnt a fix for me.  As of late I feel like I've hit my limit and cant go on much longer, my ex GF broke up with me about 6 months ago and instantly started seeing my ex best mate while keeping it a secret up until about a week ago while he was still hanging around with me and trying to comfort me while also being with her behind my back and bragging about it in their work place where I use to work, so it's making me look a fool.  Since ive found out it's made me feel broken, my heart feels extra heavy and mentally I'm really struggling, I've told him I'm done with him and then I saw them out on a night out the other day and now i just dont know what i can do to pull me out of this, it's the worse I've ever felt and havent really got a big group of friends i can actually trust which is why I'm posting it here cause i genuinely dont know what to do anymore.  I feel like everything is closing in and I'm not sure how much more I can take or whether or not I feel like I can go on. I'm not expecting sympathy or to be comforted i just thought maybe writing all this out will help but time will tell.   If you've read all of this thanks for taking the time.  Here's to a better decade.
795	real	Just because you watched the queens gambit on netflix Please dont think you know anything about chess or even how to play. I apreciate people being interested in learning but god damn. [End Title]: All of a sudden people want me to teach them how to play after ive offered for decades so i could play my friends instead of mostly strangers. Sorry but i have no interest in teaching anybody chess because they watched a movie about a fictional chess player.
453	fake	I checked this morning - black lives still don't matter to me [End Title]: I'll check tomorrow.
231	real	Being Superficial [End Title]: I lie to myself. I lie to others. I want to do a lot of things end up not doing anything. I spend my days daydreaming about how life could be better. I tell myself I should stop daydreaming. I try for a bit and fail. I  don't know what I am doing anymore.   I realized it a while ago. I realized that I am lying to people and I don't like it. My life since quarantine started was me lying to myself. "I will start writing tomorrow... I will start drawing... I will start contributing to the anime industry that I love  so much..." but the words were shallow. When I think about it I never once in my life took anything seriously. I never took school seriously and now here I am in the last year of school, somehow clinging to the passing grades I barely manage to get. Next year may I am supposed to give my igcse exams. But I can't be serious about it. I realize I am being dumb and selfish. But why can't I stop myself. I have been feeling terrible but this feeling doesnt stay. It fades off the very next day and the cycle continues. I have decided that I dont want to continue like this anymore. But I am scared that might forget this regret I have tomorrow when I wake up. I hate myself. I hate myself for lying to everyone and myself.
616	fake	I like feet [End Title]: Freshman year of college, my then girlfriend and I had fallen asleep in the same bed but facing opposite directions. She accidentally shoved her foot in my face and my dick inflated instaneously, like a car air bag. Anyways, that's how I found out I like feet.
53	real	My brother is destroying our childhood home [End Title]: My mother's home was her pride and joy and she kept it meticulously maintained. I mean Better Homes and Gardens ready. She was a gardener and crafter and her home was her canvas. A few years after she purchased it she practically broke her back working overtime and saving to remodel, adding a dining room, living room, and expanded kitchen.  She had been improving it ever since, and had arguably  the nicest home on the block.  My mother passed away a few years ago and my brother made it known that he wanted the house. I agreed to let him buy me out thinking he wanted it for sentiment, and that he would honor our mother's legacy.  Since he and his girlfriend have been living there they have trashed the place. Looks like an episode of Hoarders.  I told myself poor housekeeping is reversible.  The real crusher is he  informed me recently he is converting the extension to a garage/workshop, along with some l other permanent structural changes. Imagine a space with beautiful hardwood floors and a fireplace, where we spent Christmases and family events, gutted to become a garage.   I am equally appalled and disappointed.  I know it's his house snd there's nothing I can do about it but the thought of him destroying  my mothers work is heartbreaking. His reasoning is that he needs the space to make money.  But why insist on keeping THAT house?  Just buy a house that fits your needs.  Such a waste. And so stupid too, to devalue your equity.  If I knew that was his intention I never would have agreed to sell it to him.  I would rather see a stranger care for the place then a family member destroying it.  I know i have no right to feel this way but still.  It feels like a betrayal.   Thank you for listening.
246	real	Has anyone ever got phone calls where someone keeps calling and hanging up? [End Title]: So I work at Cracker Barrel, and me and 3 other people work behind a cashier. And recently we have been getting calls were someone calls and hangs up as soon as we answer. Someone yesterday kept calling and hanging up. I answered it like 30 times and as soon as I pick it up there's nobody there. It's highly annoying cause there be nobody there. Me and the 3 other people have been trying to find out whats wrong with it. I told my boss that someone kept calling and hanging up. And he came over to see what was going on with the phone. This has recently been happening all this week and it's very distracting. We don't know if someone is really needing something or what. Has anyone experienced something like this?
913	real	I became a well-known troll online. Now I'm scared it will come back to me someday. [End Title]: I'm 16 now, but when I was around 14?? I used to play this game called moviestarplantet. It was a pretty shit game, kind of boring and all you did was shop for clothes. But there was a feature there. The forum feature.  At the time, I was going through some really bad situations at school. I was suicidal, and used the game to make myself feel better. I created this character and world that I'd get lost in for hours on the computer.  I made forums. Really, really bad ones. Sexual shit, and embarrassing storytimes, and even lying that I was being abused for attention. I was desperate. I ended up getting really popular and I saw a youtube video about me at somepoint.  But now I just regret it so much. I'm scared it will came back to haunt me someday. My username was a nickname that people call me a lot in real life and it it's unusual, so I'd definitely be identified.  I want to become successful/famous on social media someday and I'm just really scared.  Haven't told my mom. She has no idea that I even played the game.  Please help  :(
709	real	I'm just in a confessional mood today. I caused my nephew to be pulled out of public school. [End Title]: So one day after school I drove from my house to meet up with my girlfriend.  Normally we'd just hang out, watch TV and probably make out.  That afternoon we decided to have sex.  It was safe-ish - we used protection but in the end said fuck it and pulled the condom off just to see what it really felt like.  Of course it was amazing.  Fortunately my girlfriend didn't become pregnant.      After we were done we hit the shower to clean off and make ourselves presentable.  I had to leave shortly thereafter to pick up my nephew from grade school, so I got dressed and left.  Went to the school and made the pick up like I always did and drove him back home.  As I came inside the house I kicked off my shoes and went into my bedroom to play the original Grand Theft Auto on the PC.  (Yes, this is an old story)  After about 5 or 10 minutes my mom screams and comes storming into my room as I was taking my glasses off and yawning.  She holds something up from her hand and asks me if I know what it is.  Not having my glasses on me I very stupidly just reached for what it was and my horrified mother pulled it away and screamed at me.  It was the used condom from earlier.  I couldn't find it on the floor when I was getting ready so I assumed my girlfriend had picked it up and threw it away.  Apparently it fell into the pants leg of my jeans and stuck to my leg up until I got home and kicked off my shoes.    My mother then creates this outrageous story about how the condom must have came off of my nephew when he put down his backpack and took off his shoes.  (He was standing behind me when I kicked off my shoes) The whole time I'm like "holy shit, this is happening" and it was like "holy shit, this *is* happening".  Realizing I was dodging a bullet, I kept my mouth shut and didn't say another word for the rest of the day, which was not unusual for me since I was and still am an introverted person.    My sister comes home - my nephew's mom - and she freaks out.  No one for one second assumes the condom was mine. (What does that say about me?)  They just go on and on about how this group of kids had been picking on my nephew for weeks up to that point and they just assumed the hooligans had found the condom and stuck it on him.  My sister went into full-blown bat-shit crazy mother mode and tore into school officials for allowing this to happen.  Of course they knew nothing about it but said they would look into it.  My sister then decided that public school wasn't all that it was cracked up to be and takes my nephew and puts him into Catholic school.    My nephew went from having a normal childhood to one that was marred by the presence of a used condom.  Who knows where he could have ended up had I just found the condom and threw it away.  Or alternatively, my mom found out the condom was mine from the beginning.
814	real	Im starting ro resent my best friend [End Title]: Basically exactly what the title says. I'm in HS, my best friend graduated before me, and I'm starting to resent them. We had vaguely similar parents(they suck) and theyve refused to see their father anymore and live with their mom, who they constantly fight with and complain about. They graduated and are taking a gap year now, and aren't getting a job or anything because they're focusing on their mental health. Obviously I understand, I've struggled in the past too, but I'm working a part time job, taking multiple AP classes(getting straight As), driving, repairing relationships with my parents(out of guilt, but still) and applying to over 20 colleges. And they're sitting in their room doing nothing but complaining about their situation while refusing to do anything to change it. I feel so guilty thinking this way about them, and I really want to support them, but I just want them to do something with their life. I even asked them to do ONE THING on the internet for me(vague on purpose), would take an hour at most, and even with no obligations or time restrictions they still have put it off for almost 5 months. It's really hard to support them when they arent doing anything to better their own life, but i still feel like crying when I think about it and it makes me feel like an awful person. Anyway, thanks for reading.  EDIT: god fucking dammit theres a typo in the title
23	real	I feel so uncomfortable when I’m around my 1 year and a half girlfriend [End Title]:  She makes me feel so uncomfortable now after I confronted her that has been manipulating me and she kind of stopped she does it once in a while but sometimes she’s gets mad and annoyed with me and she constantly ask me if I do some bad stuff like look at girls ,but the thing is she constantly asks that and I don’t like when she does that it doesn’t make me feel good inside she also constantly ask if I watch porn and I feel uncomfortable because she wants to hear what she thinks this one time she said that she looks at other guys and I told her I only look at some females sometimes and she said why I look at other girls and I told her that she said she looked at other guys and she said that she never said that and I felt bad.I feel so nervous and uncomfortable around her I used to always be happy to hang out with her today we hit a year and 6 months,I feel like she is to much of a toxic person to stay dating    I feel like I’m getting used in the relationship I don’t feel the connection anymore I don’t want to end it cause I had a lot of time spent with her
336	real	I just did something I thought I would never do [Multiple trigger warnings] [End Title]: TRIGGER WARNINGS galore dealing with sexuality and serious abuse in my crude and direct terms. Baggage dump here. Not kidding.  &amp;#x200B;  \---  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  \---  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  \---  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  I'm sitting on my porch vaping some weed right now trying to process things. Can't decide whether to start at the beginning or the end but I guess I'll start at the beginning.  &amp;#x200B;  I (M, 30) was abused as a child -- a lot. Not just physically and emotionally by my father, but sexually by both by my father and by a teacher at the religious school I attended. I had oral sex forced on me pretty frequently from the age of about 5 to 9, and anal sex forced on me a couple of times, the first of which was extremely traumatic. I remember his hand around my throat while his cock penetrated my small rectum and he "apologized" repeatedly in my ear, saying it was things he "had" to do to me, that he had no choice. I was bleeding for days after that but hid it from everyone. I mention this because I think it's important -- the part about having no choice.  &amp;#x200B;  By the time I reached about 12 years old, I had completely forgotten / repressed the memories of this. They didn't start to resurface until I was 20 and had left my home state.  &amp;#x200B;  After being raised extremely homophobic, I eventually came to realize I'm bisexual. But in every sexual encounter I've had, I've taken the topping role. I was heavily into BDSM for a while, loved to dominate women and eventually men as well.   I'm in a relationship with a wonderful girl now and she's helped me let go of a lot of trauma. But there are some places in my body it still resides, and which if they're touched they trigger full blown ptsd episodes. My asshole is one of those. Any time someone has touched my butthole, it triggers me and sends me into flashbacks of the fucking prick who raped me when I was a child. I've hated that he has this kind of power over me to this day.  &amp;#x200B;  I've been seeing this guy on and off (girlfriend is an open relationship, we tell each other everything) and I've dominated him, fucked his mouth and his ass every time we've had sex. He is very submissive and loves it. Today though, and I don't know exactly how or why it happened, I tried something different. As we were rubbing our cocks together I got on top of him, held his cock, and pushed it into my asshole.  &amp;#x200B;  It hurt, and he (very surprised) asked if I needed more lube. I did, but once that was taken care of, it started to feel good. I have put a finger up my butt to masturbate before but this was different -- he has a good amount of girth but after working it for a while I was able to take him entirely, and rode him with my hand around his throat. I was still in control. He was fucking my ass, but on my terms.  &amp;#x200B;  It still hurt the entire time, but it started to feel good. I instructed him to jerk me off and he did. He didn't cum, but I did, all over him, which made him shudder (I'm smiling thinking about it).  &amp;#x200B;  I was completely in control of my body, for the first time since I was 7 fucking years old and that pathetic piece of shit acted like he had no control over his own actions as he tried to destroy the life of someone else just because someone else had done it to him. Nobody should go through what I went though. My life has been a living hell in many ways, but I'm so proud of myself right now for ENJOYING something that was used to HURT ME so much. For the first time in my life I feel like nobody else gets to decide what my body is "for", just me. I feel sore and I might never do it again, who knows, but inside my brain I feel amazing.  &amp;#x200B;  I apologize for how crudely this is written, please understand I'm basically romanticizing this moment for myself because it is HUGE for me. Sorry if it offends anyone. I just had a really difficult, great night and I needed to tell the world how and why it's important to me to feel like I'm actually in control.
570	real	Why do married people keep telling me to stay single!!?? Should I just listen and never get married again? [End Title]: (Just to clear things up, I'm a guy)  I was married once, I know where they are coming from, my divorce put a really bad tint on my confidence in other people. So I've resided myself to stay single for the rest of my life.  Every time they tell me I'm lucky that I'm now single, don't get married again etc, and I can understand this, the person I was married to before, was the first real relationship I ever had so I thought/think that is normal, everything that happened.   I miss a lot of things that come with having someone there with you, for you in a relationship. But at the same time there is this huge paranoia that it's going to go downhill and be bad like before.  I see so many people who are married and look on the outside impression that they are happy. People getting married and living happily.  It's not like I can't get married again and I know people are interested in me, but this huge paranoia and the fact people keep telling me not to get married again, people that seem really happy, is really killing me inside.   In the same moment I want to spend my whole life alone to avoid all the hassle and bad things, but at the same time want to have someone, get married and spend my life with someone.
811	real	Some jerks who live on the otherside of the planet que'd pvp @ 5 am in the morning just to get rank 1 on a MMO and stole my rank [End Title]: Some jerks that live on the otherside of the world que'd pvp at 5 am and they took overall rank because the guild master paid them to throw games for him. I find it both sad that I didn't sleep at all last night and I find it sad that I still play that game at 5 am and rant on reddit at 7 am in the morning and I should get some sleep. This is the second time they stole my rank at some ungodly hour, and I must have revenge and get my rank back this season!  /endpettysleepyrant
481	real	I’ve been receiving free cable service for the past 10 months. [End Title]: I subscribe to a local ISP, but absolutely refuse to pay their exorbitant cable rates.  As a “wedding gift” last year, my cheap buddy who worked for said ISP provided me with a cable box and manipulated my account to provide the service gratis.  My friend was ultimately fired from that job (surprise, surprise) but my free service is still going strong.  Apparently, he ordered an extra box when signing up an acquaintance, but then applied a monthly credit to the account to cover the additional fee so they wouldn’t notice. Then, he came over to hook it up and made a call to make it operational. As I understand it, as long as that acquaintance maintains his cable account and I maintain my internet service, I will continue watching my favorite baseball team and HBO for free.   This ended up being one of the better wedding gifts and it continues to save us $80+ per month.   PSA: Giants suck.
113	real	Trippin my balls off at work [End Title]: I got way too high on the clock today - took a dab for the first time. I work from home, made up something about working on some project, and now I am, in another dimension, taking a bubble bath eating peanut butter out of the jar while getting paid. I love every one of you, have a great day.
168	real	please help me [End Title]: hi, it’s me again. i am a trans female and i am 18 and i know i’m probably annoying and i do have an appointment to get tested on the 27th at planned parenthood for everything but you guys i am so scared.. i feel sick... i know i’m so annoying to you guys but as i stated in my last post that i had PROTECTED sex with 3 guys in my life, the latest guy i had sex with which was the 3rd guy was on MARCH 1 and i have given oral sex to another and he didn’t even cum i just sucked it and this was back in july of 2019. i have been achy, my wrists and fingers feel weird and i looked up the burning sensation in your hands and feet and i have had that as well. my back hurts and i just went out to eat with my family and couldn’t eat hardly any of it which is also a sign and the only thing i ate yesterday was two tacos from taco bell... i am just asking for comfort right now and opinions if you think i do have HIV. thank you for talking to me.
762	real	i need some advice [End Title]: for the past couple years I’ve always thought that i was putting time in and working hard in what I was doing, I realized I’m really not  I’ve always just been lazy and not wanting to do anything and it’s so annoying because I want to fix it but I just won’t or can’t.   I really wanna get better at what I do and always imagine myself working hard and getting better but I just won’t do it and am always just being lazy. Could someone please help me? I really wanna fix this and not be lazy anymore, it’s just so fucking annoying at this point because I know my potential and it’s in arms length. But I’m just too fucking lazy to stick my arm out and grab it. Someone please give me any advice to fix my work ethic.
362	fake	do some of you guys just come on this sub to spread negativity? [End Title]: like seriously if you aint here to let people vent or help people out then fuck off!  with the way this sub has been recently i wouldnt even be surprised if this post gets downvoted!
697	real	I don't know how to help my husband [End Title]: My husband is in the marines, and he hates it. He comes home emotionally drained from work. He says the only thing that makes him happy is coming home to me and our pets. I don’t know what I can do to help him feel better. This has really been bothering me because I hate to see the man I love in such of a bad mental state. He still has a few years left, so he’s not leaving anytime soon
730	real	I had a dream where I drank alcohol and used drugs with a couple of friends(products of my subconcious, not real people), and I can't get over it. [End Title]: So yeah, the title kinda sums it all up. I had this dream where I drank, like, a gallon of wine and used drugs with some people, in a prom-like setting. (we were all wearing graduation robes) And honestly, I've never felt anything like that before. The euphoria, the lightness, the pure happiness and bliss. My big sad (it's not strong enough to call it a depression) ,all my problems I buried deep in my mind to be a socially functioning person, the ridiculous amount of stress I've had, all my insecurities I've been dealing for as long as I'm a concious being... They were all gone, instead, I was in a pure ecstatic mood, I didn't care about anything or anyone or myself.   I didn't want to wake up, I didn't want to go back to that feeling that crushes my heart and blurs my mind. The blinding anxiety I've been dealing for longer than I want to admit. I just wanted to live in that dream forever. I didn't want to get out of the bed (just like every other day), and deal with my daily burden. Then, my brother came and kindly told me to get my arse out of the bed. Thankfully, I can still remember it vividly.  Now, here's the problem. In my religion, alcohol and drugs are clearly and strictly prohibited. And even if it wasn't I still have no source to provide these things.  Yeah, and until this morning, I was completely against these things, but now that I had this dream, I think I can understand why people use this and got addicted at the end. I still don't think it's a good idea to use these either,   and this isn't probably how it actually feels like, but it still felt good to actually leave my problems behind and fell light for a while, even if it was just a dream.  It would be nice if there was a substance that can give me that feeling. Like soma from Brave New World.  Thanks for reading my stupid rant, by the way.  Edit: Just remembered that my mom actually asked me if I wanted to see a psychiatrist a few months ago, and I said no just to avoid making her a bigger mess than she already is right now. She'd be devastated if I admitted I wanted to see one. It was more like "Do you want to ruin me and make me feel like I failed to be a good parent for you?" I told her no, of course, I didnt want to cause her more problems, she already has so much to deal with. But do I regret refusing to see a therapist? Hell yeah. And it's too late and my smiling face is too convincing for this.  Edit 2: I know it's wrong to say that I want to get wasted while some people on this sub are proudly clean off of these things. I'm really sorry if this triggers you.
543	real	Coming to America to work at McDonald's and Subway has turned me into an aggressive, abrasive, depressive wretch of a person. [End Title]: On the off chance that somebody is reading this, this is the story of how I came to America with high hopes, and ended up plain disappointed in the treatment I've received thus far. Now for some background...  I am a 19-year-old Czech guy. I came to America late June to find a job and start working my way up in the world. For the past five months or so, I've worked two jobs. Usually, my schedule works out well and while I work 7 days a week, my shortest shifts are only about 6 hours, so it's tolerable. Every once in a while, though, I get a shitty week. Sure, I get Friday off if I'm lucky, but then there's a 12 hour shift the day after.  Ever since I've started opening at Subway (9:30) and closing at McDonald's (at 11 because of a greedy franchise owner who understaffs us), my life has become a consistent wreck. I've got a lot of hours, about 50-60 a week, so I'm pulling good cash, but at what cost? I've become rude, evasive, irritable - the slightest thing sets me off. I'm constantly on guard.  I do not understand how understaffing is a legal practice. There are so few of us, yet we are expected to provide top service and smile while doing so? And the customers are so entitled! How can Americans be so mean to high school kids? What have we done to them? Is a burger really so valuable to them? Or a pack of slightly cool fries?  I have become a frightening presence at my stores. If a customer is unruly, I always come in and give them what for. Not physically, of course - verbally. But I've come from being a polite, patient guy, to being this mean, impatient, downright abrasive person. I have such low expectations of customers that I can't even get myself to treat anyone well. I've been treated like shit, and now I'm starting to treat others the same way.  I feel like a terrible person. I don't even care if I live or die anymore. People I love are starting to resent me. But I need the money (I am starting to invest, and I need a lot of money to make it work), I need to work hard and build my way up. I want to get the dream and I will, but what if I lose myself trying? I try to use some money to buy things I like. I bought myself a new bass, for example. I try to enjoy myself, but I have no time. It's just sleep, work, get abused, abuse in return, rinse and repeat.  That's all, I guess. I am going back to my country soon to work on my engineering degree. Hopefully, when I come back with higher status, I'll have a better experience.
25	real	Was I a Bridezilla? [End Title]: AITAH? Last year I got married.  It is my one and only marriage  and I am not a spring chicken, let's just say I am in the latter half of my life.  That being said, like most girls, I have been planning my wedding since I was about 13 (a REALLY LONG TIME AGO!)  so I had very definite ideas about what I wanted.  I feel I am usually super chill about things, but when I know exactly what I want, there is no talking me out of it and I want what I decided and planned on.    The problem I had was with my stepmother.  She has been in my life since I was 16 and has been more of a mother to me than my own biological mother, but I have always been very independent and self sufficient.  I set my wedding date for a little more than a year after I got engaged.  At the time we got engaged, we had known each other a little over 20 years and dated more off than on (but that is another story!).  I had realized he was the love of my life a long time ago but it took him a bit longer.  Many times while we were "off" SM tried to tell me to give up on him, move on, let it go, etc. and that may have contributed to how she acted later on. During the year I was planning the wedding, I was super excited and I'm sure I talked nonstop about  my plans.  Anytime I mentioned any plans to SM though, I got one of two replies, either "*I was doing it all wrong*", or "You know at your sister's wedding....." (which was 23 years ago at that point!) Consequently, I asked her to do very little of the planning, shopping, preparations, etc. She really wasn't involved much at all.  I think she went to one dress shopping trip and helped me arrange for the flowers, which were very simple and the only thing she paid for, just about everything else was paid for by me and my fiancé. She did help 2 days before the wedding as we were making hor'devours for the reception and the treat bags for each place setting.  At that time she made the comment "I don't even feel like the Mother of the Bride because I have not been included in anything".  I didn't blow up, (even though I felt like it!) I simply said "And do you know why?" then I proceeded to tell her exactly what I explained earlier about her two replies to any of my plans.    Since then, partially because of COVID but more than just this dreaded horrible virus, she seems like she is distancing herself.  My now husband and I have bought a wonderful house with a pool, and even though she has been invited over several times, she has only come maybe twice in the 5 months we have been here. I really hope she she is not holding a grudge, but if she is, she can just get over it!
289	real	It has been sad to watch the USA during this covid period. But the idea of sending children back to school when there is certainty of death is just evil. [End Title]: America has shocked the world by being able to turn a global pandemic into a political opinion. Watching this country that is the "Greatest country in the world" when it is so divided has been tragic but this final act, I cant decide if it's stupid or evil.
197	real	Forgot my dad’s birthday a month ago [End Title]: Last month I came out of my room and my dad was putting a cake on the table, I knew it had to be for him and said happy birthday. The thing is, I’m kind of ashamed and feel bad that I didn’t know ahead of time, and yes, I still kind of am. I tried to make it up to him yesterday on Father’s Day by just saying happy Father’s Day tbh, I can’t really buy him much of a gift and I suppose I could make a card but um yeah. I also spent time with him that night watching TV and stuff so I feel better. And I’m only 13 so yeah.   I just feel bad thinking that in a month he’s going to say happy birthday to me and get me a cake and presents when all I say is happy birthday and practically forgot to do that. I definitely want to make up for it in the future and just do better but I feel bad. Is there anything I should do?
11	real	Is it bad that I dont want to hang out with anybody? [End Title]: Between college and work, I just feel too drained to hang out with anybody irl. Even on days where my high functioning depression kicks in hard, I'd just rather be left alone since hanging out with someone I care about doesnt help.  My best friend I know is getting the worst of it from me. I repeatedly never answer his calls, make up excuses to leave hanging out with him or just to not hang out with him period. I just dont feel like it. I hate to imagine what he feels that his best friend who he's known for over a year and a half just doesnt want to hang out practically ever anymore.  I feel so bad about it but I dont know if I should or not. I dont know if it makes me a bad person to want to be left alone for 99% of things
988	real	Ahhhhhhhhhhh [End Title]: Feel like shit  Feel like shit my sister who never wanted a wedding and when I got engaged Told me all The reasons she hates weddings and then don’t want to be my maid of honour went wild in a cafe saying it all has now she’s engaged not only has she got the photographer she’s got a weddding venue and a date....she treated me like shit talking about how crap weddings are and now she’s planning her wedding going all over social media saying how happy she is 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 everyone around me is like calm down ignore her but I am like ???!! How I want to scream so badly
628	real	It's been 6 years and I still have feelings for my high school crush. [End Title]: I never told him. I drew his name in bubble letters and wrote a note on the back of it telling him I'd tell him later and gave it to him shortly before we graduated but...lol it's 6 years later and..I  haven't. It's never been a good time. He reached out to me 2 years ago and told me I was his best friend in high school and while I was happy...I was also like "Damn lol still in the friendzone" and then he told me he got a girlfriend from playing video games and was still doing art and I'd had a boyfriend at the time (whom I was miserable with) mentionined I was still doing art here and there but I pretended my boyfriend at the time was the best thing ever to combat with the mentioning of him having a girlfriend. Maybe it was immature but hell..what else was I supposed to say? "Hey dump her I'm still in love with you come date me"? No way that's sick. If he was happy I wanted him to be. But it's been 6 years now...and i still think about him. And who knows maybe it's because this year has been total shit and I'm wondering how he's doing. Maybe it's the pit of lonliness that eats at me from time to time. Or maybe it's remembering how happy and safe I felt the times I did get to be with him even though we were just friends. I'm not honestly sure.  I went to check Facebook to see if we were still friends....we aren't. I have no idea why or when that happened but shit that hurt. But maybe in retrospect that means that door is closed for me and maybe it's time for me to try and open a new one because the person I'm talking to now...while they're fun and enjoyable...in the long run he's no good for me and I know it.   Jeez who am I kidding? I just want someone who's a lot like me again but a guy..and by guy I mean a real man(I've had enough boys) that makes me feel that happy, safe, warm, fuzzy feeling I literally haven't felt in the past 6 years lol I've learned to love myself but...I want to love someone else too..but the right someone else..and from all signs from life are basically telling me lol it's not him. There's gotta be another male version of me out there lol the way my friend in high school was. Maybe it won't happen maybe it will lol who knows. Maybe I need to stop listening to The 1975 and Drake for a bit and get out of my feelings for 5 seconds and take a breather. That's quite an odd combination of music anyway...
233	real	Giving up on working out [End Title]: I’m 17f and I’m naturally skinny no matter what I eat. That being said, I thought I should be healthy. I feel like such a failure but I just can’t do it. Anyone who says “working out feels great!” Is straight up lying. Working out makes me feel like shit. It makes me want to die. I hate everything about it, from the sweating to the struggling for breath to the painful muscles. Even something decently fun makes me feel like shit, and there’s nothing that’s fun enough for me to do regardless of how gross I feel during and afterwards. I know some day when I’m old I’ll be forced to work out, but as of right now I’m not doing it anymore.
734	real	I can't stop wishing to go back in time [End Title]: It's completely irrational, and counterproductive to living in the present and focusing on the future. But every day I wake up irritated and depressed that I am not waking up in the past. I've wasted my childhood and upbringing and no matter how much I try to salvage it now, I will never truly be happy without a second chance, reliving life with the experiences of my failures to guide me.  This has caused me so much emotional scarring and mental breakdown that it made a non-religious person like me start to talk to God. In the most purely selfish way - constantly wishing &amp; asking to be sent back in time, to be given just one more chance. I would do almost anything for a time machine.
655	real	I just can’t tell my parents I’m gay [End Title]: I recently realized that I’m attracted to women.  I’m really afraid that my parents won’t accept me to the point that my depression is getting worse.  What do I do?
242	real	I just realized I'm a weeb [End Title]: I was watching Fullmetal alchemist while putting a poster of The Great Wave off Kanagawa on my wall and then opened up a package of Pocky. I look back at the poster only to think that it looks like something a weeb might have on their wall. I then realize that the last 10 shows I watched were all anime, I eat pretty much exclusively rice bowls and ramen, and I have called thing kawaii in person unironically.  Cute poster though
276	real	I didn't feel love for my kids till a few months after I had them. [End Title]: I had my children and to be honest I felt not totally in love at the time. I would of course protected them from anytime. When they were a few months old I felt love for them.
77	real	Just finished an exam and not feeling so good [End Title]: So I just finished the first of my finals for my papers this semester and I really think I screwed up. I have been in university for like 6 years by now, I switched college 2 years ago due to financial and personal reason and have felt really bad because my grades had been horrible and I spent so much time here. That's why in this new college I thought to pick myself up and got some nice Bs instead of C and C- earlier this year and last year. This semester was suppose to be my last semester after 6 long years of college and watching my friends/acquaintances get jobs or ignore me since I am still stuck here but now at the very first final I fuck up and can only answer like half the questions to standard and rest is mostly gibberish and little answer. There is still a chance I can pass and I am just being a depressive, paranoid prick but the fact that I might really need to spend another semester here instead of actually finding a job at the fucking ripe age of 24 is just making me really sad so I had to get this off my chest.  &amp;#x200B;  Since I am here I just want to throw this off my chest as well: Parents getting divorced next year and mum probably wants to live with me if I get a job and I fucking barely any job experience since I had to take summer schools due to my bad grades before. Future was scary when I thought I was going to graduate and need to find a job during this fuckfest of 2020 but if I dont graduate it is going to be a fucking cherry on top.
916	real	I fantasize about killing my father [End Title]: My father was physically, verbally, and emotionally abusive to me for 14 years of my life. He stopped for the most part when I moved in with my grandparents. Occasionally he still comes over because they are his parents and they still love him, but when he’s here I still hide upstairs in case he decides to go back to old habits. Being near him makes my chest feel like it’s going to collapse, and when I can’t hide and when he tries to touch me it feels like my body is on fire. I just want him to feel a fraction of the fear or the pain that I felt. I want to hold a gun to his head and see the fear as he realizes he’s going to die. I want him to know that he’s never going to be able to hurt me or anyone else ever again.  I’m not a violent person normally, and if I told anyone I know in the real world I’m afraid they’d think I was a psychopath, but he’s the only person I want to hurt. I don’t want anyone else to get hurt at all. I just want him to suffer.
698	real	Possibly exposed to Covid, kinda freaked out [End Title]: I work for a school district as a bus attendant.  We are running on a staggered schedule and only certain students are allowed at the campuses (students in sports or that are in classes that require hands on learning like auto shop etc.), the vast majority of the students who are going to the campus are being taken by parents, but there are a few who are going by bus. This afternoon we found out someone at one of our schools tested positive for Covid. No idea if it's a student or staff member. Obviously that means we dont know if they came into contact with any of us on my bus or anything.   I am high risk, I live with my parents who are both also high risk. I haven't heard anything from the district as this was late in the day. I'm sure everything will be fine, the odds of it getting back to me arent great, but theres still a chance. I'd be lying to say I wasnt a bit worried
444	real	I'm sorry [End Title]: For any and all trouble I have caused to those who care about me. I am spending the weekend sleeping in my apartment and maybe that will help. I don't know anymore. Take care everyone.
594	real	I am feeling depressed, anxious and incredibly lonely. [End Title]: I (37 m) live with my boyfriend(29), his mother, ex brother-in-law and one of the mother's friends who moved in for some unknown reason. Because of certain world events, I got laid off ten days ago and am on unemployment. Perks of being a cook, I guess. Well, being home all the time and being an ambivert, I'm dealing with my anxiety and what not the best I can, but I'm also feeling so, incredibly lonely.     My boyfriend is an introvert and tends to stay in his room, to himself. This normally doesn't bother me because he's an introvert and I know this. We've talked about getting a room set up for us to be together, but it just hasn't happened. He's trying to spend more time with me. And I love him even more for trying, but I just feel this sense of loneliness. It may be the depression, I don't know. Anyway. Thanks for reading.
67	real	I’m unhappy with my situation [End Title]: tl;dr my parents raised 3 socially disabled children and continue to tell us they love us yet refuse to raise us rather than baby us, been stuck on this level for a good few years now  So I’ve been living at home my whole life (only 21 got a lot more life ahead of me) and I feel genuinely disabled. My whole life I always got good grades and didn’t have any physical disabilities, just I was constantly told I was a gifted kid and that’s why I was smart and did well, aswell as having a mother that still babies me to this day not teaching me anything. I can’t focus on anything at all, be it house chores or just even making sure I shower once a week at least. Mum dad left when I was 7 and we were told he was coming back for a good year just no when, only soon, and both my parents tell me they love me yet they watch me and both my sisters just sit and waste away in our early to mid 20s not living our lives. I genuinely want to have a good life but every time I try do anything I relapse into a terrible cycle of no self care at all. I can’t keep anything up and I can’t focus on anything and I don’t know what to do. I’ve been inside like this since I dropped out of year 12, past 4 years   a stat respec would be awesome
89	real	I really want to help the depressed, the mentally disturbed and lost souls [End Title]: A bit of background, I did some unforgivable things out of selfishness and arrogance a month ago and lost a couple of real dear people I held very close to heart. That affected me and still affects me because I'm a very clingy people oriented person and they were the first people I really connected with, who appreciated me for who I am. These few months have been a very dark time for me as a result and I really felt hollow, lost and lifeless. There was almost nobody to listen and help me. But because I was that bad and miserable, I really don't want anyone else to feel that way cause no one deserves that much mental pain, especially be alone in such a time. So I have decided I want to help such people, be there for them, listen to their pain and do my best to make them rise above it. It's the least I can do to atone for what I did and what can make me feel better.
393	real	Snooping Around People's Houses #1 [End Title]: Recently I posted on r/confession about my habit of snooping around people's private property while I was at their house for home renovation jobs. It got removed for some reason while I was writing this, so I will post it again on my account just for reference. Go read that if you want more context to this post. I want to post about all my experiences with this hobby that I have found myself in. I have nosed around people's houses thoroughly around 15 times now.   &amp;#x200B;  Here is the original post for context:  [Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/user/yarbisnt/comments/ghwhyt/i_have_an_addiction_to_snooping_through_peoples/)  &amp;#x200B;  This happened around a  year ago. My father and I were tasked with fixing some wiring going to a house's hot water heater. It was just us doing this. It was a pretty standard job at first, but whenever we were replacing the wire that went under the home and then up into the room that housed the circuit breaker box, the wire was caught and couldn't be pulled any further. My dad decided that he should go under the house and check it out. I helped him get in the hole and then went back in waiting for his further commands from under the house. I then realized the freedom that I had due to no one watching me, so I quickly started to poke my nose where it didn't belong in that house.   &amp;#x200B;  I started in the utility room. I sifted through piles and piles of garbage and towels that looked like they hadn't been used in 12 years. Nothing of note was in there. I then got my eyes on the prize, the bedroom. Bedroom are good places to find many personal belongings and I have done it many times in the past. I first slowly opened the door and looked if there are any cameras in there, which is what I usually do when going into a personal room like a bedroom or closet. I've never found one in a bedroom, but there was one in a living room one time, and that spooked me hard when I saw it starring at me.   &amp;#x200B;  Anyways, I went into the room and started looking around. It was a pretty trashy room; garbage on the ground, a literal jar of milk just sitting there, and a mattress situated on the floor. Now, I have never done and sort of drugs or anything like that, so I'm not sure if the smell was weed, cocaine, or just B.O., but it hit me like a wall. It had my eyes watering at some points it was so bad. I looked around further and didn't really find anything notable in the main room, other than the aforementioned jar of milk, some dvd's strewn on the floor, and about 7 lighters. The closet was the real jackpot of this particular escapade.   &amp;#x200B;  On the floor of the closet was many many raggedy shoes with cartoon characters on them, as well as misplaced high heels and a pair of tattered work boots. There was a box on the floor that housed a brown bag with 2 bottles of alcohol. I didn't get the brand or what type of alcohol it was, but one was wide and one was more skinny. I then looked up on the shelf just above the clothes hangers and found some really notable things. There was a nice plate with a white substance laying on it and a 100 dollar bill rolled up into a straw like shape. I knew immediately that it was cocaine. I grabbed the money and examined it. It was very stiff, like plastic stiff. There was cocaine at one end of it as well. The thing that most unnerved me about finding these things is that I knew that this family had a very young child. I saw many pictures of her in the house already. She was, like, just done saying her first sentence sort of young.   &amp;#x200B;  I finished up in there and headed to the kitchen. The kitchen wasn't normally a hotbed for anything interesting but this time it was different. On the counter was a Department of Human Services paper that looked to be some sort of drug test results letter. I am honestly not sure if that is what it 100% was, but it did reveal some damning things about the parents. I don't know which parent this was for, but they had tested positive for cocaine and methamphetamine. This wasn't all that I found in the kitchen, though. There was a ticket (I don't know what the official document was called) in a cabinet that had on a "Violations" line, "Domestic Battery 2nd". That was the final thing i had to see to determine that this family was royally fucked up.   &amp;#x200B;  That was pretty much the end of my search, thanks for reading.
154	fake	Im going to fucking lose it yoooo [End Title]: Girls are cute  Cute things are cute I love cute things  I love girls  I want to be cute  Thanks for reading
673	real	Back in highschool i used to hide my unoppened cigarette pack and ask others for cigarettes. [End Title]: I always had a full or almost full pack of cigs at me in case of emergency, but i still asked others for cigs when we got out to smoke during breaks. I wasn't poor but free stuff is free stuff.
417	real	My best friend admitted to me that she has been in love with me since the day we met. And I have been too. [End Title]: My best friend and I went away on vacation this weekend. While out there she admitted to me after several drinks that she has been in love with me since the day we first met and has never stopped loving me.  I was shook, mainly because I have also been in love with her since the very first day I met her but I buried it deep inside to not screw up our budding friendship. We both professed our love for each other and it was highly emotional. The big issue is back home she has a boyfriend and I am still with my girlfriend. We agreed not to go out of our ways to break up or break up each other up form who we are with. We agreed that if it ever happens it happens. But I just don’t know what to do and how to emotionally handle it because all of the what if’s are killing me.
299	real	Video game [End Title]: I bought Zelda breath of the wild thinking I’ll be into it. &amp; I’m not. It isn’t what I thought it would be. I’m already bored playing it. is it wrong of me to return it not give it a full try ?
726	real	I hate it when my aunt visits. [End Title]: She’s fine, but her undisciplined kids are horrible. I avoid them like they’re the plague. I remember going through great lengths to avoid them when I was little. One time my mom told me they were visiting the next day so I slept till 4am so that I would fall asleep during day time. They once visited, but my aunt didn’t know if my mom was home so she sent her kids to check. For some reason, every single one of her kids came to ask instead of it being just the oldest one. When we opened the door the younger ones just ran in and the older kid did nothing to stop them. It didn’t help that it was raining so their shoes were dirty. They started asking us for snacks and if we had any consoles for them to play with. They ran around the halls looking for stuff to do. Thank goodness my mom wasn’t home. My dog dislikes them too...
199	real	I have been letting a spider live in my shower for a week, and now I’m attached to it.. [End Title]: First off, I am not Australian.  A week ago I noticed a tiny spider built a web in the corner of my shower, right above the shower head. Normally I’d panic, but it didn’t seem to be moving. I just finished up my shower real quick and let it stay.  The next day I went to shower, it was still there. I figured it had been there for that long that it’d be safe to shower under this time. Besides, I was already naked inside the shower. I wasn’t going to get out and put on some clothes to grab a ladder or cleaner spray or vacuum or whatever weapon I was going to use. I decided to let it be and that I’d kill it later.  Well fast forward a week and the little guy is still there. I’m mildly scared of him but he’s also not doing much harm either. I guess my biggest fear is if its a baby and it’ll grow up to become some poisonous spider or something.. I have also seen him move in his web a few times, so I know he’s still alive. I just don’t know if I could bring myself to kill him at this point. I just feel morally attached to this guy..
510	real	Getting cats is feeling like the worst decision I’ve made. [End Title]: I took in 2 kittens back in the spring. At the beginning everything seemed good, they seemed like calm kittens who other than kitten play, didn’t really cause any trouble. Now, trouble is all they cause.  I’m losing sleep every single night to the point of being in tears everyday. They scratch the walls, run through the house like maniacs at 2 am and recently, both have gone into heat (females) and WILL NOT STOP MEOWING. The clinics around have been booked up for months and the earliest I was able to get them in is going to be January. I am losing my mind! I love them but this is insane. Staying up all hours of the night to take care of something is the reason I’ve chosen so far to NOT have kids. Yet, here I am dealing with two cats tearing up my house and crying non stop. I understand that this is just cat behavior but I can’t take it. I’m constantly terrified they’re going to mess my apartment up or my neighbors are going to call and complain about the noise. I do love them but I’m wishing I wouldn’t have taken them. It hurts me to even admit it bc they are both sweet cats but I actually do care about taking care of my stuff and my home and I NEED sleep with the work I do and the stress I’m under most of the time. I just want to cry.
39	real	Dammit. You're worth it. YOU. [End Title]: So many people hurt and want to escape. I kick the thought around myself a lot.   But my existence is part of other peoples lives. My life is woven into many other lives that I don't even know about.   Yesterday, a woman that works where I get lunch stopped me as I walked by. I've never talked to her. She said, "hi, I just wanted to tell you I'm leaving here, I got a job in [other city]. Just wanted to tell you because I see you every day."  Who the hell am I? I'm nobody. I just barely did more than wave and smile to this woman. But I had some kind of impact on her that I never even knew about. If she left and hadn't told me, I might never have noticed until I saw someone different there.  But if I killed myself because I thought no one even knew I existed, and she somehow found out? I wonder how that would affect her if I was important enough that she wanted me to share her excitement. And I thought about the people that I count on but never talk to. Lady at the lunch cash register every day (not the girl that's leaving), but I never chat with her. Today I asked her how her day was going and I saw her smile for the first time. I'd be shocked and sad if she killed herself.     Don't kill yourself. Don't think you're worthless. If your father tells you that, or your mother forgets you exist, they are wrong, and they are not the only ones you have touched by being you.   Life is made of temporary conditions. Unemployed today, working tomorrow.  Sick today, healthy next week. Sleeping on a friends couch today, in your own place next month. No friends today, but part of a group next year. Single now, madly in love next week. These conditions are not the rest of your life! These will pass, and you will be better. And you will be worse. But you will be none of them if you give up. You will end at your low and never find your high.   Your mood is temporary. You'll get through this. Don't end it before the story is over, when there could be a rich, full, life of love tomorrow or in a year.
206	real	why do i have no confidence? [End Title]: i 23M have zero confidence. Skipped going out with my friends downtown tonight cause i didn’t want to interact with people. i rarely reach out reach out to my friends first. when people text me i take long periods of time to respond so that the conversation is short. i smoke weed everyday and have been for the past 5 years. never had a long term relationship. i always feel shy and awkward around people. i feel numb all the time. i don’t care about anything. i’m a normal guy with normal friends i just don’t know what’s happened to me over the past few years.   i feel like i’m depressed without really realizing it. i just feel trapped in my body and smoke away all my emotions so i don’t have to worry about anything. i’m tired of feeling this way. I just moved to a new city and all i’ve done is sit inside. i’m mad at myself and feel like i can be better yet i do the same thing every day and don’t even try to change.
530	real	Advice?!? [End Title]: I don’t know if my brain needs to stop daydreaming but my crazy self loves to do many things and thinks that I can be like Barbie and have a crazy amount of jobs?!? I don’t know, but what I do know is that I want to see if I can go to a technical college and study for an LPN and then also have a small business on Etsy selling jewelry?? I’m not sure if that is a thing I can do, I weirdly came up with that but idk if I can go through with that? Is that something that I can do? Help??!! Please and thanks!!!
943	real	Sometimes I get really horny when I’m sad [End Title]: I was really depressed when I was with my ex, a lot of it was due to our unhealthy relationship, which I realise now. A lot of the time he didn’t know how to support me when I was crying or upset, so he would just initiate sex to make me feel better. Now that’s left me with kind of weird relationships with both sadness and sex, and sometimes when I’m sad I’ll find myself also feeling aroused and it leaves me really confused.   He was my first everything, we broke up a year ago and I haven’t been in a committed relationship since. I guess I’m just finally admitting this to myself, and realising a lot of the unhealthy habits and associations I have acquired that I need to work through and rewrite.
446	real	Car sex in my back seat. [End Title]: So I have a GF and we’re taking a break and we separated and I talk to someone new now and we are interested in each other after couple weeks but fast forward to the story last night we had car sex in front of someone apartment building for a good hour and a half she literally rode me the whole time and I came in her and today we chillen again :). Maybe I’ll post the whole story in a different form.
482	real	I'm still so angry [End Title]: I can't stand looking at my wedding photos, even though it's only been a couple of months. He's ruined my memories by being a lying little shit. I'm putting so much effort into the reconciliation but I'm still so angry and its draining me.   He would get drunk and text other women. He told his ex he loved her. He sent sexual messages to some other woman (and not even anything hot, I dont see what she got out of it). He kissed some guy cause he bought him drinks. He hit on my friend and she never told me about it. I cant even look at her face any more - not that it's her fault, she's just a reminder of how little respect he had for me.   He told me he would never cheat on me when I disclosed all my past relationships involving similar behaviour.  His reasoning is shit. I MADE him feel bad and he would react by getting blackout drunk and doing these things. Fuck that noise. I didn't make him do shit.   He disrespected me. He drank our money instead of helping out with saving for our house and wedding. Instead, my parents had to help us out. And he let them knowing he could have saved more. The absolute cheek of it!  He's trying. He really is. He's quit drinking completely. He's more active around the house. He's in therapy. He's trying to be more involved in my interests and expressing his love more. But I dont know if it's enough.   I deserve to be loved. I deserve respect. I deserve honesty. I deserve loyalty.   I am still so angry, and I dont know if I'll ever be able to let it go.
525	real	Crying is cleansing but it painful [End Title]: I have some odd sinus problems, that when I cry  I mean even a little tear from a dog video it hurts. Lately I have been going through a rough patch and just want to cry like a good sob to work out all these emotions and me dories.  But it’s like my body knows it will hurt so as soon as I get emotional my sinuses start to tighten and fill = I can’t cry anymore.
768	real	I don't know why I hate trans people. [End Title]: I just do. Especially "trans kids" it makes me so anger seeing that. It's child abuse in that case. But I know the adults don't truly deserve hate but I still don't like them.
635	real	Can we just begin this war and get it over with? [End Title]: Not sure if it will be racial, political, religious, gender or what. But one thing is clear. We are headed for a massive conflict.  Rise of the alt right with Andy Ngo giving out names to kill lists, very recent disappearance of a shit ton of black women, police, and the tumpers..  Democrats vs Republicans? Who knows. But shit is getting serious.  Ah. Yes. The good ol Christians and Jew good, Muslims bad.  Kill all men.  I don't think there has ever been a time of divide between humans in modern times. And it keeps getting worse.   I for one am tired of wondering how this will all end. As a black man, I know I'm on the shitty end of whatever this conflict will be. I just want it to be done and over with so we can start rebuilding.
267	real	Almost got my car stolen and now I can’t even look at it. [End Title]: My parents gifted me a car for my 18th birthday and I loved it in every single way. A month after it was gifted to me I went to an observation point alone, I was sitting on the passenger side of my car looking at the city when 2 guys came to me and tried to steal my car. One of them violently shaked and grabbed me from the neck while the other one was looking in my pockets for the keys. Thankfully, they didn’t know how to put it in gear and a police patrol was passing by, leading the robbers to flee, and one of them got caught. After an intense night of paperwork and telling the story countless of times I came back home with my car intact but with a big trauma. This happened recently 2 weeks ago but I can’t get over the fact that I could’ve got killed or harmed while doing no harm to no one. I’ve abstained myself of looking at my car or even getting in it, as it trigger flashbacks and just plainly make me sick. Right now I just want to return the car to the dealership but they won’t receive it because it’s used and what not, and selling it is not an option. How am I gonna tell my parents that I no longer want it? It’ll break their heart to know that their hard earned money went to waste, my mom will probably take me to a shrink and college is already stressful enough to be taking pills. Help me, Reddit.
370	real	Found out guy I've been dating is married with kids [End Title]: I ate a fuckton of chocolate today y'all. He was so fun to talk to too. We click amazingly, but the fucker is married. I feel like such a fool. And it's disappointing that he's the type of person who would do this.
915	real	Feels like I am not making my decision anymore. [End Title]: It feels like every decision in my personal life is based on the feedback of someone. I have to adjust everything , so that I make the maximum people happy. I feel like nobody cares what I want to do. If I talk to them, they say that 'you do whatever you want to do'. But, it feels like they don't want me to do what I want. I get so conflicted that whatever decision I will make I will feel bad, so I take the lesser evil. I just take the decision which feel just bad for me. I have no courage to make someone else feel bad.
678	real	I am the definition of a failure [End Title]: Welp. I truly wanna get this off my chest, there’s no one I can say all this to. So I’m just gonna say it here. I am a failure, my entire life. As a young kid immigrating to America I failed to make friends, due to cultural differences, being awkward, etc.   Talking to girls, been rejected without even getting a chance. The only girl I have ever expressed feelings to was so repulsed that she started liking girls, obviously it’s not me, I find it funny how the only girl I said I like had other intentions.   Something I truly wanted as a kid and teen growing up was making the school basketball team. I was/am fat, so obviously I wasn’t going to make the team. One year I lost a lot of weight, was in the basketball gym Every. Single. Day! Until the next year tryouts. There was a switch in coaches, the football coach became the basketball coach. I got cut last day of tryouts, it was like the last 3 spots. He picked his football players over me and some other kids. This hurt me after putting in that hard work.   In high school, I studied hard and because my parents didn’t make much money I had a top 10 university (my dream school) in the US offer me a scholarship. So I was like my luck is finally turning, wrong. I apply, my sat score was not as high, they deferred me and ultimately ghosted me. What hurt from this was they offered me a full ride scholarship only to reject me Bc I didn’t have a competitive enough application compared to other students at my school. I settled for another local school where I also got a full ride from.   In college I majored in Biology hoping to get into medical school. I tried getting research positions, got rejected by every single lab I applied to. Some of those labs, I was more qualified than the others but some had friends in that lab with professors and ultimately got picked over me.   Applied to 40 medical schools, not a single one accepted my preliminary application and offered to interview me. I graduated, can’t find a job other than entry level jobs that don’t require a degree. Some in the medical field require a license, so I can’t even apply to them.   Now I sit at my parents home, doing nothing everyday disappointing them. No friends….literally. Have 2 close ones, 1 is in med school moving on without me, the other is successful in his career and is starting to have a family and also moving on from me. Literally only 2 friends, now former as we haven’t met face to face since pandemic stated (only say hi and send a couple snaps a few times a week). So I truly have 0 friends. No romantic relationships. No job. No future. Nothing   I am a failure, every thing I do or try or hope for ends the same.   (I’m not suicidal btw, I’ve never and will never think of that stuff, I can be contempt being a loser failure for the rest of my life—it’s pretty normal for me, I’m numb to it).
837	real	Masturbate every night until 3am at reading adult manga in Manga Park [End Title]: This is weird as such sometimes before I got my period. I start feeling the urge to masturbate.   And my excuse for instead of not watching porn hub site as reading an adult manga would be an alternative. Reason for reading manga is because it doesn't require headphone (no sound would be better, because I am afraid that when I accidentally pulled it off. It would be awkward.  I lived with my parents and share a bedroom with my sister so it's good. But whenever my sister going somewhere, my bad habit just came back.   Another excuse I made for masturbating is that I told myself is that I Needed it, everyone need to have sex to satisfy themselve once in awhile right? "So, if I just masturbate to satisfy myself without involve in anyone, I am much better off than having sex with someone else!" {Me, trying to comfort myself :) }  I done it because I feel like I still have energy and I can't fall as sleep. So, I exhaust myself by masturbating thus I can easily fall as sleep.   Usually it took me around 3 hours for reading adult, mature manga and doing it until I so tired that I fall back as sleep.   However, when I wake up at 9am tomorrow for work,  I exhausted, lack of sleep. And the uneasy feeling of incompleted to start off the day are crushing me. I feel like I am not keeping my promise with myself.  The night before, when I promise myself that I would stop reading manga and masturbate, I ended up breaking that promise so easily. I tell myself that I rather using that time to doing homework and studied to take certificates for my future. Then, ended up listen to my body react as I am lazy to lay at bed first just to checking out Youtube to see what news, then I gather to Canvas for what assignment need to be done then I start slowly to just reading a couple of page of manga. Then I start to read more, more, I turn off the light, thinking that it's 11pm already late, so "this is the time for me, I deserve some good to make me feel good!" . Another voice also remind me to stand up open the laptop and open email to search for a certificate practice online source and studied for it.  That voice just keep blaming me at I am an underserve success ful as such keep falling into blank state.   That voice remind me that I can not eat and stay for free at your parents house forever, and I need to find a job, a company that will hire you after you finish in college. That voice that keep telling me to find a good boyfriend whom you should be married and him will taking care of you and your family. that voice telling you that your parents is not rich and they have to work really hard for it to keep food on the table and electricity for the house. The voice tell me that he had given you every good things like internet but you won't use it for good purpose and trying to hide from him that you use it to satisfying your self as masturbating.
967	real	This is what self worth and self respect look like [End Title]: Walking away from someone who you may love tremendously but who didn't honor you.  You deserve someone who puts in an equal amount of effort into the relationship.  Someone who makes you feel seen, heard and understood.   Having faith that someone who is honest and true will come along, but that sticking to someone who lies, cheats and takes you for granted is not a good or real partner in the first place.  You deserve to be with someone whose character you trust and believe in; the alternate is a life of misery and denial and that this too, is a choice, whether consciously or not.
559	real	That kid hurt my feelings. [End Title]: I'm in my thirties and my feelings were hurt by some kid under the age of ten. My siblings and I were eating at a restaurant and on our way out these two girls under the age of ten accompanied by three young adults were at the table behind us and saw us leave our table. One of the kids said 'That is creepy!' repeatedly. And when the adults asked what was creepy, the child then continued to say 'her eyes are creepy!' and none of them said anything.  That is where it starts. And I'm one hundred percent sure that the kid was talking about myself or my brother and sister because we were the only non-white people there and also the only other people they could possibly be looking at. And here I am in my thirties recollecting the time when I was younger and my peers pointed out how creepy my eyes were because it isn't exactly like what they're used to seeing. I'm not deformed. I have Asian eyes and they aren't that small. But they aren't exactly white people eyes either.  I know this kid doesn't know any better but that is where it starts. And the fact that the adults didn't say anything I can only imagine and have an idea as to how this kid will grow up. And no, not all kids are like that. When I was younger, I had so many non-Asian friends who didn't point out how different I looked and in such a way that made me feel ugly and a freak.  I felt like the younger version of myself when I heard that kid say that and it hurt. I felt worthless at that moment. And came spiraling down all of my experiences that weren't so great.  I shouldn't be offended or hurt. The kid is under ten. But here I am typing this to get this off my chest.
842	real	I feel like I am married to a person that is completely selfish and has no motivation to do anything. [End Title]: Just pissed off right now. Will probably get over it. But my significant other I feel is so selfish and completely only worries about themselves. Weather its helping with dishes, or laundry, or even just cleaning up a mess they made. Just ignores it and expects someone else to pick it up. Then they want to be praised when they did dishes 1 time.  I just needed to vent. Thanks
568	real	Prejudice mom group? [End Title]: So maybe I'm just over thinking, but I think the moms in my other mom group might be racist or just prejudice. They're all white and I have a mixed baby and everytime I post a picture of him the group leaves me on read and goes silent but the rest of these women have white baby's and everytime they post a picture they say nice things and are super sweet. Maybe it's just me and I'm over thinking but I've noticed it's only me that they do this to. I haven't seen any other mixed babies in the group either. I could just be overreacting. I don’t wanna be the person to screams “racist!” But I’m just getting that vibe. My biggest fear is for my baby to experience racism, even though I’ll have to face the fact that this could happen one day and there’s nothing I can do to stop it. But I don’t wanna be apart of a mom group that’s apart of the problem.
293	real	I ran(bumped) into a car and lied about it to the owners face. [End Title]: So I had a super stressful day today and while at a store, I was parked next to a really long truck. I needed to turn out towards the car and the first attempt resulted in my bumping( my white ass car) into the back of his truck. It wasn’t hard, wasn’t even pushing the gas, but nonetheless still bumped it. I didn’t see any marks on his truck as I pulled out correctly and forgot about it. As I’m waiting in my store he comes in and makes a shitty remark to me( I literally thought he was talking to someone else because I had already forgot about it) and then he goes “ did you hit my car”. By the way he looks PISSED. And his body language freaked me out. So I lied and said no, I didn’t think I did. I thought I spammed on the brakes when I got too close.... he saw me do it. 🙄 but neither of our cars had ANY marks on them. I told him I was sorry and if he wanted to exchange insurances and we could go take a look at our cars to see if there is any damage. He says no, still super pissed, and tells me to say something about hitting someone’s car next time and storms out of the store. I felt so ducking bad today and can’t get his face out of my head. My heart still is skipping a beat thinking about it cause it could’ve been way worse.  I am sorry I lied. :(    Edit: Ironically I was literally getting work done on my car and was to move my car into the shop when I bumped the truck.
878	real	restricting food [End Title]: t/w eating disorder   This might be silly for some, but I need to get it off my chest.   Last summer I started restricting my eating heavily and lost 10 kg in a short amount of time. I managed to stay at that weight over the past year. My mum was VERY worried, but I lied to her and said that I ate breakfast and lunch at school, which I didn’t. I skip breakfast and lunch, and then I eat a small dinner at 5 and then some oatmeal in the evening. Which is a routine that worked for me and I felt comfortable with.   Now to my problem; now when it’s summer she’s off from work for a couple of weeks. And when she’s home, she’s over me 24/7 and forces me to eat all 4 meals. This is obviously really hard for me with anorexia, and I am so scared that I’ll gain all that weight back. I’ve already noticed that my thighs are getting bigger again &gt;-&lt;. She has been home for about 2 weeks and she’s going to be home for another 2 weeks. When she’s at work again, obviously I can start restricting again (that will say only eat 2 times a day) but I am scared that now when she’s home I’ll gain a lot of weight, and I won’t be able to lose it again. My question is, if I after these remaining 2 weeks of eating as my mum wants me to, starts restricting again over the upcoming months, will I lose weight again then? I am so worried I won’t be able to lose those kg I’m going to gain now when my mum watches over me and forces me to eat.
109	fake	Every time you transphobes complain, we create 5 more genders. &lt;3 [End Title]: In response to the 'coming out as clowngender' trans post where someone was calling it a 'shitpost'. Seriously you transphobes are pathetic if you think transgender people don't exist!  So here's ***5 more genders! &lt;3***   Balangender - a gender with a strong association with the 'Balan Wonderworld' game! Pronouns: Bal/an  NiGHTsgender - a gender with a strong association with the SEGA character ''NiGHTs'' Pronouns: NiGHTs/dreams!  Timgender - a gender with a strong association to the Tims from the Balan Wonderworld game. Pronouns Tim/Tims  Avigender - a gender associated with commercial airplanes such as A330 or 737's.  Pronouns Plane/aircraft  Tapirgender - a gender associated with Tapirs! Pronouns: Tapir/tapirs!
148	real	Why in a family friendly video game... [End Title]: (This happened about 1 month ago so i may not have everything in detail) So i was just casually playing roblox (don't judge me I enjoy it) and I was just having a stroll around in a game that I hadn't played for a while. And there were some girls (i think, i don't know these days who anyone can be behind an account) they were being in a mood of love ish. Keep in mind Roblox is a child friendly game and there were other people on the server seeing this, and they were looking at my house in this game and they were being gold diggering my house because it looked expensive and it was that. So one of the girls asked me if i wanted to date them, i of course said no and she kept on talking to me like i was her boyfriend even tho i had never talked to them physically or ever been friends with them. And another girl came in and talked to me about being her boyfriend, i said no once again and walked away, she saw my username and it looked Norwegian to her (i am Norwegian and made my account back in 2016 and i didn't want to change it) Then this coversation happens. RG Random girl M Me (All in the conversation was said in Norwegian)RG: Are you Norwegian?M: No (I said it quickly and didn't think about what i was saying before messanging)RG: How did you know what i said then?RG: And your name is Norwegian.M: (I started to type, but couldn't do it quick enough. I was trying to type in the chat that i had learned a bit of norwegian because i don't like to give away personal info)RG: You are probably horny.RG: Fuck me.And I don't really remember anything else from this.  There were more people involved in this, but i don't really remember it.  The two main people were blocked and reported after the conversation.
99	real	I have an obsessive attitude [End Title]: When it comes to planning my death or thinking of ways to do it.   Is that normal?
381	real	I want to become a manager for the produce department at my grocery store, and I don't care if people think it's lame. [End Title]: ***I meant to use the word "pathetic" instead of lame in the title, please forgive me, I did not mean to insult anyone.    I started when I was 17 on register and absolutely hated it. I would come home crying because customers would say really inappropriate NSFW comments to me and were overall just really rude.  The tipping point was when an out of state guy got mad at me for asking for his ID for alcohol. He got irratated because he didn't understand why I was carding him and proceeded to pull out his phone, film me and tell at me, telling me he would post it everywhere so people could see how incompetent I was.   So I asked to transfer to the produce department as soon as I turned 18 and have been working there ever since (I also do floral on the weekends.)   I really love working with produce. It sounds lame to many I'm sure, but I don't care. It makes me happy. I'm in community college and I'm about to turn 19, but I keep working hard and my manager came up to me to tell me that I always do an excellent job when I close down the department late at night. He also said he recognized my ambition and hard work.   I love being able to learn how to prep greens, lift things, move around etc all day. It makes me happy when I get to talk to an elderly person who otherwise has no one to talk to. I used to joke with my friends saying I didn't care about this because I didn't want this to be a permanent job, but honestly I found something I really enjoy doing. Yes, I still have days where customers can be really rude and they think that they can say whatever they want to you, but the kind customers make my day. I still intend on getting a masters in art and illustration, but I am so happy that I can wake up excited to go to work. Whether it's getting to see my co-workers, or meet some really awesome customers and make their day, I'm ready for what the day brings.  **Edit** thank you for all your kind words my dudes, I worked up the courage to ask what I need to do to get there and they are working with me on a plan for the future. I'm really excited and they seemed happy for me. They teased me a bit though about being the only chick in the dept but it was all in good fun. To all of you and your replies, I thank you all :)
345	real	All my life I feel I’ve needed a male partner to make me love and accept myself. [End Title]: This is my first post on here. I’m not great with trying to articulate how I feel though I’ve always felt this way and found myself stuck in this constant pattern.   I’ve come to a realisation that I don’t think I’ve ever truly been happy with myself. I think it’s stemmed from a young age - around 12/13? Basically I’ve always been in a relationship. My first high school love was when I was 13, I was in that relationship for nearly 3 years, breaking up when I found out various times that the first love of my life cheated on me and continued to do so throughout the relationship. At the time it really messed with my confidence and self esteem, however now I’m fine about it because he was just a kid and so was I.   After that I was heartbroken obviously, though I kept thinking I need to find someone else to make me feel better. Along came my second relationship in college, this was a bit more mature but we were still kids just turning into young adults, 16-19, we were together nearly 3 years again. I got worried that it was going to be a pattern and that I’d never get passed the 3 year mark haha. If I’m honest this relationship was good for me at the time and I was actually the one that broke it off. This partner was in my life during the painful passing of my father, he passed away unfairly and cruelly to pancreatic cancer, my family and I were with him to watch him go. With this happening it fucked me up for a while, I was quite hard to deal with which is understandable being a 17 year old going on 18, my partner was young and didn’t know how to deal with me at first and was avoiding me most of the time to go out with his friends which is completely understandable as he only just turned 18, it’s normal!at the time I became so angry with my friends and just basically everyone around me because they seemed to be doing fine and living normal teenage lives while I had to grow up so quickly and try to get past the traumatic event...however he became more supportive towards the end which was amazing for him to deal with at such a young age. There were so many issues over the few years we were together as I felt he stopped trying and I found out that he actually had a drug problem which I had no idea about as I was distracted with my own problems. I think we were good for each other at the time but something was missing and I realised this after everything that happened.   However, I ended this relationship because someone else came along and really brought excitement into my life which was missing from the relationship I was currently in. I feel awful really looking back because I was getting closer to this new person, we met at my best friends uni and I just sort of thought I don’t want to be in the relationship I’m currently in because, well to be honest I was bored, our spark was gone and he didn’t want to do anything with me really so it became stagnant and I felt he wasn’t giving me something I needed.   Now...this third relationship was literally everything I wanted and more. I honestly believe we were perfect for each other and I still kinda do but it’s so different now. It was like a fairytale and I so stupidly fell for it all. He had me right where he wanted - I dislike him so much for it, I can’t use the word hate because I don’t hate him at all. I still love him as it’s still very raw the break up, as it’s only been a few months. He knew exactly what he wanted out of me and knew how to play me. I believe he really did love me at first, though it just went down hill, it was even harder because of the long distance, we lived over 100 miles apart from each other and we missed each other everyday. Him, being in the army was even more difficult. I can honestly say even though he’s in a quite a senior position in the army, I completely understood that his men came first. Though surely I would be at least on his list of priorities right? I can honestly say I did everything for that boy. I drove in the middle of the night for hours just to go up and see him, even only for one night. Everyone thought I was off my head, which now I’m out of the relationship I agree. I never want myself to be that pathetic again considering it was hardly reciprocated. I adhered to his every need and I can honestly say (without trying to sound big headed) that I was a perfect girlfriend for him. I held onto the little things he did for me, he might’ve bought me chocolate or made tea for me which was most times as I don’t think he trusted my cooking abilities, though it was sweet. All our friends and family would say that we are so wonderful together and we were made for each other, which is what I’ve always wanted, I would go into more detail about how much I loved this relationship at the beginning and the middle but it’s not what I’m trying to explain. I just became so dependent on him, his words, his actions, everything was for him. Then rumours started that he cheated on me with a girl from his regiment - I can’t prove this though as it’s just rumours from our circle of friends, so I wouldn’t want to put it on him. He is a good person he just has lots of issues I think. I didn’t want to believe this obviously and shrugged it off but now I think of it more each day and I just want to know what I did wrong and what I could’ve done better, I tried so hard and I still wasn’t enough. I never am in any relationship it’s like they just give up and drain me of all my energy and love once they’ve got bored of me.   This one has fucked up my self esteem massively and he will never know the damage that he has caused me. There were very...very dark parts to him which I didn’t question as he has a lot of baggage. I realise he is a huge fantasist and would tell me false promises which broke me completely, I was always waiting for my 21st birthday present, my Christmas present, our date night, our weekend away...I would spoil him so much and I got nothing in return except for these false promises and a few compliments and kind words which I thought was enough for me, it’s sad because I still believe that’s what I deserve as he was/is a good looking guy and I’m so below average.   From these relationships I’ve realised a pattern within myself. I feel like I NEED a male in my life to be happy. At first I thought this is because of my father passing but when I really look back. It isn’t. It started before it, probably as a child. I completely and utterly believe that I will never be happy with myself if I don’t have a male partner who loves me unconditionally and tells me I’m beautiful every single day. The fact is I really struggle mentally with myself. I’ve cut and scratched at my skin multiple times as I hate my body and I’m so angry at myself for being so pathetic and weak - I put myself down massively. I’ve recently gotten awful acne out of nowhere and it’s preventing me from going outside. It’s been ongoing for years and I struggle to see how to get better. That’s why I think I can only love myself when I have a companion. As I forget about the parts of me that I hate sometimes when I’m with them as they compliment me.   I now just have sex for fun and to try to feel like I’m worth something to boost my confidence. I love the attention I get from guys though lately I think that’s kinda fucked up. I don’t know if it’s wrong or if I actually like this and I am doing it for me? That’s what I get confused about. Throughout my life weird, uncomfortable, sexual experiences have happened with my grandad (he groped me when I was younger and use to make inappropriate comments to me though I didn’t take much notice to this until he passed, I’m over it really there’s nothing to be said/done as it’s over), my tutor/teacher and randoms...it’s awful really as most females go through this or have had some sort of harassment, so it’s not rare. With these experiences I remember I just let them happen, I never defended myself or said anything and I don’t know why, however I’ve gotten a bit better with something that I don’t want, though when it comes to sex I want the guy to just treat me like shit as it excites me...is that wrong? Every time I look in the mirror I’m so disgusted with what I see and I think this is why I was cheated on, this is why I’m not a priority, this is why I’m a burden, an inconvenience. I’ve experienced and gained more self esteem issues from my relationships though I can’t seem to just get my head around staying single. It’s so hard to love yourself in my generation, it’s such a common theme and it’s so sad that I see my best friends speak so badly about themselves when they’re actually so beautiful and have beautiful souls. I wish I was like them and they don’t even realise.   I’m not really sure why or what I want to gain from posting this, I think it’s just to get off my chest. I’m always searching for someone when I should really just focus on myself I just don’t know how when I constantly have such dark negative thoughts.  Thank you for taking time to read this if you got this far.
134	real	I stole someone's phone in summer camp when I was 7 years old. [End Title]: So this took place 6 years ago, I was seven years old. First grade, my grandma thought it was a good idea to take me to summer camp, most of the kids there we're 7-15 years old, so the first few months was pretty good, but then I had an idea. In the mornings all the kids had to go outside to listen to the counselor's announcements, while the kids we're outside I quickly snuck into other peoples dorms and took stuff without permission, I stole things such as cookies, drinks, action figures, all that stuff that a typical 7 year old would steal. At the time I always wanted a phone, so I thought it was a good idea to steal one. There was this dorm that was full of kids that looked 13-15 years old, they all had phones. I went into their dorm and I saw one of them kids was in there, he was kinda my friend so he allowed me to be in there, There was a bed behind him, the bed that was behind him was his roommates bed, there was a blue phone on his bed, just laying there, so the second that the guy turned around I put it into my pocket and dipped, the second I ran into my dorm all my roommates we're outside so I decided to look through the phone. It had a password on it, because there was a password on it the only thing I was able to do while using the phone was call people and take pictures. I decided to prank call 911, yes, I prank called 911. I dialed 911 on this dudes phone, and as soon as I pressed 'call' I automatically hung up. I did that alot of times and at the end of the day when the sun was setting down and everyone was getting ready to go to sleep the police arrived to the camp, I didn't know what happened. The next day my roommates caught me using the phone, the first thing I said was "I had this phone this entire time, i just never showed it." then the counselor found out that it was me and he took my phone away, the very next day my counselor comes into my dorm and instead of giving me back my phone he put me into trouble, took me outside, and yelled at me in front of other kids. A bunch of people, pretty much the entire camp came over, surrounded me, and listened to my counselor confront me. Then a few days later I just went home. Luckily my parents never found out, and this was the first time I ever told this story.
544	fake	new accounts w/low karma [End Title]: As u/bootlegmacguyver pointed out, it's hard to make a start.
244	real	6 years ago I stole the best pair of socks in human history [End Title]: 6 years ago I got invited as a + one to a house party and my feet got really cold because of the granite floor. The home owner, which I did not know, gave me "the best pair of socks in human history".  He wasn't joking. They are super warm, but don't make my feet sweat. After a night of drinking I forgot to take them off and stuffed myself into my boots.  Next morning I told myself I will give them back when we see each other again. But we never did.  And when it was time for my to fly back to my home country I found myself holding the pair of socks in my hand. I know how Golumn feels like holding the precious. You see, I have a weak immune system and I am prone to all sort of infections. Especially bad at this part of my life were the  UTIs. And those socks were a fricking God sent. So I abducted your socks.  I am sorry. I not only don't remember your name at this point in time, I forgot your face as well. I will never be able to give you the socks back.  But, if it helps at all, they are making my life alot better, preventing me from getting sick in the first place and when I do get sick I suffer less because my feet are warm.  So, thank you and I am sorry!  Edit:  As a couple people asked about the socks: Unfortunately there is no brand or other identifier on them!  Here is a picture, left is the bottom of the sock, right is the sock inside out.  I tried reverse image search but got no matches :/  Best socks https://imgur.com/gallery/K82SIzl Best sock side view https://imgur.com/gallery/dqMe7vQ
135	real	I've been furloughed [End Title]: Last night my friend/boss and I were having a very hard discussion, about potentially me not working there anymore because of a dire financial situation.  We kinda left it on a note that I thought I wouldn't be leaving. And then today I learned that I'm being furloughed for a couple months.  I felt the worst of my sadness last night, before it was decided to keep me around. Or that's what I thought. But today is just... Empty. Especially because I wasn't expecting the whole "well you are leaving technically" thing. I get it. I'm not mad or anything. I completely understand. I'm just. Sad.  I'm getting set up with unemployment again and I'll be fine. I'm hoping to spend this time doing more artsy things and getting some exercise in. Cautious optimism.  I'll just miss my friends a lot. We talked every day, well, because it was work, yes. But like. Obviously friendship blooms that way regardless. But they're going to be... Very busy though, having to take over my position while the business recovers.  I just need a hug.
590	real	Since the quarantine, my life has improved quite a bit, or barely changed at all. [End Title]: Context: I'm a college student in the US  Since school went online, my grades have improved quite a bit. Many tests are now open book/note, which helps a lot. Attending classes is so much more convenient without having to find a parking space and dealing with a lot of people.  My social life really hasn't changed much. I mostly hung out with my roommates anyway, so that didn't really change.  I already had the mentality of "if you are sick don't come near me". And it got worse (I guess) when I went through chemo and ended almost a year before things started shutting down. I empathize with many people about the anxiety of being sick, however I already moved past that once I ended chemo. I don't feel any anxiety (comparatively) about getting sick.  Before I get accusations, I do wear a mask and am careful about being around people. I am cautious, just not fearful.   I know it helps that a quarantine wasn't legally mandated by the law, and I am very grateful for that I hope those that were/are in that situation are managing.  While I certainly don't want a pandemic or anything for any longer or wish sickness on anyone, I'm not eagerly awaiting school and everything returning to normal
158	real	A movie has been haunting me since childhood [End Title]: Like the title says there is a movie that has inexplicably stuck with me since I was a kid. TBH I’m not even sure it’s a real movie. It starred giant French actor Gerard Depardieu and a very young Katherine Heigel as his teenage daughter. They go to a resort and for some reason she tells people that he’s her husband/ lover? And they all believe her?! Then she develops a crush on what had to be an adult man and her dad helps her seduce him Cyrano de Bergerac style?!   Oh and at some point Gerard Depardieu sings the Maurice Chevalier song “Thank Heaven for Little Girls” which is a whole other discussion for another time.   I’m sure I watched this movie on cable so not only did someone think this movie was good enough to make, but then some cable programmer thought it was a good idea to broadcast. I don’t even know if it’s a real movie and I don’t want to look it up for fear it’s not a real movie and I just made it up. I don’t know which reality is worse: that this abomination was made or that my mind was able to create something so truly disturbing.   And I can’t talk about it for fear I did create this movie in my fevered juvenile mind. Thanks for existing internet, you’re the best.
459	real	Which way to go? [End Title]: If you follow your desires, we’re talking negative desires here: laziness, junk food, unhealthy lifestyle, not doing well, disappointing others, maybe more darker stuff for the hardcore people. If you follow this path, your satisfied, but your life goes to ruin. You feel bad, but you can’t change, so you remain on this path. Slowly decay.  If you choose to live logically: you feel constantly pressured, criticized and judged by others, feel crushed under the gravity of doing what’s right, feel torn apart every step of the way because of how hard this path is. You feel satisfied, but crushed, alone and cry yourself every night because of how hard this path is. But your life becomes better. You rip yourself apart intentionally to do the right thing.
368	fake	I'm going to miss my Christmas tree [End Title]: I'm going to miss my tree when it's time to throw it out because then I can't flick my boogers in it anymore. I'll have to actually get up and get a tissue.  Sad face.
838	real	Just Skip This Post. [End Title]: Sorry this is long. Just skip over this.  TL;DR: Childish drama.  I'm so sick of this. Even now, as I type, I'm shaking at the fear of the thought of her. I can't stand this anymore. I've only told a few people in my life but the more I keep this bottled in, the worse it gets. Even the sound of her fucking name... I can't stand it. She scares me so *fucking* much.  No matter what I do, no matter where I go, no matter how far I try to hide from her, I feel like her eyes are always on me. Even posting this now, I fear that she is going to find out that I posted this and will show up at my house or even message me. But... I'm *so* tired of living like this. Years and years of this ridiculously debilitating fear. I'm so tired of it.  I may sound pathetic, weak, and stupid for feeling like this towards a person. I'm sorry.  She spreads so much rumors about me, and she tells a lot of people about me. I know I am an awful person, and I know that I've done a TON of things wrong in my life. But I just want to tell my side of the story for once.  I wish I had never met her when I was four. We met in preschool. It didn't take long for us to click, because not only were we from the same culture, my mother knew her father from high school and all of my five uncles knew of him as well. We became really close, but I moved away to a different school district and lost contact with her. I moved from that small neighborhood into a fancier one, with a house where I could have my own room, a garden, a park nearby... I was in fourth grade when I met her again. I didn't recognize her. I didn't remember her name. But we clicked. We shared the same interests, and once again found out we were from the same culture.  We were practically attached to the hip. I'm not going to lie, a large part of me looked up to her. She was a very hard worker and had a good personality. She had a lot of friends and was adored by many. She was the first one to talk to me whenever I initially moved into this large city, with bigger classrooms and an even bigger playground. It was incredibly daunting and frightening for little fourth-grader me, so I was happy to have the new company.  I was also known as a troubled kid, with a bad family situation and no where else to escape. I didn't know what was right and what was wrong. I ended up being horrible and violent towards other kids, and lied to them to get what I wanted. I would lie to them to get them to move from one playground area to the other just so she and I could play on the playground.  Maybe it was the way I acted, but she suddenly went up to me and told me that she didn't want to be friends after a year of being best friends. It hurt me, as she was my only friend at the time. It hurt a lot more than it should have, especially when it felt like we were siblings. But with time I moved on. It was when I found other friends that she wanted me to come back and be "best friends" with her, but I would have to leave my current friend to be her friend. I refused. Childish elementary school drama, whatever. We eventually let go of the past and became friends again. Went to her house, spent the night a couple of times, etc. We found out that we met when we were four and that our parents knew each other. She said we were "soulmates."  Then in fifth grade, I got suspended from school due to my violent tendency. I didn't get into a fight, and I didn't hurt anyone. I was suspended for three weeks and came back and everything was different. I had ruined my own life with that one moment. She walked up to me, told me that her parents didn't allow her to talk to me anymore. I understood, and was terrified of being seen in public with her. She still talked to me every now and then, but she looked at me differently. I was so guilt ridden to be doing this behind her parents back, and forcing her to do something she wasn't allowed to, that I drifted away from her so she wouldn't get in trouble.  That fear continued onto sixth grade. I became terrified to talk to anyone at this new school, refusing to speak unless writing in a notebook. I felt so guilty for the way I acted in elementary school that I didn't want anyone to remember or bring it up. I was so ashamed of myself that I kept my head low, and wanted to be invisible. I saw her in the halls a couple of times, surrounded by friends and living her life. I was happy for her, until she saw me one day and decided to talk to me. She invited me to sit with her, and at first I refused because I didn't want her to get into trouble for interacting with me. She told me her parents weren't at the school, and we could be friends again. I reluctantly accepted, but sitting at the table with her friends was incredibly terrifying. Her friends were frightening. Not that they were bad people or anything, but they were just *very* intimidating to sit around.  A part of me wanted to open up and get over my fear. I began to actually use my voice and my words. I tried to speak up or try to join the conversation, to be brushed off by her and her friend group. I didn't mind, at first. I was proud of myself for trying, but after a while it didn't feel nice. After a while, I began to think, "What was the point?" and stopped sitting with them and sat by myself. She didn't care, which was bittersweet to me. Of course I wanted to be her friend, but I often worried about someone telling her parents we were hanging out. I knew that they hated me, and I really didn't want her to be troubled over someone like me. I didn't want to be a danger to anyone. I still don't want to be a danger to anyone.  Even though I thought that, I couldn't help but be a little selfish. I know it's ridiculous to think this way, especially over something so small. Mixed with all the initial fear I had of interacting with her, trying to get over it, and feeling dejected from being ignored by her. (I also talked to her about it, asking if she was actively avoiding me, but she simply told me that she wasn't paying attention to me. That's fine, I felt bad for trying to be an attention whore or something like that, haha.) Eventually I grew to dislike her personality, because I was a little salty over getting butthurt.  I avoided her like the plague. I avoided contact with her, walked with my head down, and refused to sit at the same table as her. Things got worse at home, I became extremely depressed and suicidal. My parents weren't very nice people, and my brothers pretended not to see anything. Everyone around me became very scary. Including her.  A year passed of me being incredibly defensive and closed off towards everyone. Yet, somehow a girl (who I'll call "Lette") began to hang out with me. She also had her group of friends, who followed suit, and no matter what I said to her, she stuck by my side. I didn't talk to "her" during this year.  Eighth grade. I was doing an assignment by myself in the cafeteria, and we were supposed to get partners. I saw her sitting at a different table. I sat the opposite direction so I didn't have to look at her. I don't know why she did this. I don't know why she moved tables and sat across from me, when the entire table was empty. I trembled with fear the entire time. She looked at me and asked if I had a partner, and I couldn't look her in the eye. I said no. We did the assignment. I don't remember much of it.  She began sitting with us during lunch. I decided to let the past go once again and get rid of my childish emotions. I joked with her about how she hurt my feelings when she left me alone at the playground so many years ago, when she said she didn't want to be my friend anymore. It really did hurt. She said she didn't remember and I could punch her for it. I was a person of my word, and said that I would. She showed her arm, and of course I punched it, a little too hard I suppose. She looked pissed.  I was pushed to a suicide attempt by a person I trusted. It was my third one. Second one, my dad tried to get me to hang myself. That is a different story. She stopped talking to me again. This time, I pushed her away and pushed everyone else away from me, because I didn't want them to be dragged down with me by my death. I didn't die. I wish I did.  We didn't talk until sophomore year of high school. We were in the same art class together. I became a shell. Of course, I laughed, I spoke, and I pretended I was fine. If I didn't, my parents weren't going to be nice to me again. I frequented the counselor's office. I don't remember what brought this about, but one day she grabbed me by my shoulders in the hallway and told me that she wanted to be friends with me again, and that she wanted to be there for me. I was in tears, she said, "Let's be friends again! Let's talk!" and "I'll never let that happen to you again, I promise." Because I was weak and stupid, I believed her.  Same shit happened again. She made me watch this anime that she liked with her. I drew her characters and I made ones of my own, but she only wanted to talk about hers and only cared if I drew hers. She never initiated contact with me. It felt like she was using me for my art or something. It didn't feel nice. I didn't want to be heartbroken again, especially when I was so emotionally weak. One day, she held my hand in the hallway. I was so afraid and terrified that I tried to shake her hand away. No one has ever held my hand like that, and I have *never* been hugged affectionately. It felt so foreign and frightening that I got flustered and didn't know what to do. I felt dirty.  I confronted her about doing the same shit she did in middle school. She got mad. I blocked her on everything. I unfollowed her. I returned to avoiding her like the plague. I shook and trembled and hyperventilated every time she was near me. A lot of people began avoiding me after that. I felt the eyes of her friends everywhere I went. It was as if they were reporting to her constantly. I broke down in tears constantly and I skipped class to hide in the bathroom stalls. Rumors began to spread over the course of a couple of years. That I stalked her. That I threatened her life. She continued that so often for so long, at one point I began believing it.  When I talked to a new person, she would go to their work or pull them aside to tell them that I was a "yandere" and that I stalked her and threatened her life and told them to stay away from me, and that I am a danger to them. I suppose I am. Maybe everything she said was true. Maybe I am abusive towards everyone I meet. Maybe I was abusive towards her. I can't remember. I wish I knew, I really do.  I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted an escape from her. I felt like she was even spreading things about me on social media. I don't know, I never checked, but Lette always kept me updated because she would talk to her and other people would tell me. I can't even look at her name or even hear it without freaking out. If someone is using her art as their icon, I block them, even if I don't know them. I always felt her eyes on me. I tried overdosing on pills and other random shit I found in the medicine cabinet. I couldn't control my body and collapsed on the floor. I was terrified and felt alone, but wanted to go to sleep, and my mom came in and refused to take me to the hospital. Mom was furious, and I stayed home for three days before going back to school. Mom was furious that I went to the counselor's office and told the counselor that I couldn't live like this anymore. My cousin told me she was disappointed in me. My brothers ignored me. Nothing seemed to be going well.  Sorry for the shit storytelling but this is getting long so I'll cut it short. It's been a while since I've graduated. I'm on social media for work purposes, but I feel like she is always, somehow, still trying to hurt me. Maybe, maybe not. I know that I shouldn't put her on a pedestal or like, take her words to heart, but they hurt so much. I have moved from my hometown but no matter what I do, I feel like she is following me. I'm going to move out of the country, but I feel like even then, she will always hold that power over me. (She's also really popular online, so I guess fuck me right?)  Every day I live in fear that she's going to appear and ruin my life. I don't know how or why she would do that, and I know it is irrational. I know that I'm just being really stupid, but I feel like the only way to truly escape from her is to die.  And I just might.
884	real	I ate dinner for the first time in 4 years [End Title]: but you didn’t care, so I want to give up trying to recover for you. I only did it so I could eat dinner with you again and talk about our days, but you just didn’t care so why do I bother trying?
366	fake	I masturbate by punching myself in the bladder when it's full. [End Title]: I'm a cis woman, by the way. That might explain why it feels good. I think it stimulates the G spot.   The title says it all, when my bladder is full I get immense pleasure from punching it/hitting it/applying pressure to it/holding my pee.   I also masturbate the "normal" ways. Fingering, rubbing clit, etc.
405	real	I’m married! [End Title]: I proposed to my now-wife in January of 2019 at an NBA game because she is a cheerleader for that team. I waited 20 months to marry her so we could save enough money to give her the wedding of her dreams.   We got married last night after going through a pandemic, 2 deaths in the family, someone stealing $2000 cash from us, flights getting cancelled, and so much other shit that’s not even worth mentioning anymore. Because we made it! We’re married and yesterday was truly the happiest day of my life. We were surrounded by so much love and support... I’ve never felt anything like it.
946	real	This is the first time I am letting it all out. Please read this, because at the moment. I am really in a bad place. [End Title]: Hello, I just hope you will listen to my life story, it's quite a long one.  First off I am 21 years old now. If I may I'd like to begin from my early childhood days. My earliest childhood memories is that of my mother, I remember I was 4 or 5 years old and she used to take me to the nearest school and we were playing there with a little dog, I remember I was scared shitless as it was chasing me around the school haha... Next thing I remember is that me and my sister(she is 3 years younger than me) used to smell our father every time he came home, we were hoping that he wasn't smelling of alcohol, I remember we were jumping with happiness whenever he came home sober, because he is such a sweet and kind soul when he is sober, but when he was drunk, he used to hit us and our mom, and call us names that I don't even dare to mention them.  Some time passed and I am 12 years old... I finally get my first ever girlfriend, I finally feel like I am loved, I feel like I wont be alone in this cruel world, like I  matter in this world, like I belong to someone, even though I am only 12 years old, I keep talking and going out with this girl... My dad has a job that requires him to travel a lot, if he wasn't drinking it would take him 1 day to finish the job in another city, but because he was drinking very much, it usually took him 1-2 weeks to come home... My sister was very young then, she was only 9 years old and didn't understand what was going on, my mom was working 2 jobs to keep us fed and happy, whenever she came home she wanted us to go out with her for pizza or a cheeseburger to make us happy, but I knew what was happening, our dad was God knows where gambling and drinking all of our money, my sister had no idea  what was happening and I am glad she didn't know. I knew everything that was happening, my mom used to beg us to go out, but I knew why she did that.. After a while she would break down and scream and cry... She would call my dad and as always he didn't answer and that's when she lost it, she would break down crying on the floor while in the meanwhile I would watch her cry and I was only 12 years old, she would curse our dad because she knew he was out drinking somewhere while he was supposed to be working... My sister was so young, she noticed things but she didn't exactly know what was happening, I remember my mom coming in my room in the morning around 3-4AM and kissing me on the cheek and apologizing to me, crying in my bed, she thought that I was asleep, but I remember all those nights that she was laying next to me and apologizing, even though she didn't deserve any of the stress she experienced, she would apologize and ask me to understand one day... I was praying to God that my dad would be safe, because he was traveling with his car while drunk at the same time, I used to beg him to come home. Whenever I called him, he would answer me crying and saying that he loves us very much and that he doesn't deserve us, he used to tell me that I am the man of the family even when I was only 12 years old...  Somehow he would find his way home at 5 in the morning and he would come in my room and hug me crying like a baby, hugging me and screaming that he wants to die... Mind you I was only a kid back then, but I was happy because he was alive, that gave me comfort that he was alive and next to me. But when he was sober he was the kindest and the most beautiful soul I have ever known. You really have no idea how kind this man is when he is sober, but around that time he was mostly drunk.  &amp;#x200B;  I break up with my gf when I was 14 years old just before I go to high school. I go to high school, meet new people, new friends, new everything, I start to go out in bars and clubs, I meet new people, I start drinking at 14 years old... My angel of a mom waits me every night, because she is worried that it's genetic, that I would end up like my dad... I keep going out and drinking every weekend, I come home drunk as fuck, my dad also comes home drunk every weekend, my mom somehow doesn't lose it, she keeps that wonderful smile on her face, pretending that everything is alright (shit I am crying right now), she begs me to don't drink because she doesn't want me to end up like my dad. I keep drinking every weekend, in the meanwhile my dad is getting drunker and more aggressive every day, my mom doesn't want to divorce because she didn't want us to grow up without a dad. I mean to be honest if you guys saw him when he is sober, you would want to talk to him every day.... He is such a gentle and pure soul. Fast forward,  I am 18 years old, my dad stopped drinking( he is only getting drunk 3-4 times a year, which is a HUGE improvement) but someone has to replace him.. and that someone is me, I keep on drinking every fucking weekend... The sad thing is that I started gambling everything.. My parents would give me money and I would gamble them and come home depressed... I kept on gambling and drinking, I started doing coke whenever I would get the chance.... I am studying computer science I don't wanna brag but I am pretty smart. All that's in vain because I keep on drinking and gambling everything that I have.... 1 year ago, my first ever girlfriend that I mentioned before died in a car crash... Even though I haven't had any communication with her in 6 years, I still felt like a part of me died, like my soul was shattered in half. I don't why I felt that way, but it felt like my spirit was broken, like I was no longer existing, I really don't know how to explain... That's when it all went south, I started drinking even more than before, gambling everything I had, getting suicidal almost every week... I am lucky that my friends saved me one night, I was drunk and getting ready to jump from 8th floor, but my friends were there and pulled me back. The saddest thing is that my mom doesn't deserve any of this, she deserves to live in happiness for ever, even though I am 21 years old and my dad doesn't drink anymore she keeps working 2 jobs, I still live with my parents and every night and morning she kisses me on the forehead regardless if I am drunk or not. One week ago she came in my room while I was drunk and I heard her praying that I would stop drinking, she prayed aloud that I won't end up like my dad. I was awake but I acted that I was asleep, she laid next to me and hugged me while softly crying and hugging me tight. I really feel like the biggest disappointment of a son ever, I've let my mom, dad and sister so many times, when I was young I promised my mom and sister that I would protect them.. But how can I protect them when I can't even protect them from myself.. I  I really feel I don't deserve to live.. I really don't, no one deserves to have a son like this... I am such a failure... I am in debt everywhere, my mom doesn't deserve this, my sister doesn't deserve this, my dad doesn't deserve this.. I want to suffer for eternity just so no one in my family or in the world anywhere would suffer, I really deserve to suffer for eternity... I don't know why I keep destroying everything around me, I am scared to get close to anyone because I will disappoint them and everyone eventually leaves me and I understand them, I understand everyone that doesn't want to do anything with me, I deserve it, I am a piece of shit. But at the same time I want someone to see me for who I really am, I can be kind and caring and I love every single person on this Earth..  I see myself flying up in the heavens, without worries without end, I see that path above me, I am going over there now, maybe I am right this time ( my attempt at poetry hhaha)  You are all such wonderful people, I hope everything that comes in your life is good, seriously all of you, thank you so much for your time, you had so much more to do and you decided to take a minute and read this, thank you so much for taking the time &lt;3 , I know this was a long one but thank you &lt;3.
425	real	Guilt. [End Title]: TW; suicide.  Almost 2 years ago someone I knew committed suicide. At this point they and I hadn't spoken much since a falling out we had but maybe 2 or 3 months before I found out about them dying I saw them in a partial program I was attending. They were recovering decently well but after that I made the mistake of trying to reconnect.   They never said anything about it but i can't help but feel responsible partially for their death.
927	real	Never ending hole of frustration [End Title]: Im currently crying in the bathroom at work. Every fucking thing in my life stinks, obese, weak, no degree, no friends, no family, never had a gf, apparently i got adhd, death of mentor, death of twin sister, no interests besides fucking eating and cooming and youtube, recovering from pneumonia which caused me to drop out from uni, lose my social life and regain weight and lose all hope of ever fucking making it.   There is nothing besides never ending frustration, i can't deal with this life anymore. Uni/pneumonia was the last straw because i finally got a taste of what life could be and it was lost to me.   I don't think im depressed, i just got a shitty hand right now that i can't deal with because nothing like an interest or family or "life structure" supports right now so im just falling deeper into this unending hole of frustration. Sorry for blogposting
911	real	People who make fun of accents of someone who's trying to help are horrible humans. [End Title]: I have seen many times that,  when a Youtuber from some third world country has created a video explaining something about a topic or some basics of coding etc . they get so many hate comments about their accent.   I don't understand why they feel the need to make fun of their accent ? they're spending their own time and effort to create content to explain something ,some times they even do better job than university professors tbh. I feel really bad for them when I see comments about their accent or how they can't understand his/her English, why not just move on ?   As far as I know those commenters are just horrible humans, I just wanted to went it out
865	real	I wonder if you're thinking about me, too. [End Title]: You've been on my mind all day. I tried distracting myself, I went jogging and went to see the beach but all I could think about was how I wished I spent it with you. I tried calligraphy too, but all I wanted to write was your name. I learned to play an instrument, but all the songs I play are dedicated to you.   &amp;#x200B;  I don't want to play this game. Please tell me to close the door if you want me to.
941	real	I'm going to marry him one day [End Title]: I've been through my share of relationships, many of them toxic and out right terrifying. And then I met him. I never even knew he existed, we met from an online dating site, but someone so perfect was only a short distance away. He's amazing. He's a sweet heart who truly cares for me for being me. He loves it when I spoil him, or wear my high heels even if it means I tower over him. He encourages me to improve myself, unlike the people before him who were trying to tear me down. This man has built me up, and I only hope I am doing the exact same to him because he deserves the absolute world.    There are kind people out there, I promise you this, but sometimes you have to dig to find these diamonds. But let me tell you something. Never settle for someone who tears you down or makes you second guess your self. No one deserves the hell I've endured, no one deserves to feel unloved or unwanted. There are people out there who are pure and wholesome, and I hope you meet them. I hope you feel the joy and happiness I feel, the pure bliss I feel whenever I'm close to him. I already know that this man, I'm going to marry him one day. In a few years, after college is done for both of us (and if he doesn't ask first) I'll ask him. There is no one else I'd want more than him.   Edit: not even a half hour after posting this he surprises me at work with boba. I kid you not, I'm crying he is so pure and wonderful
50	real	im so worried that i have and will let everyone down [End Title]: god i dont even know where to start. i feel like i am such a failure and such a loser. I'm 17 years old, it's my senior year of high school. Due to the pandemic I started the virtual school bullshit that was so disjointed and horrible, that was the second semester of junior year. I fucked myself up sooooo bad and I would do anything to be able to reverse it or go back. I failed four classes that semester. Now I'm in my senior year and I have 6 current class PLUS the four I failed. I most likely will not graduate on time. I was already doing horrid. I have GAD which then snowballed and caused me to stop eating from my severe anxiety. Growing into anorexia. I didn't even realize it until I had a nervous breakdown the beginning of junior year which resulted in months or therapy and being a hair away from being admitted into a psychiatric/eating disorder recovery institution. I got put on meds and went from 78 lbs to 115 lbs (I'm five foot one)  All of that seems pretty common but I need to give just a bit more context before I express my fear. My mom couldn't have kids, they had to do in-vitro on her to her have me. I'm a miracle baby! When I was 2 years old I had a cancerous brain tumor (JPA). I recovered and have been 13 years. Few years later I had some heart problems. Recovered. When I was ten years old, I remember it like it was yesterday, I was looking out my window into the yard and I came to the conclusion and I thought to myself, "Not now, I don't know when, but I know that my cause of death will be suicide. I will die from suicide eventually." Ive had to put my parents through so so so much pain and stress just from my problems so I always internalized my depression and anxiety. Which then came out like a tsunami on the first day of junior year. I was convulsing and dry heaving on the bathroom floor for 16 hours, puking up even a sip water.  Getting treatment for my anxiety and ED made me feel like such a burden. Like I was wasting my parents money and time with each doctor we saw, each therapy session I had.  It's not even like I had anyone to turn to about this feeling. My therapist was horrible at her job and I had lost all my friends at this point. All besides one, Maddy, my platonic soulmate. Her dad got custody of her 3 years ago and she moved 3 hours away. They are extremely abusive towards her and she doesn't have anyway to talk to me much. She comes out here like 3 times a year for the day and we never miss a beat.  I haven't ever really had a ton of friends. From moving a bunch and I was the weird emo kid always. I turned to art which is the only thing I was ever passionate about. I took a tour to an art school and fell in love, I came home and was immediately shut down by my mom reprimanding me that I would get no where with art. There on I never really tried to hone in on that skill. I've always been into punk, metal and emo culture. Whenever I express my interest for alternative culture I get beat down and told by my mom that I have no skills in the first  place so if  I expressed myself with tattoos and piercings I'd be even more fucked.  TL;DR: My multiple recoveries from tons of sicknesses has given intense anxiety of letting down my parents or being a failure/burden. Anxiety so bad I can't get a job, I have ZERO skills, no friends and my alternative/punk lifestyle apparently will kill my future. I'm only 17 I know I'm not officially a lost cause but I feel like I'm inches away from becoming one.
343	real	Can’t stand seeing beautiful women makes lots of money on social media [End Title]: Gives me the feeling that I’m not as valuable as them because I’m not as good-looking as them. And I’m somebody who worries a ton about finances and seeing them make easy money makes me feel worse about myself. Let’s be honest here: if they weren’t beautiful nobody would even know they exist. But suddenly they are world-famous because they look stunning. I’m not jealous, I’m just worried about finances. I know my fears about finances are blown way out of proportion, but idk, I hear so many horror stories about people struggling to make a living and it hurts seeing women being able to make a comfortable living simply because of how they look. Would I be better off financially if I looked better? Probably.
186	real	I just explosive shit myself. [End Title]: I'm over 40, and had an awesome dinner at my podmates house. Dinner was great! Apparently, my stomach did not think so, as I couldn't make it two houses down took my place to the toilet. I made it inside without shitting, but I was wearing tight jeans, and couldn't get them down fast enough to make it to the toilet. So I shit my pants. As I was trying to get on the toilet seat, I then had diarrhea, and shat all over the seat and wall. Then the toilet clogged and flooded down into my basement. So I had to clean that up too. Awesome.
815	real	Heartbreak [End Title]: Struggling to connect on a meaningful level with people.  Don’t need a lot of friends, just a few with substance who will stick around and will grow with me.  I’m struggling with that loneliness as everyone in my life moves on with theirs.  It only seems harder to make new friends as I get older.  Those I bond with have less and less time for me.  I know it’s a normal part of life.    It’s a paradox of fearing both loneliness and finding new friends.  It’s the constant loss and grieving that leave me empty and emotionally drained.  It’s the constant heartbreak that leaves me praying for oblivion.
784	real	Weight on my chest [End Title]: I need this weight off my chest.    In my early adult years I realized I might be bisexual, but was a bit repulsed by the male form except for lustful attractions. so much so that I disliked my own body, I used body modification as an outlet piercing my nipples, tongue and a tattoo or two.   I had even thought about what it would be like to be the other gender, to the point of fantasizing about sexual situations with random guys as a female.   My wife and I married in our mid twenties and have just started our family recently. As we have done this I'm slowly transitioning to the stay at home parent. I honestly couldn't be happier with the situation.   My wife and I have some interesting kinks. Pegging being one of them (at my request) that my missus warmed up to.  Being on the recieving end of things has changed who I am as a person and has kind of made me think about taking a different approach to my sexuality.   I am warming up to the male figure now. Not saying I'm gay but I'd definitely live it up a bit if I was single. Then there's the whole fantasizing about being a woman. I still do it. I know I have a penis. I know I dont have a vagina or boobs. But to this day I still fantasize about it, and it arouses me. (Edit: is this what gender dysphoria is?)  Sometimes I wish my life was different on a level that I cant even describe.
529	real	I talk to fortune-tellers instead of shrinks [End Title]: Alright, the occult is bullshit. And yes, it’s almost 2020. But as embarrassing as it sounds, it’s one of the few things that keeps a rein on my anxious and depressed self. While therapists treat me with sterile friendliness and routine questions, these “quacks” actually listen to me and sometimes even make sense. I feel like there’s a more human connection between myself and them; perhaps there’s a sense of camaraderie among those who prefer nonsense over logic and science.  I’d like to think i’m quite a reasonable person otherwise- people would think i were joking if i told them i took this shit seriously. And i also feel this would eventually be my downfall. i feel like an addict of a sort and the itch i get doesn’t feel good. I just don’t know how to stop cold turkey.
184	real	I miss my friends, but not really [End Title]: I’ve been spending a lot of time by myself as of late and it’s weird. It’s not bad or anything though. Part of me misses being able to talk to people like sending memes, sharing music, stuff like that. But at the same time, it’s nice not getting caught up in people’s shit. Learning not to rely on others for your own happiness is nice.
642	real	I feel like I always have to work extra hard to get even minimal affection. [End Title]: My parents aren't bad people, they are just the kinda people who take up lot of responsibility on both my maternal and paternal family issues. So I've always felt that I needed to work extra hard to get their affection. They love me, but they are just burdened with responsibility. When it comes to friends I'm one of those people who've never had a surprise praty or someone do something spontaneous for me. I feel I put too much effort in keeping in contact with people, because I fear if I left them to their devices they'll just forget me. There are friends who say they love me, but even in their case i have to work hard to get their affection. Recently it was my birthday and barely anyone of my friend remembered it. One said it was my fault for not making a big deal out of it. It just feels I have to work too hard to get people's affection. And I'm just so very tired.
478	real	I think I have a toxic relationship with my mom [End Title]:     The last three days with mom have been hard. I mean, it's become increasingly hard over the summer, but the last three days I've sort of come to a kind of realization, if you will.   On Friday, everything is chill. Okay, maybe this one was on me. But we're driving down the road and she brings up this article about an app that my college roommate is using but she thinks I'm also using (even though I'm not) and at that point she had been nagging me about it. Keep in mind that I was losing patience with her because she'd been particularly hard to deal with lately so I felt like I was walking on eggshells with her all the time. So I lost my temper for a cool 2 or 3 seconds. I raised my voice and banged on something (we were in the car) and she didn't like it. Claimed I could've gotten us into an accident. Got so mad that she started shouting at me and turned around to take me home, and Luke, my brother, who hadn't even done anything wrong. I'm crying. Dad called and asked what happened and then told her that she should've seen the car coming and she couldn’t use me as an excuse. So she forced us out of the car. Takes off, then shows up in the driveway a few minutes later since dad said to not leave us. I was internally so upset. How is it that she can be mad and yell and lose her temper all the time, but if I do it for 2 seconds then it's absolutely not okay? Later, she acted like nothing had happened and like everything was okay.  Saturday, she snapped at me in front of church members (again). I overheard her snapping at dad about something. I was in the kitchen and came around the corner and she hissed at me to hurry up and get the bowl of chickpeas. Mind you, she never, NEVER said anything to me about this bowl of chickpeas prior to this instance - so I had virtually no idea what she was talking about at all. I went back into the kitchen to retrieve the bowl but hesitated to bring it out because I was afraid of her snapping and felt like I was about to cry. Then I saw her come to the kitchen window, and figured it would be easier if I just handed it to her through that. I gave it to her, but she shoved it back at me. I refused to bring it out. I felt like everyone had seen how she treated me, and I was embarrassed. I think she knew that what she did was wrong, because she hissed at me to go get something to eat and had some sort of regretful look on her face. I couldn't deal and just left the building. I'm in the bathroom in the church and come out, but see a shadow entering the church so I go right back in. Someone opens the bathroom door, but doesn't enter. I have a feeling its mom. A few minutes later I leave, and hear her voice. Luke tells me she brought food for me. I refuse to eat it, and she apologizes and says sorry if she made me upset. Again, a complete mood change from what she was minutes earlier. She explained earlier that Irene, another church member, snapped at her and asked why her chickpeas weren't out, so she snapped on me. She said maybe that’s why she told me she loved me earlier, since she knew she was going to end up doing this to me.   Today, she seemed to be in a good mood. Made breakfast. Then serves it, starts to pray, then cuts off and says I've been doing everything, someone else should pray. See, I'd rather her not make breakfast for us if she's going to make us feel guilty that she made breakfast for us. I'd rather eat cereal and not have to deal with that psychological crap. So I make a comment based on how I'm actually feeling, NOT out of spite, about how this is why I don't like to eat breakfast since it feels "weird." Then I say a one sentence prayer. I feel so awkward. I can't even look at her. And then she just stops talking and angrily cleans the kitchen and doesn’t even look at me then goes upstairs. I'm sorry, I didn't realize that I wasn't allowed to voice my feelings and emotions. She flips on a dime. I can't live with this anymore.  I'm tired of feeling like this. I can't deal with her being fine and then flipping out and then being fine again. That's not fair to me. I'm tired of having to gage how she's feeling and then having to adjust to that even if I'm not okay. We had an argument and she said something nasty to me but now 10 minutes later she's behaving as if nothing happened? I have to act like I'm fine too or she'll say that I "ruin every good day" that she has and I always have a "nasty attitude." If I'm not okay, I have to pretend to be okay, because if I don't then the cycle will repeat and she'll get mad then act like everything is fine and I'll have to fake something different all over again.  My emotions don't work that way. I can't just take her flipping out and then turn around and be ready to cuddle or smile again. I need time to recover. Even if it's just a few hours. But I can't make a 10 minute turnaround, especially not when I'm crying and trying to keep it together. Maybe I hold grudges, I don't know. Isn’t all of this the definition of insanity? Because by the end of Friday, we were okay again. I thought things were better. Then something happens again on Saturday, but she's cool so I'm cool again. Thinking things are good. This morning she comes into my room and we smile at each other and she says she's making breakfast, now she won't talk to me. But maybe we'll be okay again by the end of the day? Or maybe this time the hard feelings will last? It's like I keep expecting things to get better, but something always happens and I end right back at square one again.   I'm considering doing some form of no contact when I leave for my second year of college next month. I say some form because I can't cease all contact all together. I'm good with my dad, so if she finds out that I'm in contact with him but not her she'll not be happy. And I can't just ignore her anyway. So if she texts me I'll respond, but I have no desire to tell her about how my day went or what I've been up to lately or if something has me stressed. I don't want to share anymore.   That's it. This probably sounds super confusing, but that's what's happening in my life right now.
338	real	I eat all of my leftovers cold. [End Title]: Even when I have access to a microwave, I still eat my leftovers straight from the fridge. Is there something wrong with me? Maybe.
254	real	I’m keeping a secret from my housemate [End Title]: Recently a man I work with passed from cancer. This prompted an ex-coworker but dear friend to confide in me that he has developed an inoperable terminal brain tumour.  He is also the DM of a local dnd group myself and housemate are apart of.  Sadly he’s had a steady decline in physicality, focus etc. Our friend is a really private guy and of course this isn’t something you’d wanna scream from the roof tops but I feel guilty not telling my housemate, knowing he already has limited time left.  I just needed it not to be running circles in my head anymore
817	real	Last minute reservation [End Title]: It would’ve been my turn or probably yours, I lost track on keeping tabs. The wait would take about 2 weeks until the day arrives. I prefer aesthetics while you’d consider convenience and quality. The least, to give the benefit of the doubt.   You’d draw the curtains back and checked the room. I knew you’d prefer something else but nonetheless, you got what you wanted.   I always loved pressing my palms into the cold surface of the duvet. Remnant faint creases of memory smudged as soon as you turned away and faced the wall.   A particular scent from the mist of your warm shower that made my drowned as I questioned my worth. I still prefer cold showers.   I can’t seem to close this because every feature of the room I’m in now reminded of many things I should have forgotten. Long time ago.
285	real	The pandemic, again. [End Title]: This is in mobile, but whatever.  We all know the lockdown was active in the states since last spring break and it’s frustrating for people, and terrible for certain people(couples, and marriages). But I need to get it off of me.  I had been in 8th grade when lockdown was initiated. And ever since then, my school work had honestly went to the deep end. I do them yes, but I hated doing it at home. There actually be times I just lie about doing where in reality, I don’t.   And now that I’m in Ninth grade, this month, that’s gotten worse. I did mostly my first week of February school work until one of the cafeteria ladies(my high school is open) contracted COVID that day in the first week of February. And when info of that came out, my mom held me at home and trusted me to do my homework when she is at work most of the day.   And since then, I hadn’t done crap. Just shit around and done whatever chores my mom tells me for the day and take care of the dog. And before the end of the first semester, I promised I could try to do my work before the deadline and that failed obviously.   I just hate doing school work at home! I am way to used to do work at school and since the pandemic, that went to shit. I don’t why I can’t still do my work and get my grades at home where at the same time I don’t want to. I guess I needed a rant. When I wanted to, I turned to a stuttering fucking mess and pretty antisocial. So I don’t have a lot of friends, sometimes I’m fine with that.
677	real	I wished for my brother's death and he died the day after. [End Title]: 6 year's ago i was on Facebook at night. Wasting time and watching some memes. Then i saw some hateful, misogynistic,homophobic post from my older brother while i was scrolling. I remember been so upset about how hateful he was in that post. To put you in context, my brother did prison and had antisocial personality disorders. He abused my sister when he was younger and bullying me my whole life. So i remember telling my partner that my brother was an hateful prick and that i wish he could die. I then decided to delete and block him from facebook and went to bed grumpy. The next morning, i woke and had tons of messages on my cellphone. I remember my sister calling me to tell me that my brother was dead in a car accident while he was on drugs...all i could think during that moment was what i said the night before. It still freaks me out. The truth is that my life is so much better now that he's gone. Sometimes i regret that i wasn't able to make things right with him but most of the time I'm just happy to spend some time with family without him ruining everything....
777	real	I have decided to hang myself tomorrow [End Title]: So tomorrow I'm going to go into a hardware store, buy a rope, get a bottle of booze. Find a nice tree, get drunk, tie a noose and then hang myself
829	real	Boyfriend hasn't been into having sex lately. [End Title]: So I'm not really asking for advice. I just have a really high libido and want to vent cause I feel super sexual frustrated.   Before,we were having sex everyday and sometimes twice to three times in a day. But lately we have been having sex only once a week and it's only because I'm the one to start it. He doesn't really seem to have any desire lately to have sex with me.  He has been a lot more cuddly though and I'm guessing he just has a lower libido then me. But this is torture.
550	real	I'm angry and upset. I wanted to kick and punch him, but I couldn't. I need closure (Tw: rape) [End Title]: I went to an industry event last Friday. A guy was there. Last year, at a birthday party, I drank far too much. So did everyone else. I've minute I was with work friends at the bar, the next minute I was being hit in the face by an older, much more senior work colleague. He was hitting me, grabbing my jaw saying "open your mouth, open your mouth" . We were in an alleyway in Melbourne. He kept hitting me, trying to force my mouth open, putting his dick in my face. He was being so mean. Every time I called an uber, he cancelled it. He just kept forcing himself onto me. I was so drunk I couldn't fight back. Eventually I just passed out.  Recently, I saw him again. I feel like I don't have closure. I feel angry again. When we worked in the same department, I would kick him or say mean things. But I didn't get a chance to this time. I'm annoyed. I feel stuck. I want to see him again so I can give him a good kick. Or punch. Or both. But I shouldn't want to see him again, that's weird. I need to talk about this, but no one knows.
875	real	My doctor just decides to address another issue whenever he feels like it [End Title]: Yes, most doctors address one medical issue per visit, but I'm a regular and the other issue was minor, and he refused. And this was the same doctor that actually once examined my balls and referred me to a urologist.
824	real	parents that i’d never met walked in on us having sex in their living room [End Title]: f(18) alright so we were both 18 and dating for around a month. I had introduced him to my parents multiple times, he was very personable and they approved of him. however, around the ending of our relationship the last two times I saw him were at his house when his parents weren’t home. I had never met his parents but he said it was fine if I snuck over since they would be out for a few hours. he even had a tracker on his phone so he would monitor them coming home. well, the first time I snuck over there it went great, the second time however... well I was in for a ride. we go at it and loose track of time... this traumatic moment is burned in my memory so I will do my best to summarize it here. he looked at his phone and then look back at me and said, “they’re here” with wide eyes and a panicked voice. at first he was yelling at me to go out the back door of the house, but I wasn’t dressed and my car was already in their driveway. as his parents and two siblings walked in the door, I was frantically pulling on a sweatshirt but luckily I had my jeans on. well.. I panicked which usually I don’t do because I carry myself in a mature strong manner. again, they had never met me before so as I was frantically grabbing my tank top off the ground, I ran out to my car carrying my shoes in my hand. I then realized I had left my keys inside so as I ran back in his parents were saying hello to me and nice to meet you to me. I. was. mortified. well anyway I grab my keys and then run tf outta there, his dad comes outside and so does he. he tries to tell me that it’s fine and that I shouldn’t be upset, but I was again like in flight or fight mode so I responded by yelling, “just let me go please I need to get out of here omg” and all that. well I drove a couple blocks away in my socks and everything and finally parked, cried, and called my friends freaking out. I was like what a horrible first impression on someone’s parents! fast forward to the next few days, I told my parents what happened and they just laughed about it and made me feel better about the whole thing (I left the sex part out though) and a day later he starts bombarding me with rude texts. I was confused and upset so he told me to call him in which he proceeded to tell me that his dad was all upset that I was “yelling at him and had only known him such a short time” and “is this really who you want to be with” type stuff which I thought was ridiculous because who wouldn’t be in a state of panic while being walked in on, and it wasn’t like I was screaming at the top of my lungs. well anyway he broke up with me which is understandable and I felt a great sense of relief that i’d never have to worry about being reintroduced to his parents. all and all it’s an amazing story that i’ll have for the rest of my life. this kinda stuff only happens in the movies! but anyway, if you have similar stories please comment them below! thanks for reading my traumatic experience at 18!💗
982	real	Every time I think I've moved on I haven't.. [End Title]: (Fair warning this is kinda long)  So I'm 19 and I've only had 2 girlfriends (3 technically will say more about it soon) the first one was only for a month and I never really got attached during that time. We were good friends and it just seemed like a thing to try at the time, my second one I dated for about 2 months we were in school at the time both juniors and I found out she has been cheating on me before we even dated and i broke up with her when I found out after she punched me in the face for no reason whatsoever. After I broke up with her my friend (let's call her K) saw how angry and pissed I could get for the first time.. now personally I don't like my friends seeing me angry but after I punched a locker out of sheer anger she managed to calm me down which is hard to do, whenever I'm around her I feel at peace and will rarely get angry, during my senior year she told me she liked me but didn't want to date until after we graduated but during that time it felt like we were dating. We hugged, laughed, kissed, but after several months (roughly 5 months) I felt like something was off between us. Now with K I was heads over heels with her, i was in love with this woman and when I asked her if something was wrong she told me she didn't like me anymore. She didn't like me becasue of my mental issues you know the normal depression, self doubt, and sometimes anger problems but when she told me this I was heartbroken. Normally I won't cry during situations like this but I almost broke down crying there next to the tree we would always meet up at after school. I felt like someone ripped a hole open in my chest. After several months and during her senior year I found out she was dating someone for over a year, that meant as soon as she claimed she stopped liking me she started dating someone and this just tore me apart. I live out in the woods and the easiest ways for me to let out emotional pain Is to talk to someone or to do something active, but this pain made me so angry for some reason that I just started punching this tree next to my house over and over until my knuckles were bloody and I couldn't open or close my hands anymore. Lately I've been trying to move on but every time I do I end up thinking about her and I feel that pain and sadness over and over again.. I just don't know how to move on..
179	real	Doing sexual things for money on the internet demeans feminism [End Title]: I know many posts have been made on this ,including one that went up to r/all where the op said posting pictures isn't woman empowerment, i would like to add on that by saying that, it is rather demeaning feminism as by asking for money in exchange of your nudes just makes your body a purchasable entity and not something you necessarily need to respect . Then again many may say any pornographic material can be called so which I'd like to debate by saying it is not fulfilling the bodily needs of one incel waiting to spend money and asking you to do a hulahoop in return , pornstars can be correlated with an actor you see on television while an onlyfans girl is a mere servant obeying one's orders. Also I'd like to add this isn't a dig at all onlyfans(or wherever you sell your pics) girls , some just might not care and do it for the cash ,but a lot of women keep saying get that coin sis ,we stan a queen n shiz and then go on to say we deserve equality.
749	real	This site as a whole has done nothing but wonders for me as a person. I’m not sure if that’s pathetic , but I don’t care. [End Title]: This place can be so amazing most of the time and give different perspectives on the most important things to the silliest of things. I love it!
226	real	Things in my chest [End Title]: I just wanted to share my story with people , I'm about 21yo , my dad has an unknown sickness which his own body destroys every collagen cell on his body , for now my dad can't walk and turn his neck cause his spine has no cartilage , he started coughing like recently and all his skin has psoriasis cuz of his sickness. My mom also has some kind of Brain Tumor ig , hopefully it's not that bad but still it bothers me.. I started working outside everywhere since i was 13 , i worked at library , restaurant , offices and ... But never had enough mony for my dad's treatment... I live in Iran in a small city and yk .. no one in the world cares bout our country , we're not in a good situation .. everything is soo expensive and the salary is so low.. like we can't even buy pizza from outside or buy pills for our sicknesses .. I'm just not sure what am i gonna do for the rest of my life..
928	real	Your cover letter should be personalized and include information that isn’t on your resume. Wait, don’t make it so personal, nobody wants to hear your life story. Just include work-related experiences. [End Title]: Fuck applying for jobs.
0	real	People at work asked me what race are my characters from my book. [End Title]: OK i'll just make this as short and simply, A while ago I published a book about couple of boys trying to survive and I thought nothing of it and no I didn't get rich. Anyway I told people at work about the book and they started asking what what race or color the characters are, which took me by surprise, but then again I can see why they would ask since most of the people at work are African american and the book takes place in a ghetto city and it also doesn't help that I'm white, I tired avoid giving them an answer cause as Far as I was concern race didn't seem to matter in the book, but they kept asking and so I had enough and told them this, " it's up to you what race or color you want them to be." after that they stopped asking , but never have I been annoyed over a book that's just a simple story and never even talks about race.
633	real	I like being a student more than I like working to make money. [End Title]: All my life I’ve been a student and have been used to being a student. Now that I actually have to work it sucks because it’s not school. I like school and wish I could be a professional student.
357	real	I hate sharing my bed with my fiancé [End Title]: It’s been years I still hate it. We go to bed at different times and he mouth breathes and I’m such a light sleeper. I love him but I miss falling asleep by myself
257	real	My Three Strike Rule [End Title]: Not sure how to start this. The main problem is attempting to make meaningful connections with people regardless of age, gender, and background. I'm not talking about dating, but genuine friendships. I moved to a big city 2 years ago, which was after graduating a college in a small city. I got a job and moved almost right away.  I'm generally very confident. I love approaching people when the opportunity presents itself. When the conversation goes well, I exchange numbers with the other person, then see if they'd be interested in meeting again. I've lived in this city for two years, and I've gotten to meet so many people. So many were so friendly and nice, but superficial. I've gotten to change my standards, since this wasn't college anymore. I've had negative experiences with incompatible people, which made me selective. After developing a medical condition that limited me from going out all the time, I noticed how many superficial friendships I had. I wanted people I could rely on, people I can be very comfortable around without barriers. I don't focus on the little things, I focus on the core of people.  I've developed a 3 strike rule: if the person doesn't respond, doesn't show up or can't make it (emergencies excluded) after 3 times I stop reaching out to them. I think it's a waste of time to continue with these people, genuine friendships go two ways. Sadly, I've noticed that the overwhelming majority of people I meet don't show as much interest in me as I do to them. Then there are ones that do show up, but i'm always the one reaching out. I understand that everyone has their own life, their own responsibilities and struggles. I'll never be able to tell if I never get to know them on a deeper level. That doesn't happen right away, I believe it takes time. It's also possible that some people didn't like me to begin with, and they were just being nice in person and didn't want to be honest in text.  I was talking to someone about this. They told me that I was a judgmental asshole. That I wasn't trying hard enough, and that the problem was with me not the people I meet. I don't know how this is a problem with me. I'm not rude to these people. I don't confront them or insult them. They just don't show interest back, and I don't want to stress myself over them. I generally don't judge from first impressions either. I always give people a chance if they reach out first. Yet here I am, feeling lonely, frustrated, depressed and bitter because of people that shouldn't matter to begin with.
223	real	Im never gonna be someone I wanted to be [End Title]: Ok so,2 years ago I moved from a place to another and the people in this one are not really as mentally stimulating. I don't wanna sound mean but they're just not the way my old friends were. My old friends have now all become way funnier and smarter and more likeable. I have missed out on some mental development I will never get back
493	real	Cuddles &gt; sex [End Title]: As the title states, I (22M) find long cuddles more satisfying than sex sessions. Falling asleep in someone's arms/holding arms around someone brings me more joy than necessarily working towards an orgasm
537	real	Anxious thoughts as I try to fall asleep [End Title]: I should be asleep. I want to be asleep. But I have all these anxious thoughts cycling through my head. Why am I posting them here instead of just typing them on a note on my phone? Maybe I want validation? Or attention? Or discussion? I just need to get them out and hope it will help me sleep…  I posted about wanting to find a fwb. I have met some really cool people so far.   Am I crazy? What if I want to be fwb with more than one of them? Does that make a hoe? Would they even be okay with that? Are all of them even single…I haven’t thought to ask. When it comes down to jt, will I chicken out and not go through with it? Will I develop romantic feelings if I do? Do I actually understand the difference between a fwb and a relationship? Will my best friend ever approve? Will he even talk to me about what he’s feeling? Are the guys in talking to going to see this and want nothing more to do with me? Am I ever going to be enough?   The cycle continues….my eyes are heavy. Will I regret this in the morning? Have you read all of this? Why? Thank you, I’m sorry.
410	real	Halloween candy [End Title]: I  like candy corn I am feeling a little shamed for my love of somewhat unpopular candy.
695	real	Computer chip companies give away free samples of their chips if you fill out a form claiming to be a student or developer looking to sample. I used this to build pocket amplifiers and sell them for profit. [End Title]: The most expensive component in my [C-Moy](https://www.google.com/search?q=c-moy+amp&amp;client=firefox-b-d&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X) pocket headphone amps were the amplifier chip, especially if you wanted a good one that sounded nice.  Turns out a lot of the big companies from AD to Texas Instruments had online forms where you could request free samples, as long as you promised that you were definitely a student or product developer.  So I have a box of a couple dozen sleeves of 5-10 chips each.    I noticed after a while that the companies started catching on, especially Burr Brown, they made it so that you could request a sample, but only in SMT format, not DIP format.  This is the difference:  https://cdn.instructables.com/FKI/Q7FD/GI0TDU8X/FKIQ7FDGI0TDU8X.LARGE.jpg  DIPs are the big classic stereotypical "computer chip" that you can just plug into an easily soldered socket.  SMTs are solder-only and they're fucking tiny, really only usable by people with big expensive soldering machines or an incredibly skilled hand.  So I just learned how to solder SMT chips and kept going.  All in all I made about $200 profit from this hobby, and the free chips saved me maybe $50 total.  I was doing this in the mid 2000's.  Texas Instruments has definitely stepped up their game, making it much more difficult.  You now can't use public free email addresses (no @gmail.com), you have to have a corporate or university-approved account, and they will manually verify your mailing address to make sure it doesn't look like a suburban house like mine did.
69	real	Weed ruined my life [End Title]:   Weed became a pretty big thing in California after it was legalized. But kids are now getting hold of it and it’s kind of getting out of control. So basically me and some friends started to going to China town a lot. And when I say a lot I mean every weekend a lot. It was harmless at first until me and my friends found a certain shop that sold to minors. First thing my friend got was a juul and a bunch of pods. This wasn’t that big of a deal... at first. What started to happen was my friends didn’t really feel anything while vaping anymore so that got bored and moved to the next thing. Weed. I’ve been brought up to know drugs are horrible and you can’t ever do them. Vaping I was loose about even though I stopped doing it months ago cause it’s just plain out bad for you, but drugs? I’ve been in tons of situations where I’ve been offered or have been in a group of people who smoke, but my best friends. At first it wasn’t bad they would do it but not that much. And it started to pick up and I couldn’t handle it and I told them they needed to stop. They gave me all their bullshit (excuse my language) about how it doesn’t do anything to you and it only freezes brain cells but they un freeze eventually and at first I believed them but then things started spirillaing down hill. They would show up to class in the morning completely stoned and now honestly I can’t even tell when they’re stoned or not. I’m not gonna snitch on them cause I’m not like that but I want them to get caught and all of this finally be over. But I don’t know what to do anymore and now I’m not even in the group and it’s hit me really hard. If anyone has any suggestions to help me help them I would appreciate it a lot but I just don’t know what to do anymore.
972	real	I'm relieved my parents are homophobic because that means I won't have to take care of them [End Title]: I'm in my early twenties and I'm bisexual. I'm not out but my parents are extremely bigoted, but bigoted in denial, you know. Oh I am not racist I just thing all Black people are dangerous criminals. Once I was watching Boston legal when I was twelve and there was a scene where two men in their 40s and 60s were dancing ironically and my mother immediately turned red and started saying *turn that shit off do you know what they do*  They're also pretty horrible to me, constantly downplaying my achievements and calling me ugly, etc. In my culture it's pretty expected for daughters especially to take care of their ageing parents and I know if I were straight I'd be forced to do it by my brother.   But because they're going to disown me or cut off contact or at least not want anything to do with me as soon as I come out, which I will as soon as I have a stable income, I'm glad I'll be able to escape all that.
906	real	I feel like I'm failing in life. [End Title]: I just graduated and still can't get a job with my bachelors. I feel like I wasted undergrad getting the wrong type of experience, and I'm not even sure if I want to go down that career path anymore. I don't know what to do. But every day that I'm stuck in my current job it makes me feel terrible for not doing more...
6	real	I don’t like it when my friend talks to me about their depression problems [End Title]: Personally, I find it annoying when they talk to me about their depression and problems. I’m the type of person who thinks those things should not be shared unless it’s with family/therapist or life threatening because frankly I’m horrible at giving advice. I kind of ignored them for a while when they were deep into their daily complaints about depression, but I don’t feel guilty since it was making my mood horrible too. Why should I have to listen to you complain about your depression after breaking up with your boyfriend who never gave you attention anyways? We only talked to each other once about childhood traumas (not full depth) and I think that’s it’s the only thing important enough to share since it affects your entire life. I don’t care about your boyfriends giving you depression for a summer and I don’t care about your depressing day at work. I support you and love you, but do you HAVE to constantly bring it up? I’m not good at comforting, you never listen to reasonable advice, and all it does it ruin the mood. We’re best friends, but I want our friendship to be about having fun and being happy rather than moaning and complaining.
660	real	I nearly burned down my school [End Title]: When i was 13 i was super depressed and I dont mean depressed as in hot topic i mean therapist and mental ward depressed and I just kind of wanted to ruin my life. One day on my way home from school i was in the bathroom before leaving and I saw this huge trash bin filled to the brim with tissues and paper etc. I stood there for about a minute before i lit it. My reasoning in my head was that i would have a story to tell so somebody would wanna talk to me but that didnt turn out to be the case. I lit it and left immediatly. The bus came within half or minute or something so i was gone very Quickly. After about 10 minutes i see stores on snapchat one after another of the smoke filled rooms through Windows and fire departement. I was shitting my pants at this point. I basically got off scot free for a few months until an investigator contacted my parents. Turns out the got me on camera looking straight at it but i couldnt be convicted of it. The teachers and principals basically knew it was me but ofc couldn't tell students. I switched schools a month or two after that unrelated to the incident and when i asked my classmate later if hes heard anything new about that. I was worried that they had some how gotten to know about it and was going to tell me new class. (the schools are 200m apart). He told me the damages cost a few tens of thousands of dollars or about 17000 euro. To this day nobody except my best friend (kind of) and me knows about it. He doesnt even know exactly what happened i just told him that one day when my parents came to pick me up from school for a secret appointment i told him it was a police questioning for a thing a while ago and later i told him it was arson. Btw arson is still arson if nobody dies considering people could easily have died. Ive felt like a horrible person since and probably always will
666	real	A scary way to wake up... [End Title]: So, I recently moved back in with my ex fiance/Dom. He has agreed to take me back on in a D/L partnership &amp; we are roommates now, but he still says we're not in a relationship, which I'm okay with. I want to work on the problems from the past and some of those involved physical violence toward each other. I was very sick with mental issues and he often reacted to my emotional outbursts volatily. It was toxic, but we've both changed things and are continuing our self growth. Well, seeing as we're living in a 1 bedroom apartment, we're sharing a bed. He's been experiencing some nightmares about our past, and though I haven't admitted it to him, I've been having some flashbacks at times. Well, yesterday, I woke up because I was having a hard time breathing... He had his hand clamped over my mouth...he says he was in the middle of a nightmare. It scared the shit out of me. That's the first time one of the nightmares ended up physical. But. Things have been improving. I still love him and believe we are changing and could make our family while again one day. I found our wedding bands that day before this had happened, and I put mine on to see if it fit because when I ordered it, I guessed at the size. I could not have asked for a more perfect fit. I found part of my vows to him, all of which I'd thought I'd destroyed when the engagement was broken off. I read my tarot cards &amp; with 3 readings pulled a card about not giving up on a love situation that's strained, and a 4th card that told me to just keep fighting. I see all of these things as reasons to keep fighting.  But. Dammit...that was a terrifying way to wake up... 😭😭😭
55	real	I feel alone [End Title]: I just started college about a month ago and because of the new normal its really hard to make friends. I entered college with nearly no friends and its making it really hard for me since my family is not the most supportive. My mom is a single mom and she's the only one sending us (her four children) to school so she's always busy and easily irritated. She's always mad and she has a lot of trauma from her past but thats a different story.   Way back my last year in highschool I had two people who always stuck by my side and the three of us made friends with two other people whom we originally hated before because of our differences but eventually got to like and became good friends. On our last few months in highschool I went through a bad breakup and I needed some alone time which I told them about but weeks later they just totally shut me out.   Now im in college which is purely online. No friends. A family I can't talk to. A ton of school works. I can't express how sad this makes me.  Im sorry for the messy flow english is not my first language.
700	real	I'm struggling with staying focused and confident at work. [End Title]: I'm currently doing a virtual work training with an oversea branch of my company, and I'm struggling.  The training is part of a management training program, which at the end I'll get a landing role in the local branch. I should be excited as this is the last 6month assignment training, but so far it's not going so well.  The training (marketing) is in a country I'm unfamiliar with, in a field I've never worked in, and in a virtual assignment that wasn't intended to be a virtual assignment until recent Covid-19 restriction. I don't have expertise to rely on to understand, hence the training. I can't just check things in person and need to rely on second hand info for everything, there's difficulty in accessing tools since I need to be in the country in person at least once to set everything up. All the things they do are more advanced than I'm used to, and I feel stupid having to send email/message/call to ask basic question. If I'm there in person, it's easier to just turn around and ask, but online everyone seems busy. My boss tells me to ask I'm stuck but sometimes I don't even know what I don't know.  It also doesn't help that a lot of people quit from my local branch in just 1month alone so I'm nervous about my landing role prospect/situation once this training completes. My depression is also relapsing from WFH and personal issues.  Overall, I'm struggling to stay focus and give a shit about work and be confident. I want to do better, but to be honest this isn't even a field I'm that passionate in. Any advice would be nice.  For now I'm exploring opening up my own business, but that takes time.
380	real	My 20-month old niece with a rare brain tumor was just denied admission to St.Jude’s and was sent home to meet with hospice. I am exceptionally bitter that Covid kept all of us from getting to know her more. [End Title]: My heart is shattered. I honestly thought she would be with us for several more years at the very least. And now we’re all robbed because she’s been in treatment for over a year now and very few people have been able to see her since February of 2019 when she was 4 months old. Now she’s only 1 and a half! It isn’t fair! There is only one set of photos of her with my own son who’s two months younger than her and that could possibly be all there ever will be!!   I am so incredibly angry.
350	real	I have to work with a guy who liked me and but wasn’t respectful [End Title]: I have to Work in a team with bunch of people next year. And this one guy will be one of them.  Backstory: I was friends with him. And a year ago he said he likes me but he doesn’t want a relationship and he just wants to stay friends. (Maybe it was his strategy to avoid rejection idk) anyways I was already friends with him and I stayed friends . He started acting different. He would try to flirt and all and make his move. I thought it was effecting our friendship so I politely communicated with him. He took offence and told me to F off. I asked him not to speak to me ever again . He said fine and blocked me.   How do I deal with this situation since it’s gojng to be a little awkward?
631	real	Question for the guys [End Title]: What turns you off about a female in general?
62	real	I am incredibly depressed in my current relationship but feel trapped. [End Title]: Apologies for the wall of text, I don't use reddit much.  I'm in a multi-year, long term, long distance relationship at the moment. I take good care of my body, try to eat healthy, go to the gym several times a week - male and female friends I have tell me I am good looking and attractive. My girlfriend, though I love her very much has been unable to maintain a healthy weight and is objectively less attractive than me.   She recently hit 200 pounds, which for her caused a lot of distress. When we were dating initially she was heavier, around 170 but I didn't care, I only had eyes for her personality and smile which seemed so enticing. She was carefree, creative, artistic, intelligent. But as I got to know her better, her dark side came out; mean and vindictive comments could come out of nowhere about my appearance, or my actions, at the drop of a hat. She made lots of efforts, against my will and protests to change the clothes I wore, or how I groomed myself, even what colours of clothes "looked good on me". She would buy me clothes even after I had said I did not want them.   Me walking into the bathroom where she was doing her makeup to see how far along she was one night was met with her yelling at me for what I had chosen to wear out that night, as in "What the FUCK are you wearing?!". She is very self deprecating about her appearance I believe due to her parents raising her in a very image centric household (they make awful comments about her weight and appearance etc), she calls herself a landwhale, says she is ugly, disgusting and fat etc. I initially tried for the first few years to tell her that this is not so and it doesn't help her mental health, but over the years of us dating I find myself less likely to say anything to disagree, because it is so draining to try to pick up someone like that. She is so down on herself at times I feel like I am expending all my energy on her and it's killing me.  Like I said I initially didn't care that she was a little bit heavier, because her personality was attractive and she is quite curvy which is something I like. Now, however that she is in a professional program on the other side of the country she is horribly down all the time, gaining more weight, not fun to talk to at all. I realize this sounds incredibly selfish, that I'm complaining about my girlfriend being depressed and no fun to talk to, but she just fixates on negative stuff so much and gets angry and upset over things that she shouldn't be.   She hasn't been fun to talk to for quite some time in person either, the last 5 or six times we have seen each other we got into fights over the smallest things, all the time we were together. We lived together for almost a year before she left and I was absolutely horribly depressed that entire time because of the fighting and constant negative interactions.   I have tried breaking up with her three times, the first time she told me I was "being a real piece of shit" and yelled and screamed at me for an extended period before we eventually made up. The second time when we broke up for a day she manipulated me into getting back with her by promising to change, she made promises that she claimed she would do, but never did, multiple times. She admitted to lying to me about a whole bunch of stuff at our relationship, and apologized, saying she would never do it again but to this day still lies to me about things. I will ask her if she is upset and she says no but I know she is lying so I have to drag it out of her which is exhausting. The third time where I almost broke up with her but did not, she threatened to kill herself, at which point I was so done with the abuse and manipulation that I walked down the hall with all my stuff and she literally ran after me and blocked me from going out the door to the building. I wasn't about to get in a physical altercation so I relented and she claimed again, she would change.  At this point I just want to be out of this relationship. I feel like I can't because she has almost no friends, she would have no support from her family because they are awful to her, insult her apperance, are very neurotic etc. and I know if I do break up with her it could really hurt her chances at succeeding in her career because she is in a professional program that is year round and is four years long - if you fail a semester it is a BIG deal. She has told me before if she lost me that it would be the end of her world, and that she can't live without me which is really hard to hear when I am so miserable. I feel like me breaking up with her is either a literal death sentence or the end of her career. Which is sad, and horrible.  Today I was in the gym working out, (for about the last two years I have become less and less attracted to her body as she gains weight and I become less happy with her) and I just realized that I had this overwhelming desire to be with someone like the girls in the gym. Confident, fit, not overweight women who can commit to things, who actually know how to make friends and interact with people, who don't make excuses, and fall off the wagon and then come crying to me for assurance that it's ok.  She has cried every day that I have known her by the way. She cannot do dieting because she complains about it "not tasting good". This is not to say there have been good moments in this relationship, she does love me and has given me lots of good advice and I have grown from knowing her but it's not worth it to me, I just don't know how to keep living this way.   I don't mean to be vulgar but today the urge to sleep with every fit, attractive, well muscled and lean woman in the weight room was unbearable. I imagined how different it would be with them, not crushing my body under her weight, actually able to sustain sexual contact for longer than a minute without becoming winded, flexible enough to do positions, not complaining about how long it takes me to finish or asking when I'm going to climax (which really kills the mood).  I don't really know why I wrote this, I feel like I can't say any of this to anyone in real life because I would be judged somehow.  Anyways, thank you all for listening.
215	real	I have a girlfriend but I’m trans and she’s straight [End Title]: So I’m 15 and I’ve come to the conclusion I’m trans.The problem is I have a girlfriend and she is straight.I love her so much we’ve been together since we were 12.And I’m afraid she won’t love me anymore because well I’m trans.
534	real	I Hate this toxic family... I don't know if I can hold on anymore [End Title]: Great, my parents are now talking behind my back because I didn't study and I how I didn't say like can I go get do this for college or I should take test that i don't have yet.. they're mad because I'm not studying hard enough because all I do because is sitting and eating and sleep that what my mom said.. I guess I could never be happy.. maybe I deserve not to be happy.. maybe I deserve not to be loved. Maybe if I died everything will be better for them.. they will be happier without me, they want me to go and say I will go print papers for college, or act like I'm busy with college, but it's loke the second week of college and don't know what the hell they want from me
182	real	PSA: There is a wholesome confessions sub, please use it. [End Title]: That is all.
487	real	I've been ghosted by every girl I meet and I just can't take it anymore. [End Title]: I moved to a new city for work eight months ago, I've yet to go on a single date because every single time I meet a girl, she ghosts me or stands me up.  It's such a shock going from full fledged text conversations and planning dates together to complete radio silence.  It'd almost be comical at this point, but sitting by myself, waiting for someone to show up yet again, it just makes me fucking hate myself.  When did this become acceptable behavior?  I feel like I put a lot of effort towards making myself datable, when did it become normal to treat men like they're not even worth the trouble of texting?  Am I so terrible that you can't let me buy you a dinner and chat with me for an hour?  It almost feels like they do it to be cruel at this point, I just fucking don't know what to do anymore.
653	real	It's all about the genes, after all. [End Title]: I have bad appearance. I had been worrying about it long time. Now I don't care much about it. This isn't because I don't take it as serious, but I'm becoming bald. This world is meaningless if you have bad genes. I have been making effort aspiring to acquire foreign language. But now, it turned out to be futile and ended up making committing suicide even more hard than ever, because I won't lose it and reluctant to part with it. If I knew this was going to happen I definitely haven't made any effort.  I hate this world where don't let anyone blame parents for being passed bad gene. This world is not interesting. But most futile and meaningless and idiot and incompetent existence is me and my parents.
742	real	I need some hope [End Title]: With all the things going on right now, from petty social media squals to wildfires and aitstrikes, for me, it's difficult to cope and find positivity. I know It's gonna be brutal before it gets beautiful, but I think there's been enough brutal. So...what's beautiful?
360	real	I called CPS on a family member [End Title]: There has been a long history of neglect and the entire family knows it's happening. I'm talking diapers not changed, child not bathed, hair a matted mess, when the person in question gets around to feeding the child it's usually junk food and sugar. Then there's the safety aspects. The child has gotten out of the home several times and wandered the property alone. She only just turned 3. It just happened again and she made it to the road out front where people fly by the house. She did it twice in winter with nothing but a soaked diaper and some small boots on. The adult in question has a history of mental illness and has stated they hear voices telling them to harm the child and them self . There have been acknowledged attempts by this person. Not many, but really, isn't one enough?  The rest of the family... They sit around and talk about it and 'don' t want to get involved. '  I called CPS.  I'd do it again in a heartbeat and I should have done it a long time ago. I know it's going to cause waves and they're going to be absolutely furious if they find out - and I'm fairly certain they suspect it was me anyway - but I would rather see that child alive and well and not have to ask myself why I didn't act, when we bury the child after it's too late.  UPDATE : first, thank you all for your kind words a d support. It means a lot.  CPS did a home visit and the mother is not allowed to be unsupervised with the child. There's at least one more random visit so we will see. No regrets. Not a single one.
876	real	My friend sent me an article from some site where it said that someone I really liked made inappropriate jokes (which I do too) and touched people at a party [End Title]: It’s from a skeevy site but honestly it seems scary I really liked the dude :/
139	real	I just drank cooking wine to keep my buzz because I can't cope with my sobering thoughts right now. [End Title]: Like the title says, I just need something. I feel disgusting doing it, and I know I have a problem but I just can't cope with myself at this moment. Life needs to be put on hold sometimes. Fuck life. Fuck myself. Just give me a moment of clarity and inner peace.
708	real	My story... i can't hold it back anymore.... [End Title]: Hey uhm, first time posting in this platform... I really need to get some stuff out of me..., I'm currently 18yrs old,I live with a family that's very violent and close minded; they have alway been very violent towards me, and, it has been like this for years, since i was 7. In 2018, I've decided that I wanted to leave that place and move in with my mother, and try to live by my own, however i was kicked from the first one because my roommates didn't like me, and went into another, i was there until March 2019, they started to dislike my presence there, my lifestyle was very different from them, i worked at nights, slept during the day, in March, they decided to put me in a Mental Asylum to get me out of the apartment with claims that i wanted to kill myself (at the time that wasn't true) I spent two days there which were the worst days of my life; forced to take meds that didn't help me. It was very controlled and I was treated like I was crazy. i was able to get out thankfully, but that was the beginning of hell, i was sent back to my father's house, I hate him, he is the one who has always been very violent against me every time, and, things started to get worse, they started to make attempts to control my personal and social life.  i planned on leaving that place to my best friends house(His nick name is Chucky, also, he lives in the states, while, I live on the Caribbean region), who accepted me into his family, and, we became brother and sister, but, my family found out about this, and started to block my access to the internet(I use Discord to talk with Chucky)and called him a sex offender(He is 36) and tried to separate us..., they started to be abusive towards me, putting me down and calling me names. \[I should mention that they don't like people that are in the LGBT community, which, I'm part of...,I am transgender, and, Pansexual\] I was diagnosed with Level 1 Moderate Depression, and OCD. I also have PTSD, to which I'm currently taking meds for it. Even though they are actual mental issues, they (my family) doesn't believe they affect me at all, and that i have those because "I wanted to" rather than being cause by the violence and psychological mistreatment i suffered when i was a child, caused by them. my parent started to hit me in the face whenever we had heated fights, and when I told him the truth, or whenever i say something he didn't like, He believes that no matter what, even if they did bad on their children, that their children should respect him, which is wrong.  They also stole the phone Chucky gave to me(borrowed) in an attempt to see my conversations with him, which they failed. I decided to try to go to the police station and explain the situation, but, they didn't care and told me that was "Disciplinary Actions" and didn't do anything at all. I tried to then gather my personal documents and plan an escape with Chucky, but, they took all my personal documents, even my ID card, and tried to stop me from leaving. I was eventually able to tell Chucky what's wrong and he sent another phone with 100$ for anything.  We decided to make a plan to get me out of where i live, but ,we had an issue, I needed a Birth Certificate and a ID card to travel by air to the US, but, I needed the BC to get an ID card and I needed a ID card to get the BC, which is dumb, so I was stuck. I decided to ask for the only BC available, the one that my parents have, but, they would not let me have it, and started saying stuff like"Go get a job, then, you are worthy of having the document" Why do i need to get a job to get something that's MINE, why do i have to go through the hassle of doing all of that,? I tried insisting more but they didn't gave it to me...  A few days went by, Until a few days ago, they found out about my other phone, and they started screaming at me and said stuff like "you shouldn't have a phone" and stuff and then, as the B\*\* my parent is, he took the phone they stole from me and they snapped it in half right in front of me, the same phone that I borrowed (i have an attachment on things that people that i love &amp; care give to me, or borrowed) What they did hurted me a lot and my anxiety began to skyrocket; I began screamng back at them arguing until he grabbed me by my throat, pushed me against the wall, and nearly suffocated me to death. My stepmom told him to stop, and he did,andthen I let out the loudest scream ever and shouted, "Never ever ever touch me again!" They retalited by saying stuff like,"After we helped you you treat us like this?" and saying that i didn't "appreciate them." Why do I have to appreciate the people who made my childhood hell and painful and were abusive to me and hurt me? Excuse me? No, after the fight ended i told them to never touch my phone,they didn't reply  They told me they'll help me get the ID card in September, but that's it, Yesterday, when my father arrived he started arguing with me yet again and then threatened to cut the power all day starting on monday, so that I'm not able to use my PC, the only thing that can calm my anxiety and helps me forget my depression for a bit. This is evil and shows he doesn't care at all for my mental issues, I'm tired of all this and honestly, I'm been close to actually killing myself now. :sob: I want to be happy. I want to be free. I want to get out of this horrible place.
451	real	I cheated twice. [End Title]: So last year I had two very brief relationships and both times I cheated with the same guy, it was sexting but that still counts. Now my life has gone to shit and this is the universes way of telling me I’m a piece of shit that deserves nothing good in my lifetime. Also I know I’m very dramatic.
75	fake	I have a pregnancy fetish [End Title]: Yeah, so just what the title says. I kind of stumbled across it a few days ago when I saw a TikTok of a woman dancing with her belly out and I immediately got horny for some reason. That led me down a rabbit hole of some of Reddit's finest subs, and yeah, I'm addicted to jacking off to nude pictures/videos of pregnant women. The problem with this new discovery is that my best friend's fiancee, who I see pretty regularly, is pregnant right now. Trying to hide the boner is going to be difficult, I'm afraid. Hell, I just needed to get this off my chest. It feels so weird to me and I don't know where it came from.
145	real	I struggle with ADHD and Anxiety I just want some who relates [End Title]: Hi there. My name is Natalia and as the title says I struggle with adhd and anxiety which makes school extremely difficult for me. If you are wondering what kind of anxiety it’s social. So I just came here to try and find people who relate with so I can have people to talk to for once. Hope whoever reads this has a good rest of your day or night.   TL/DR: I need someone to talk to.
419	real	Straight up I miss cuddling someone bro [End Title]: Like just chilling cuddled up w someone and you both know what's comfortable for each other while you just talk or watch a movie or some shit bro. I miss that, hella comfy.   Hope y'all doing good
699	real	I released someone’s pet parrot [End Title]: I’ll begin by mentioning that this happened a couple months back at my old job as an electrical data analyst. The job involved me walking roughly 12-20km a day, visiting over 400/500 different addresses and reading electrical meter boxes/switchboards in order to calculate there electricity usage. It was a shit job and the negatives definitely did out weight the pros, but I got to work by myself and needed immediate income after an unexpected redundancy.   Anyways, so I got assigned my usual ‘route’, it was something like 400 different addresses, with about 700 different readings (should probably mention that the routes are located in the same suburbs and some meters need multiple readings). The suburb was fuelled with meth addicts and an extremely high crime rate, something I assume your all aware is quite common in areas with high amounts of drug use.  So I’m walking down the road and head to roughly the 330th different address on my handheld (this provides me with the jobs). Now most of the time when I arrive on the property I try be as quickly as I can. I was on an hourly rate and if it took me longer than 5 minutes to read a meter it would come out of my time, also, people in summary hate you. Your there to give them their power bill, so most of the time it’s a big fuck you impression immediately.  Anyways, I rock up at this house and first thing i noticed and said to myself was “what the fuck is that smell”. It smelt like a bunch of raccoons had a fucking orgy with a pod of dolphins. Secondly, the front yard, the rubbish, like oh my. I simply didn’t understand, there was trolleys, boxes, rusted gym equipment, tyres, car parts, shower heads, plumbing equipment etc. Basically every crackheads ‘I’ll use this later’ analogy.   So I’m walking down the forbidden path of rubbish and junk, dodging all the hazardous obstacles and challenges set before me when I inevitably arrive at the front door where the meter box is located. Upon arriving I see, there’s three bird cages at the front door. Two with nothing but skeletal remains (r.i.p) of what looked like finches and the last cage was home to a gorgeous white parrot.   The poor thing was jammed into a tiny cage only double the size of its body, it had water that was brown sludge, it was eating the shells of its seeds as it had no fresh stuff put in it and it had cuts on its feet from shredded plastic. It was then that I said to myself, “no longer shall this parrot live like this, this parrot shall be a free parrot!” “And if it dies in the wild shortly after this, it shall remember that it’s last few days or hours were the best it’s had”.  It was then, that I made the decision to lift up the small latch on the cage and set it free. The parrot immediately exited it’s sewer of a home as I lifted the latch and majestically began to fly towards its freedom. I murmured and waved ‘fly forest, fly’, as I evacuated the property as quickly as humanly possible.
706	real	I'm becoming disillusioned with my country. [End Title]: I don't want to make this super political or anything, just something I felt like I needed to say. I'm an adult living in the USA, and I've recently had a hard time thinking about my country the way all my education has taught me to. I noticed it especially this 4th of July, since something felt very off about celebrating the US and putting up all those flags. I'm aware that on the surface my country looks good; 4th stage DTM, strong military, secular government, generally socially progressive, constitutional protection of human rights. But the closer I look the more fundamental flaws I see on a systemic level.   Of course being built on oppression is a negative, but we haven't been able to fix the issues that a history of oppression caused. I know our interventionist approach with our military is mostly a consequence of ww2, but I don't like that either. And it hits a little more close to home too; I'm part of a marginalized group that has become a big scapegoat for a lot of things in politics lately, and recently my country has been increasing the amount of legislation that takes away rights from my group. I feel like things are just getting worse. It's becoming both depressing and frightening to live in a country that treats people this way while being as patriotic as it is.   I know many would say, "just leave then", but obviously it's not that simple. It would take lots of time and resources to emigrate, and besides, I love my state and local area. I don't even know where I'm going with this, I've just got a lot of thoughts floating around my head and not many of them are patriotic.
124	real	I feel bad for my friends who are on drugs but I don't wanna be around them and I feel bad about that too ... [End Title]: I'm 30 and I have a few friends who are making poor choices 🙂  I love these friends but losing my mother to drugs has made me auto separate from anyone using. (when I say drugs I mean meth,heroin and crack not ducking hippy drugs like pot and mushrooms) anyway i feel bad like I should do or say something but we are all adults and I just honestly don't have the energy to fuckin do it. But its bothering the fuck out of me that I don't wanna help them cause I don't wanna be around them and I guess I'm just getting it off my chest here. Thanks guys
15	real	My old apologized to me today. [End Title]:  I used to have this kid who was a few years older than me who would bully me occasion. He'd mostly call me names and push me around. At some point we got into a real nasty fight which ended with me biting him on the shoulder and almost ripping his skin off. After that I changed schools for a while.   Flash forward to today and I saw him at a pub. I didn't even recognize him until he came to me and said hello.   Truth be told I was surprised to see him after such a long time, but what surprised me even more was that he apologized for picking on me.  He seemed genuinely sorry.  I legit was speechless.   After a quick apology he went away.  I don't know what to say.
883	real	I wish people would stop calling me a simp. [End Title]: So I’ve made a post on a throwaway account before about my feelings for a girl and I get called a simp for it.   It seems petty but small shit gets to me, okay?  I know I asked the girl out and that she rejected me but I still want to hug her and comfort her because she cares for me like no other person has. I want to return the favour but I didn’t know what the boundaries was, I’ve never been in a relationship, I’ve never had a female best friend so I don’t know what’s acceptable or not as friends.  Just because I care about my best friends feelings and I want to hug her because I want to let her know she’s liked by people and honestly, sometimes I’m scared of the world, but, doesn’t mean I’m a simp.. right?
474	fake	Let my dog lick my butthole [End Title]: As a child I would secretly let my dog lick my butthole for pleasure and it eventually turned into me master bating while my dog did it. My parents caught me once and told me it was wrong to do that. I have not done it since, but I think about it a lot.
630	real	First year self harm free [End Title]: Who would've tought that this girl would ever reach the 1 year clean of self harm. I have struggled with self harm since i was 13 years old, for over 2 years there wouldnt be a day where i didnt hurt myself. My longest period of being clean used to be almost 2 months. I never left the house without wearing long jeans and long sleeves, even in in summer when it was super hot and sunny outside.   One year ago, 10-12-2019, was one of the hardest and most painful days in my entire life. And after not having self harmed for a few weeks or months i had a mayor breakdown and i relapsed.   Now, one year later on 10-12-2019, i am one year clean for the first time in my life. I am wearing shorts again, short sleeves, tank tops, whatever the heck i want. Who would've thought that this girl would ever reach one year clean of self harm. Who would've thought that this girl would even be alive at the age of 19.  Thank you for reading, i hope you have an amazing day ! Please know that you're not alone, even though you feels like it sometimes. Even if today was a bad day, you have a new chance tomorrow. If tomorrow isnt that great either, you have the day after tomorrow, and the day after that day, and then another day after. Just because you had a bad day doesn't mean you are out of options and chances. "Remember that bad times, are just times that are bad."   Feel free to DM me about anything, i am very willing to help :)  Now, time to celebrate witg piece of cake !
412	real	Living With Scars After An Attempt [End Title]: Recently I attempted - it was my first time (hopefully my last), and I was hospitalized for 2 weeks for it. It's a pain to wake up every morning only to have a hellish reminder of what I've done. This repeats every time I look at my body. I am very aware that the scars on my arms are large and people obviously know what they are from. I hate the fact that I will, for the rest of my life (currently 20), live with this ugly callback to the worst moments in my life.  This is made worse by the fact I have a date coming up. Never been in a relationship so I don't really know what to do - but that not the point. I have this outfit I would like to wear, but the shirt is short sleeves so I need to create a new one. I hate the fact that I am going to have to always be hiding it with long sleeves (especially with summer coming). What a pain
97	real	"are you trying to date me?" [End Title]: No. You're straight.  I laugh it off. You ask again. I say buying a coffee is a friendly gesture I've done for other friends. You say not in your country and insist to transfer it to me. I freeze. Suddenly I'm not me, I'm 15 year old me petrified because I had nothing to add to a friendly chat about sucking off Harry Styles.   I felt so so small. So petrified. We hung out for two more hours and it felt fine but I was still scared. I texted you, apologised if I made you uncomfortable and confessed that this made me uncomfortable. You said you didn't even think of the fact that I am gay, it was just a joke. You didn't realize.   How strange is that? That I explain to you what butch is one day, and the next, you don't really remember what I am. I don't ask you to do so, and I hope its true that it truly wasn't in your mind. But its also painful that it seems you think I'm queer as a fashion statement, something I can take off and hang on a rack when I'm older.   My friend, I suppose it's not reasonable. And you've apologised anyway. But that hurt.
973	real	My mom saw my scars [End Title]: [TW: self harm]  I've struggled with cutting for a couple months now. Hiding my scars has been getting harder and harder. Today, I was hugging my mom and my sleeve slipped down.  When she asked me what happened I told her it was my cat. She closed the door and told me she knew what I was doing, she knew what these scars meant, and that she was here for me.  I've never heard this before and now I can't stop fucking crying. I don't know how to tell her that these scars aren't just a one time thing, that sometimes she's the reason for it. I cant believe I never realized that I've been hurting her too.  I'm so fucking stupid. I've never wanted to get better until now. I wish I could undo every cut. I'm sorry mom. I live you.
394	real	I'm leaving reddit [End Title]: I think it's time I left.  I'm just tired of all the silly arguments. It's just all a waste of time.   Tbf I've said all this before but ended up coming back.   But I won't be coming back this time. I'm going for good.   Bye reddit
497	real	Something weird happened [End Title]: Today morning I decided to go workout at the park, I went to my car and found a dollar bill tucked in my door handle, I wonder why?
127	real	I’ve hit a rough place and had to tell people my financial position [End Title]: I’m on mobile so sorry for the formatting (never used reddit on computer so don’t know the difference but everyone seems to say it in posts when using mobile)  Plus: not sure if this is the right sub so please let me know.  So I’ve been in full time work at this job as a manager. Always worked hard, showed up early to help out and even come in on days that I shouldn’t have been but got ask to come in that I didn’t get payed for. But after six months I suffered an injury that basically rendered my right hand useless (ligament damage plus nerve damage) to this I was put off work for a couple of weeks, 2 1/2 to be exact. And after those 2 1/2 weeks when I came back they treated me like well a worker they all of the sudden had this other guy telling me what to do and what not. My position was taken over without my knowledge and I felt expandable   Anyway I got clearance from the doctors to say “yes hand is fine give him work” (not the case but did lie so I could work) anyway, to the point of the story. I was in a bad position after having those weeks off. I didn’t know how to keep my car repayments going including rent and also food and baby supplies. Had to put a lot off to keep things going and telling people “I was fine” and “I’ve got this” but today I admitted to a work friend that I was in a “bad place” and “how could work forgot what I did and now I’m in term oil for it” . She did what I could never ask anyone for but she asked if I need help. For the first time in my life and the first time to ask I said “yes” she got me dinner, she got me smokes (don’t judge hard to quit under pressure) and she gave me $100. (She got an early tax return and I told her no but she was honestly more kind than I hope to be)  Anyway fast forward an hour or two me and her get back from a delivery and I hear “hey sorry mate we don’t need you tomorrow” and I say “ mate I can’t keep working on these hours” he says “give me a sec” (me stressing about rent and food) he comes back “your working, you have a family you need it more than most of us”. My take of today for the first time I actually told someone ‘yes I need help ‘ and damn I won’t take it for granted. I felt shit and I felt weak but the people around me and saw I didn’t want to ask but I needed it. They made me feel good that I have that support
142	fake	I like big black bulldogs [End Title]: I like fucking big black bulldogs in their big black  buttholes. It makes me feel manlier, you know? Like, I’m the one in charge. I’m the alpha. Those bitches can’t stop this white boy dick from gettin’ up in that. I’m the man. I’m fucking God. Until I step outside my house, where I cannot plug big black bulldog buttholes without receiving dirty looks or having the police called on me. It’s not gross. It’s natural. It’s survival of the fittest. Those dogs could do the same to me, but I am stronger. So I survive. This is the law of nature and it has been conserved for years and years, and as long as it remains I shall fuck big black bulldogs in their big black buttholes. All the time.
151	real	I hate being alone. [End Title]: My mom bought her first home so i had to move schools. i was lucky enough to stay the first two weeks at my old school and i loved being with my friends. now im at my new school and i don’t know anyone and i suck at making friends. i’m still in a gc with my old friends and i feel so bad when i see them talking about what they’re going to wear to homecoming and where they going to eat and who they’re going to bring. i feel like a baby or selfish saying this but why haven’t they asked me to come with them? idk i feel like i’m not as close with them but ik it’s impossible to be since i’m at a new school. my best friend showed me what she’s wearing and asked me when my homecoming is. i told her and told her i probably wont go bc i don’t know anyone. she just said yeah that’s true. and now i feel like if i asked her to come i’d just be bothering her. i hate feeling this way i hate being alone. i wish i never moved schools
869	real	The truth is that I am a prick [End Title]: I am a prick secretly to everyone.  I just don’t give a shit about people’s emotions or their problems or whatever including my friends. Whatever the problems they have, I just pretend to be supportive to them, making sure that they are alright. But the truth is that I actually don’t care. I don’t care about me as well. I just want to restart my whole life and I want to be a new person, not me currently, a new person with the ability to have feelings for someone without even need to pretend for them.
209	real	something is wrong with me body-image wise. i need help. this actually might kill me if it gets outta hand? but i kinda want it to..? [End Title]: Ever since age 11, I've been fat shamed by my family. I'm 14 now, I lost weight, I guess I look healthy if I'm clothed properly, but I still have the baggage of my family's fat shaming on my shoulders.   It lurks around me like a dark cloud that bothers me everyday and truth be told, their words changed me from the person I once was.  I didn't see my fat as what they saw it as, which was unhealthy and unnecessary, because it was "ruining my pretty face"  I saw it as a blanket to help shield my body from anyone who tried to harm me again. It made sense to me that:  fat = safe from everything and everyone who'd try to harm me forever and ever until the end of time.  but no.  I started seeing myself as this blob of fat that was just existing, taking all the clean air, eating all the food, and sucking the happiness out of the household.  I can't look in a mirror for more than a few minutes before I start to wonder what my body looks like and if I'm still fat or what needs fixing. I'd end up picking at my body for hours. So I started keeping my head down  I get so nervous when I don't know the amount of calories in whatever my mom cooked, so I stopped eating her food and now I make my own.  I can't stand to look in the cabinet or the fridge without having the labels facing towards me so I can (attempt to) memorize the calories  I wore XXL shirts even though I could fit a L fine.  I weigh myself 3-4 times a day, which is 21-28 times a week.  I wore baggy pants so boys wouldn't stare at my butt and so if I got fatter it wasn't noticeable.  I wore jackets everyday to hide my fat rolls.  I'd make food, cut it in half, then throw that half away.  I eat off saucers and use baby spoons to fit smaller serving sizes.  I started eating half of a serving size for everything.  I can't see myself as the girl I once was. I feel like if I want my family to like me and be happy with me I've got to be stick thin with no meat on bones.  gosh,i just want to like (or merely tolerate) myself again.  can someone help me?
613	real	I can't seem to catch a break. [End Title]: It's been a tough one. About to reach the 2 year anniversary of a divorce I didn't want after being cheated on. I got stuck with a vehicle I didn't want that had a loan I can't afford in said divorce. The car has cost me 10k in repairs in this time, all sitting on credit cards that were already run up after an unexpected separation. I don't have the money to even figure out where I'll be next month and got dropped from my car insurance today for the claims. All of these repairs have meant that it's been in the shop constantly, rendering it useless.  &amp;#x200B;  I grew up in and out of foster care and always considered myself to be tough emotionally. I pulled myself up and had a great job and what I thought was a great relationship. Ever since the end of that, I have been in a spiral for 2 years. I feel like I am worse off than I used to be and don't see the light or the positive like I used to.  &amp;#x200B;  I've been involved with a woman for almost a year who treats me terrible but I feel so broken right now that I will take whatever I can get. I have a job that has a lot of potential but has been slow to manifest. Every day I wake up in a panic and have to convince myself to get up and go to work so I don't fuck things up any more than they already are.   &amp;#x200B;  I just need to catch a break to get a little hope back in my life. Prayers, good thoughts, ideas and friendship are all appreciated.
307	real	Sorry, I wrote in Spanish because it's my first language, I needed to get it off my chest anyway [End Title]:   El fin de semana me quebré, le dije que ya no iba a discutir, en lugar de eso, solo iba a llorar. Me vio triste y seria y se preocupó porque yo confronto normalmente, pero ya no tengo energía. Sentía mucha ansiedad y yo no soy ansiosa, pero últimamente me siento al límite de mis nervios.  El incidente de hoy comenzó en la mañana cuando me dijo que el hombre que tiene que venir a excavar, le estaba dando largas. Hace 6 meses que lo estamos esperando y aunque no es su culpa (de Richard), discutimos, pero le aclaré que no era contra él, sino contra el hombre que había garantizado que vendría terminando las vacaciones de la construcción. Él también estaba frustrado.   Más tarde, una libreta importante que estaba perdida, apareció misteriosamente en un lugar que yo no he tocado en años, pero que casualmente él utilizo últimamente. Claro que él no aceptó que la había puesto ahí por error. Yo se lo dije y le molestó que yo no le agradeciera haberla encontrado. Discutimos.  Más tarde, otra vez discutimos, llegó una pieza de la aspiradora que estaba rota hace tiempo, me pidió ayuda para instalarla, yo con gusto lo hago porque a él le falta paciencia para las cosas y es brusco. Tenía miedo que la rompiera, eso le molesta mucho y no entiende porque no confío en él. Le expliqué mi percepción, pero no le gustó y me empezó a insistir e insistir. Yo estoy en mis horas de trabajo, tratando de hacer lo posible para concentrarme en teletrabajo, con 3 perros y él que últimamente me interrumpe constantemente cuando trabajo, sus asuntos siempre son urgentes, yo ya estoy tan exhausta emocionalmente que ya le doy el avión o quiero alejarme. Eso no le gusta, no quería que cerrara la puerta, amenazó con romperla, la empujamos, insiste que los dos incidentes de hoy, son cosas positivas y que debería agradecerle. Tal vez tiene razón. Le dije que era un bully, que las cosas que siempre me contaba desde su niñez eran así. A veces lo acepta, sobre todo cuando no hay un incidente de por medio, pero cuando discutimos casos concretos, siempre lo niega.  En un momento dado de la discusión, agarró uno de mis monitores de trabajo y amenazó con romperlo. Me hablaba golpeado y muy cerca de mi cara así que le pedí que se alejara varias veces, le dije que si estiraba la mano y lo podía tocar, quería decir que estaba muy cerca. Le recordé que eso no le gustaría y lo que me haría si eso pasara. Él dijo que ya había hecho su terapia de cólera así que ya se controlaba y que para probarlo le pegara, yo le dije que no porque me iba a golpear él más fuerte, pero insistió. Yo estaba desesperada y tratando de no dejarme intimidar, así que acepté y le di una bofetada. Se sorprendió mucho pero no hizo nada.   Por supuesto que no acabó ahí, regresó a amenazarme que iba a llamar a la policía porque yo lo había golpeado, aunque él me lo haya pedido. Le dije que los llamara, que yo no tenía nada que reprocharme y ahí quiso voltear las cosas y decirme como yo nunca me reprocho nada, que sólo no le llama a la policía porque él es el hombre entonces es a él al que se van a llevar.  Es impulsivo, pero se calma y regresa a querer arreglar las cosas, para él, un signo de que lo perdoné, es cuando me pide un beso y se lo doy. Cuando se lo niego, sabe que todavía estoy enojada, lo cual no le gusta pero lo acepta hasta la siguiente vez que viene, e intenta lo mismo.  La discusión siguió cuando una de las veces que vino a pedirme un beso, le dije que ya no quería, que ya estaba tan cansada y que me mandara los papeles de divorcio y que se los firmaba. Se lo he dicho muchas veces, pero siempre pienso en todo el problema que es divorciarse, qué hacer con los animales, las casas que hay que vender, etc., \*El fin de semana ya lo habíamos discutido, me dijo que si eso quería, él lo iba a hacer porque yo solamente amenazaba y que él no.\*  Le dije que ésta vez era en serio, que ya lo había decidido y que ya no tenía la fuerza para seguir aguantando el estrés y la tensión en nuestras vidas. Él me dijo que yo no era tampoco fácil, a lo que le respondí que tenía razón, que no somos buenos el uno para el otro. Eso también ya lo hemos dicho muchas veces. Yo sé que es la realidad y que siempre lo ha sido. Él no saca lo mejor de mí, a pesar de que he aprendido y madurado mucho a su lado, pero definitivamente no soy la mejor versión de mí.  La verdad es que no estaba realmente pensando en divorciarme, no es mi meta, aunque es algo que me ha dado vueltas durante mucho tiempo. Más bien, siempre he sabido que la relación no es buena, aunque ha habido momentos buenos, pero en general, siempre hemos sacado muchas chispas. Lo he sabido durante mucho tiempo, pero tenía la esperanza de que las cosas cambiaran. Definitivamente no lo estaba planeando en éste momento, pero las cosas se dieron así por la forma en que me sentí amenazada y vulnerable. Me prometí que nunca iba a volver a sentirme así.  Desde el incidente de la escalera hace 5 años, sé que es capaz de perder la cabeza y hacer cosas impulsivas. Ahora tomo mucho más en serio sus amenazas. Muchas veces me he sentido arrinconada cuando quiere arreglar problemas en el momento. No acepta hablar después y nunca encontramos el buen momento de hacerlo en calma. La urgencia es el estrés, una vez que el estrés se le va, ya no hay urgencia de hablar las cosas.  Le repetí que esta vez era en serio, que hiciera los papeles de divorcio o los hacía yo. Me preguntó si estaba hablando en serio y cuando le dije que sí, empezó a decir que yo lo estaba haciendo a propósito para arruinar su jubilación. Ahí si le dolió, se enojó mucho y fue cuando perdió la calma, así que cuando  empezó a amenazarme y a tratar de intimidarme, le dije que iba a llamar a la policía. Así que marqué el número y se lo enseñé aunque solo era el número pero no conecté la llamada, pero no me creyó, nunca me cree.   Siguió gritando, esta vez muy fuerte, empezó a golpear el sillón al lado de donde yo estaba, me dijo que iba a matar 6 personas en la calle, lo tomé muy en serio, porque no sé de qué puede ser capaz cuando ve amenazado su futuro por el que tanto ha esperado, su jubilación que como bien me dijo, hace 32 años que espera ansiosamente y que si en verdad lo hacía, iba a ser yo la primera. Le dije que lo estaba tomando en serio, que tantas veces hemos visto en las noticias los casos de feminicidios, así que conecté la llamada. Mientras hablaba con la operadora, él no lo podía creer, me repetía que si era en serio, que cómo le podía hacer eso, que le estaba arruinando la vida, que iba a pasar la noche en la cárcel, etc.   Di los datos y no me quedó más que esperar. Él seguía sin creerlo y diciendo que era mi culpa que su vida se arruinara, yo le recordé que era su culpa, no la mía, que no me toma en serio y que si estaba tan preocupado por no arruinar su vida, que cuidara lo que dice o hace, que yo no sé qué es lo que hablaba con su psicóloga porque yo no veía que nunca tomara responsabilidad de sus palabras ni de sus actos. Siento que su lado simpático le sale con figuras de autoridad o gente con poder que lo puede juzgar. Pero siempre es culpa de algo o alguien. Persona, animal o cosa. También le dije que tenía un lado muy bueno y que era de el que me había enamorado, pero que tenía otro lado que me volvía literalmente loca. He estado investigando sobre los manipuladores y siento que entra en muchas de las descripciones y eso me ha hecho pensar más seriamente en lo que he vivido y aguantado, siempre minimizando lo que hace y lo que me puede afectar, siempre tratando de voltear la culpa hacia mí. Siempre cambiando de enojado a tratar de contentarme, porque le molesta o causa ansiedad cuando yo no esto bien con él.  La policía llegó y yo salí con la mujer policía, mientras que el otro policía entró con él. Le expliqué lo que había pasado, pero me guardé el comentario de que iba a matar gente y le dije que yo creía que el simple hecho de que la policía vino, lo iba a calmar por el miedo a perderlo todo. La policía me preguntó si tenía con quien hablar, le dije que no, pero que contactaría un psicólogo para hablar. En realidad no tengo a nadie con quien hablar, sólo tengo mis pensamientos y lo que escribo aquí. No tengo ningún apoyo emocional, sólo mis perros que me dan ánimo y razones para vivir.  El policía salió y dijo que le había sugerido a Richard que pasara la noche en un hotel para dejar que las cosas se calmaran, así que lo iban a llevar. Preparó una maleta y se fue con ellos.  Y aquí estoy yo… escribiendo esto… con un nudo de ansiedad en el estómago, con un dolor de cabeza de tanto llorar, sin saber que voy a hacer mañana, no puedo faltar al trabajo.
454	real	Can we all agree homemade nachos are by far the best food? [End Title]: Discuss :)
61	real	I’ve been in love with my wife’s sister for 20 years and I’m almost certain the feeling is mutual [End Title]: This isn’t a cheating post before people get crazy.  My wife and I have been dating since we’ve been 17. Her sister is four years older than us.  There was a time when I was 20 and she was 24 when my wife (girlfriend and the time) and I were on the verge of a breakup. We had been fighting for a few months. Her sister and I had spoken a few months before about what I could/should do to make things better...and her sister kept telling me that it was all my girlfriend’s fault, that I didn’t owe her an apology, etc.  I still remember her telling me that I’m the kind of guy that every girl wants to marry and have kids with...and if it were a different life, she wished I was that guy for her. Two weeks later her boyfriend of four years broke up with her.  She came to my apartment crying, absolutely devastated. Before she left, we kissed. We both stopped ourselves after about three seconds because we knew where it was going...and we both wanted it to happen. I often think about what would’ve happened if we had slept together that night. Part of me thinks we would be married today.  We’re both married with three kids. There’s still that chemistry and also sexual tension at times. Neither of us would ever act on it...and neither of us would ever tell anyone about that kiss.
108	real	I was raped by my ex a long time ago [End Title]: I was raped several times by my ex years ago  I never really faced this until a few months ago and even now I have struggles going to these places in my mind and admitting to myself what happened.   He threatened me (and my family) on several instances and he emotionally and verbally abused me.   If I didn‘t sleep with him, I wouldn‘t love him. If I didn‘t sleep with him, he called me and my family sexist and racist slurs. He had to have sex with me otherwise he gave me the feeling I had no other use for him. He even filmed it eventhough I was a minor.   The first time was particulary hell for me. I told him a week before I was not ready and he guilttripped me so much. That I just can‘t take and take and expect nothing to give back eventhough he gifted me shit I never asked for and told him to stop doing it. He often told me that I and my body belonged to him. I felt like I had no authority over my own body, like was some sort of pet he could abuse.   I told him to stop and that it hurt when he was inserting it but he said he had to do it otherwise he‘d go soft. It hurt so much, I cried. He didn‘t even care nor did he stop.   He told me I shouldn‘t be scared or worried because there was blood and that it‘s normal for the first time. There was so much blood. I didn‘t even really process anything that happened, I thought all of it was normal at first. I thought it was normal for me to feel empty and guilty and that I made someone else happy but not me. I was used to putting other people‘s happiness before mine.   It just got worse from there, he wanted to guilttrip me into taking the contraception pill so he wouldn‘t have to wear a condom anymore. When I said no, I don‘t feel comfortable with it, he threatened to break up and continued to threaten me. He even threatened my family with violence simply because I was from a strict religious household.   It went on for a year like this, he even had material of me and he knew he could threaten me with it. That fear was one of the reasons why I was afraid to break up. I was afraid of him alot of times.   And I simply supressed it till something similar happened with my second ex a couple years later. After that relationship ended, it triggered so many supressed emotions, I was in a severe depressive episode for more than a year. I almost killed myself.   Since that I‘ve been alone for 4 years now. I can‘t let men touch me anymore, otherwise I get panic attacks. I am ashamed of myself and my body and I‘ve always hated myself but ever since that it just got worse. I hate myself so much, I find myself so disgusting. I feel like no one will ever truly love me and that I‘m inherently unloveable.    I‘ve been im therapy for a few years now but I only spoke about it last month. it was really one of the very few times I truly broke down in front of my therapist. It felt relieving yet crushing for me to have confirmation that it was rape.    I‘ll have another therapy regarding these issues.    However I feel like there has been damage done to me that will never be repaired again. I don‘t trust men anymore. I feel like I‘m vulnerable and I hate that feeling. I hate being the way I am.  I hate feeling vulnerable, feeling like men can treat me however they want, I‘m tired of it. I‘m not a goddamn soulless toy, I‘m a sensitive human being. There‘s only so much I can take.   I hope those who made me feel this way go to hell. I truly wish them the worst that can happen to anyone.   There have been times and there are still times that I want to die because of the consequences. But I will get through it. I have to. I hate my life honestly.
527	real	The Emotional Slap Heard Through Out Town [End Title]: UPDATE: Just wanted to say “thank you” for letting me get this off my chest. Hours have passed and I’m fine now.  Letting it go and moving on in life.   Original Post - I am still emotionally raw from the emotional slap across my face that my 18 year old step-daughter just gave me.  Tonight is her Senior Night for soccer.  She lives with me, her father and my two teenage kids full time.  I am a widow so no dad in the picture for my kids other than my husband and her mother lives more than 4 hours away and entering rehab for the 3rd time in 10 years.  She has NOT been in the picture for the last 10 years, but I have been there every single day for the last 6 years.  Last week the form came home from the school for us to add words of encouragement that would be read aloud at the last home game when we walked the field with her and would receive flowers, etc.  I was so touched that she listed my two children as her siblings along with her two adult sisters.  I was bursting at the seems that she recognized me on “Parents” she listed only my husband and myself.  Apparently she made some edits after she gave it to use to fill out because when it came to “Parents” they announced my husband and myself ALONG WITH HER MOTHER “that unfortunately isn’t able to join us tonight.”  I am the one that drove her to school every day until she got her license.  I am the one that taught her to drive.  I am the one that took her to the DMV to get her driver’s license.  I am the one that threw her a huge Sweet 16 party.  I am the one that convinced my husband to let her date.  I am the one that took her to the doctor to get her on birth control and talked to her about sex.  I am the one that has sat with her for hours to discuss her future, college tours, etc.  I have missed work countless times to drive her to her away games and sit in the rain and cold to watch her play.  I am SO hurt.  Thank you for letting me get this off my chest.
318	real	If you say I can have an opinion let me fucking have one [End Title]: My step dad, always encourages me to come sit outside with family and friends and engage in conversation instead of stay inside. Every time I do, I try and give my opinion that I’m told I can have and every time it’s opposing his he makes me stop taking or gets pissed off. Tonight I tried to have a conversation, it got mildly political and because I can have an opinion only if it’s in line with his he got pissed off and made me stop talking. It’s almost funny how he has a go at young people for being ‘entitled’ and ‘not caring what other people have to say’ yet whilst I listen to his entire bigoted rant only talking when he’s finished, I need to stop because I think different to him. I’m sick of the fkn hypocrisy that he’s so blind to and I can’t fucking wait to leave home. If you want me to come talk with people and tell me to shut up when I start talking then just let me stay inside instead of picking on me for being antisocial. I try to follow you’re twisty ass rules but it ain’t possible so leave me the fuck alone. Sorry if this doesn’t make sense I’m pissed off and not reading this back, sincerely an angry teen
495	real	[Update] My [M] ex-girlfriend's first language was not English. I did not have the heart to correct her during sex. [End Title]: Original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/eeeh56/my\_m\_exgirlfriends\_first\_language\_was\_not\_english/](https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/eeeh56/my_m_exgirlfriends_first_language_was_not_english/)  Was not expecting to post an update to this, but apparently the ex-gf saw this post and texted me, and also gave me permission to post an update. (We broke up on very good terms: we both graduated, got jobs in very different places, and mutually decided we didn't want to do long distance.)  She told me that she knew her English wasn't always the most accurate, and she appreciated that I never tried to call her out on it during sex. Like some of you already commented: Obviously nobody's brain is operating at 100% while in the middle of sex, so she liked the fact that she could just scream whatever was in her mind without feeling like grammar was an issue!  So Chinese is my second language -- I can use it in typical conversation, but my vocab is not great. She also wanted to point out that I used to occasionally tell her that I wanted to fuck doggy style in Chinese -- apparently that sometimes came out as something unfortunately different... but she knew what I meant and didn't say anything!
825	real	I sent my exes lingerie pics to her father [End Title]: I’ve been depressed and diagnosed bipolar since i was 15. I don’t know what it was but after hitting high school it hit me like a brick. I went from being a straight A student to dropping out multiple times and going until my junior year with ZERO credits. I lost all of my friends and opportunities   Mostly just laying in bed all day every day. i couldn’t control it i just didn’t care about living or anything.. Fought with parent over it for years. Even went to juvie for missing too much school. Went on probation and they got me help and things actually got better. My junior year i got off it, i was  on medication for my depression, had a therapist, did good in school, had a great job and i found a girl that i started a long term relationship with.   I had basically restored every aspect of my life i thought i had lost. i had my friends back and new ones to boot. i was going out, living like a high schooler should. the girl i’ll just call M for the sake of the story, had gone to school with me for 5 years but we had never met. from the second i saw her i immediately knew i liked her and we quickly found ourselves in a relationship. too quickly. but we were kids. and this girl was a literal mirror of me. we were the same person. the same hobbies,goals,interest down to the fine print. i told her at the start the problems i had faced before meeting her and she didn’t mind.  she just accepted i was in a better place now. after a month of dating i left her for no real reason and she was already attached. i want to say i didn’t purposely mislead her. i just don’t think at this point i realized feelings of love or wanting a long term relationship.  She practically begged me to stay.  she told me how she had never met someone like me, wanted to stay friends even if it meant just fwb because it was the closest she could get to being with me. and i was a DICK early on in our time together. One night after i had broken up with her i invited her over and all we did was argue and i kicked her out in the middle of the night and told her to walk home which was a mile and a half away.   instead of going home she stormed out of my house and started walking around town upset about what happened, long story short was picked up by some men and they tried to basically kidnap her. She jumped out of a moving car, when they went back and beat her up and left her there.   Her family had to go pick her up at 5:30 am in another town from a random house. and i know it’s not MY fault for what happened but still... who wouldn’t feel guilt..   we never talked about this after she told me what happened. we stayed talking. i realized how much i actually liked this girl. i was young and thought getting into a relationship was a waste of time when i had met her. i wanted to “play the field”. after a couple months of talking with her and actually learning each other properly i invited her out to a date and we got back together not long after.   we stayed together for a long time and it was good. like no complaints at all. we grew up with each other. i graduated and we spent most our time together and i fell in love with her. I don’t know when the switch happened but at some point she started to display the opposite of everything i just typed. I went to cali at one point for a few weeks towards the end and for the first half she didn’t even text me back... she just went mia. which isn’t completely not normal because she didn’t even have a phone. she needed wifi just to text me but still. after over a year she had never done that before. and just the way she would talk to me felt different.   it felt like she had a “well if that’s how it is why don’t we break up?” attitude. when i got back we started hanging out less because i had stopped taking my medication and was honestly depressed. we would argue a lot. the only thing we could get along over was sex and it’s probably the only thing that kept us in a relationship at that point.   one day at the gym together she started bawling her eyes out suddenly. she wouldn’t tell me what’s wrong because it was “unfair”. i kept pushing and she basically told me she missed her old best friend. a guy she talked to and sat next to back in school.   the reason she thought it was unfair to miss him was because she didn’t like me having close friends that were girls. But she felt the same about having guy friends. i didn’t have a problem with this up until now because she only really cared about girls i had talked to romantically in the past.   this was a massive red flag to me and i didn’t know how to feel. this was my girlfriend in my arms crying about another man? a friend? i couldn’t help and still do think she had feelings for him. just the few things she had said over time made me feel uncomfortable.   i don’t think she cheated, i don’t even think the feelings she may have had were mutual. but it hurt me. even if it just overthinking it. so a few months after that incident we broke up. for literally no reason but because i was in a bad mood and we both agreed we need time apart. i wanted a break she wanted complete separation, on new years of 2020 actually.. and from the day we broke up until march 2020 i didn’t hear a single word from her. she completely cut me off, all contact. not a word.   i felt like i was going crazy in this period i felt like i had to do anything to get any sort of interaction with her. its crazy how the tables turned...  i tried going to her house, she didn’t open the door but was home. i tried texting her brother. he just said she didn’t want to talk to him. had my friend who comes in contact  with her bring me up and she shut it down immediately without a word. and in a moment of desperation i did what i regret most in my entire life. a cruel, unforgivable, unwarranted act. i sent her fathers number a picture she had sent me of her in a bra. it had a birthmark on her stomach i knew he would recognize.   i didn’t even wait for a reply i blocked his number, sent her a ss of this to a number i suspected she used. she replied the next morning for the first time in months claiming i was dead to her and that she fucking hated me.   I don’t know why i did this. i can’t stand it. i’m a piece of fucking garbage. there’s no coming back from that, no way to atone for it. someone that can do that to another person, a person they loved, a person they put above themselves,is no better than trash. i am trash.    but just to continue the story, after doing this and trying to justify to myself it was to “force myself to move on”, big surprise i still had feelings and yearned for her. but what could i do.. nothing.   except one day months later, i’m still missing her. i remember that i have her spotify password and decide to log in. while she’s listening to music... she quickly noticed, sent me a rant saying she will never forgive me, that i blackmailed her and that i should have been patient and she would have came back. that i was acting like a stalker and that she wanted to never have anything to do with me again.   that’s the last time we spoke it’s been over a year since that incident and i still miss her everyday. it’s almost been as long that we’ve been apart as we were together. i know she hates me but i can’t help but only remember the good things.   she doesn’t want anything to do with me and i won’t intrude on that, i already did wayyy too much that was fucking weirdo activity . i loved her and i respect what’s best for her and what she wants.   but in the meantime of all this i relapsed into my past. i’m a depressed piece of shit again. i don’t do much but waste away, day after day contributing nothing meaningful. hopping from job to job, barely making enough to have a house over my head. getting drunk and high every weekend with “friends”.   one of these days i’ll kill my self and just hope i get another chance to do everything right in our next life. m if you still believe in reincarnation i’ll meet you at our spot. next time we’ll get it right   “even if you forget me and everything you left behind i never lied i love you in a space where there’s no space and time”
166	real	But I can’t tell you... [End Title]: This is a bit of a story so I apologize.   My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 3 years. In those 3 years my parents have never once accepted him. However, he has met other family who actually like and appreciate him and the relationship we have. Heck, even his parents are supportive.   Why would my parents not be? There’s a 12 year age gap between the two of us. When we met we were both consenting adults and now live together and are incredibly happy.   I recently found out that my parents were visiting with my family who have met him before and they were saying the worst things like: “they live in a shitty apartment that’s from the 70’s and there’s this ugly couch and really awful green shag carpet” or my step father calling my boyfriend a “pedophile”.   My mom called me yesterday and she said she was upset to not be going and seeing my family this weekend with me. I was upset too, until I found out the things they said about my boyfriend. Now, I’m just angry and don’t want to even see her this weekend.   I can’t tell him because it would ruin him. We have been trying so hard just to get my parents to back off and just accept the relationship and for once I thought we were getting to that point! But now I realize it was just a ruse and it’ll never be that way. I’m also not breaking up with him anytime soon so I guess we will just see what happens. I want to tell him so we can share in the pain of this but I also know that it would be devastating. So, I’m posting here.   Tl;dr - my parents went behind my back and said things about my relationship and I tried advocating for my mom before finding out. Now, I want to tell my SO what happened but know it’ll be bad if he were to find out.
377	real	I swear I saw Charlie Sheen at my job [End Title]: Nobody fucking believes me, my friends, coworkers, even my DAD **all** say I must be mistaken but NO. I SAW HIM.  He was at our to-go order counter, I came out and asked him if anyone had helped him and if he's paid yet and he said "What? Yeah, I just want my food." Looking back he even sounded like him  He was a bit shorter than me, matching Charlie's height and had all the same facial characteristics.  I don't care what anyone tells me I fucking saw him.
422	fake	oooh fuck nooou [End Title]: i pooped on da bed nehehfdslknn ilkc,nr ouínvbho
907	real	Missing The Daily Stuff [End Title]: It’s time for my nightly cry. I bring up great memories and friends only to be haunted by them. Everything is bittersweet. These happy moments have passed and will never be replaced or happen again. I latch on to every little thing that made my life so wonderful. The little things and the big things are all from another life. I died and I’m in hell now.  Holding hands. Walking each other to class in HS. Hanging out with friends we no longer see. Both getting great scholarships to our favorite school. Hanging out and eating together as much as possible. Taking surprise engagement photos! Planning the wedding. Driving home from the wedding with little visibility due to her brothers and my groomsmen making the car dirty. Picking out the house and the furniture and painting.  Married life. Getting comfortable with sex. Cooking new foods. Learning how to be thrifty with groceries. Riding together everywhere. Playing video games. Hanging out with her brother. Yearly vacations for our anniversary.  I’ve got to stop here. Going further is too hard. That’s when the memories start getting dark. Addiction, stress, arrest, unemployment, cheating, and breaking her life.  This was all I ever wanted. To be able to live with her and have kids. We did it! I ruined it all. She’s moved on and is relieved. Her future is wide open and bright. I don’t have that assurance. I can’t remarry. I’m stuck crying every night because I know it’s over but I don’t have anything to live for. My day-to-day life is a joke. I just want it all to come back. I’m so sorry I hurt her. Im much better now. Her trust will not heal. My actions have permanent consequences for us both.  I never imagined living life without her and without my daughters. I don’t have a career or anything like that to distract me. I flounder each day trying to get a job because that’s what I’m supposed to do. In all honesty though? I don’t know what I’m doing and I really don’t give a fuck. A life without my family isn’t one I want to continue. I’m not sure how to live on anymore. I’m miserable every day and without her and my daughters, there is no chance I’ll ever be content.   It hurts me so bad that I’m stuck here without anything I spent the last decade planning my life around. It hurts me that she’s fully moved on. It breaks my heart. Half a lifetime of companionship was taken out by a couple of painful years. She’s let them go. I can’t. There’s nothing out here for me now. I deserve this fate. This pain. I put her through hell.   I can continue to white knuckle through each day fighting addiction and depression. But when I stop, ask myself: “Why?” If I was to die now that would be quite alright with me. Maybe one day I can be so lucky or courageous or desperate or whatever the hell can put me out of this misery.
195	real	i feel a little bit better [End Title]: i decided to ditch my phone &amp; walk over to my dads house. it’s cold &amp; crisp out.  there’s a million stars dancing in the sky. my chest was heavy.   i entered the back door &amp; removed my rain boots (due to lack of finding my winter boots) &amp; the warmth of the house instantly engulfed me.   my dad heated up some fancy bread (descriptive, i know) &amp; gave me a glass of water. i instantly started venting, which amounted into tears, which then became incoherent sobs, but nonetheless i got it off my chest &amp; he listened.   to cheer me up, we watched an episode of friends. i then ventured to find my sister &amp; i snuggled with her while we watched goofy videos.   begrudgingly, i slipped back on my rain boots, wrapped my sweatshirt closer to my body, &amp; started the short trek back home.   the same air still crisp &amp; cool, the same stars still scattered in the sky, beaming down at me, but this time it felt a little lighter.   then i remembered my candle was still lit &amp; i was filled with pure panic.  (all is well, the house did not burn down)
924	real	Strange worry [End Title]: As I come closer and closer to the end of my life (I’m thinking about taking my life either in April or May) I find myself worrying about strange things.   Who I’m going to hold as I die (I want to get a stuffed animal I can hold so I technically won’t be dying alone), and what songs/music I’m going to listen to as I die.  I know it seems strange to worry about those things, but I just can’t help and think about it.   I want to die while listening to music so I won’t hear myself cry. However, I’m unsure if I should listen to my favourite song on repeat, or if I should listen to the soundtrack of The Last of Us (both games and the DLC).   The soundtrack of The Last of Us always makes me feel peaceful, so I might go with that.   Sorry I’m rambling, my head is a mess.
948	real	Mom said I LOVE YOU [End Title]: So i am quarantined in a hotel right now for my job and im watching Tom Segura's Netflix special "Ball Hog" and it's the first the i've been away from my parents since the lockdown on March 8. Mom DM me a few minutes ago asking me what i ate and that she love me and all of an sudden a overwelming sadness just hit me and im crying like a bitch on my room right now. WTF is wrong with me.
654	real	People enjoying things makes my blood boil because I can't enjoy anything [End Title]:    I haven't been able to experience joy or pleasure for so long. It pisses me the fuck off when I see people enjoying shit while I can't. The thing that gets me the most is how normal people are able to enjoy the most basic of shit. See a pic of a cat for the 12352346th time? "Wow that's so cute, it made my day".  Fandom pisses me of because I can't achieve an emotional connection with characters in any content and here are these fucks who can derive more pleasure from a single goddamn episode than I did when I got my masters degree.  I also can't experience profundity, fulfillment or any sort of revelation. This might be even worse, it makes life so fucking flat and dull. Read a literary work that millions of people derived something of depth from? Nope, like staring at a wall. Listen to a insightful speaker discussing an aspect of life that I'd never even considered? Well I didn't think of it that way but it is obvious now that I've heard it so big fucking deal.  Fulfillment is like something from another fucking planet. It doesn't matter what I accomplish, how impressive it is to anyone else or what objective benefits I derive from it, it feels like NOTHING. I've been putting in 2 hours per day to learn an very difficult (for me anyways) language and I have no fucking reason to be doing it. I just heard a song that sounded nice and thought I might as well give it a go since I have literally nothing I enjoy in my life. Maybe this will finally be something I can derive accomplishment from? I mean where is progress more evident than in language learning? Nope, fuck all. Sunk cost fallacy in full effect is the only thing keeping me doing this shit and knowing I have nothing else I could be doing that would be any more enjoyable.  Why did I have to draw this short fucking stick? When I try to explain my experience to anyone in real life I tell them to imagine something they really enjoy doing, imagine whatever positive feelings and feedback you get from that activity. Now imagine instead of being able to experience that, it feels the same as staring at a blank fucking wall. Then they just look at me blankly, give me some useless fucking platitude and that's it. I guess I can feel something after all considering how full of vitriol and anger this post is.
870	real	I finally gave up on him [End Title]: It's been 4 months after we broke up, I have tried non-stop to build this friendship of ours back, but you keep kicking it back down.   It hurts you know, it fucking hurts alot.  You're in my dreams, in every dream you hurt me, in every dreAm I relive the awful moments.   In my dreams I see you shooting my family and I. I saw you as s brother in those dreams, and in real life. But just as in my dreams, you hurt me so badly.  I don't hold those against you, I don't. I can't. I never will.   What I do hold against you, however, is when I told you that my friend had just killed her self, and you didn't ask if I was okay, you didn't ask how I was holding up. You said "that sucks" and asked if we would ever be back together.   It broke me. I realized what you truly were and I realized how horrible our relationship was.    I hate you so fucking much. Originallly I loved you, I thought we could be friends after you destroyed my sense of being.   I thought you would get it through your tiny little fucking mind that we can be friends if you stop asking for me to come back to your filthy arms.   You made everything worse. You screamed St me when I told you I can't tell you something private.  You used my own fears against me to get me to agree with you.   Youforced me to go to church when itold you how uncomfortable it made me.   If I didn't fucking want to suck your dick you'd mope around and sct all big and sad until finally I fucking gave in. You didn't even ask then if "I was sure" you instantly let me.   You complained about having to let me go home when you didn't cum, how about me??  You never even tried . Never. I was your fucking slave because I was too gentle hearted to say no.   Is that just your fault? No. It's also mine. I should have grown a pair.   Every time I told you what I was feeling, you'd blame jt in your medical issues.  "I'm crying because you used my fear that triggers my PTSD  against me and now in having flashbacks of my father's abusive anticis and attempted Suicide."  "I'm so sorry it's just I have Autism and I don't know what's wrong from right."   Maybe that is a credible excuse. Maybe. Fucking. Maybe. But I highly doubt that, your fucking 16. You should know that when your making someone cry, you should stop!   When I told you eight months ago, that I wanted you to stop treating me like a helpless dog, which I did this in private, you agreed to stop. But 2 months later you still were. So I told you in front of your friends   You still didn't stop. Even after we broke up you still treated me like a helpless baby animal. I'm fucking 16 to, dumbass, I know what I want and I know if I want to do anything you fucking assholes.   I don't want you to hold the door open for me 24/7 or hold my fucking umbrella or pick something up for me when I drop it. You know what I want you to do? Let me be my own person.   Then I found someone  who makes me feel happy, even when we weren't dating.   You were fine with us just being friends, you were.    But then you found out that we began to date. And suddenly you started telling me all these lies about him. How he's abusive, manipulating, how he'll hurt me?   Where did you get this information? From his ex, who hated him because he told her the truth, that he didn't love her anymore.   You know, ____, you make me so angry. But at the end of the date I don't hate you, at the end of the day I see you as s person. At the end of the day I go to sleep to the thought of -------, and that makes me forget all my bad feelings.   He helps me,  my counselor told me that mine and his relationship is much more healthier then ours ever was. She told me that he makes me emotionally stable, unlike you.   Which is fucking hard to do, you should know, you know what goes on in my head better then anyone. You know what I say to myself ib there you know what I think you know how ithink and what I do to myself.   But with him? I don't think that stuff anymore. In calm, in fucking in serenity. With you I never had that peace. I never had that feeling of security.   Maybe it was the forcefully pushing me to go to church every Wednesday, Sunday morning and night, or maybe it was the idea that I was like a reverse house wife, you do everything for me and I don't get to do anything for myself.   Maybe it was the fact that you never realize how serious I was when I said that you hurt me. Maybe it was the fact that I felt pressured into tons of sexual things for you. Maybe it was the fact that we weren't clicking.   I don't know what it was, but I never felt peace.   I don't hate you, yet. But I never will love eyou again.   I hope you never find this, but I also hope you do. I want you to know how I feel without you ever having to hear it from my lips. Just for that extra sting.   Goodbye.
781	real	I'm getting Pfizer in few hours and I'm scared a bit. [End Title]: I'm getting my first shot today. (QLD, Australia).       I have a little scar tissue in my heart due to myocarditis I had a few years ago.  I'm a little bit scared but hopefully nothing happens.  I'd let the nurses know and see what happens.         Everyone's asking what's the rush, I just want my immune system to be stronger?       Edit/update : it's just a day after, I just have sore arm, at injection site.
539	real	The most infuriating part of my girlfriend is how she pays bills [End Title]: She fucking doesn't. She didn't pay her car payment or wifi payment in December and she almost forgot rent if I didn't harp on her for that. Thank god the car and the wifi is under her social. This is not a first either, I understand that things happen and you can forget once in a while, but it happened in October and November too. We have lived together for four months and she has almost forgotten for those four months. I try to help her and set a schedule or help her set up auto payments, but if she has to talk to someone over the phone or send a fucking email, she won't she just won't. I can't make all payments by myself.
652	real	How would you behave? [End Title]: How would you behave in case you meet a person who has humilliated you in the past? Like, would you say hello pretending that nothing ever happend or what? The person was my mother's friend and she was drunk then so she probaby doesn't remember what she said.   It's not that I'm humiliation prone, it was actually the only situation in my life I felt humiliated. I'm a 26 year old female.
51	real	The lack of male body positivity almost killed me. [End Title]: When I was 10-12ish, I had anorexia to the point where I was almost hospitalized any times. I got bullied for my weight at a sleep away camp, and when I came back home, I starved my self. I would always look at Instagram, where I saw posts about exercises that promised to get a 6, 8, and 10 pack. I saw accounts that showed the “ideal male body,” which were always tall and ripped men. Posts making fun of men under six feet. Posts saying how a man has to make six figures, and a big penis.   After years on the internet, every day I see a form or another people saying that women are perfect, and general body positivity for women. I have only seen a post about male positivity twice in my life, and I was brought to tears both times.   I know women often say that feminism is for men too, but all I have seen feminism do is degrade men and support women. All my life I have worried if I was too short or too fat or not manly enough. I worried that I’d never be rich enough to find a wife and never have a penis large enough to satisfy a woman. I just wish that men received some support too.
321	real	My dad wants me to wear a virginity belt and I’m scared [End Title]: 16(f) and my dads wants me to wear a virginity belt to ensure my virginity and I don’t want to but I’m afraid if I refuse what my parents will think.   My parents have always been super concerned about my v-card but I don’t understand why. It’s not like I’m wild or something. I’m not allowed to bring boys home under any pretenses, I cannot date until college, my parents won’t let me shave my private area even though my mother knows I prefer being hairless and I have sensitive skin (I shave in secret though).   I’m not a flirtatious or sexually promiscuous person, I am a virgin and I’m not interested in dating so I don’t understand why they feel the need to put me on sexual lockdown 24/7! Anyway, my dad wants me to wear a virginity belt and it’s stupid.   My dad even suggesting this to me makes me uncomfortable because I hate it when he’s in my business like that. And I also don’t understand it because if I’m supposed to wear a virginity belt all the time what will I do if I have to pee or I’m on my period?   I don’t know...I don’t want to wear one...
130	real	Self-improvement [End Title]: I turned 18 nearly 5 months ago, graduated from school around the same time. School was a good time in my life, but I always felt like I was just drifting. I got into my 'dream course' or should I say the course that my parent always dreamed of. A double degree in business and science that's making my life hell RN. But tbh I never took the initiative to learn or do things that I had a genuine interest in because I always fell back on the excuse of 'I'm still a kid, I should enjoy this time while I can and just focus on getting to UNI'. So my school years can be broken down into either partying, studying, or gaming.   Now I no longer have that excuse. So I made a plan, segmenting my time so I would have some free time but also get productive things done. But for the past 5 months, all I've done is go back on my plan and return to my old habits. I realize that I keep trying to find excuses in places where there shouldn't be any. I have no excuse for not sticking to my plan because RN I have all the time in the world, UNI studies don't take up that much and straight after I've finished the bare minimum I hop on my pc and game for hours. I'm doing the same thing as I did in school, making sure I get an A so my report card looks nice and indulging my self in distractions like parties or gaming (no parties as of late tho ofc so just gaming). Good grades don't matter to me but they do to my parents and so I spend so much time stressing out about them. Maybe they do matter to me then but I feel like I have to live up to this standard I will never believe in.   I feel like I'm not moving anywhere, I always have these big plans and ambitions but I never take initiative and I see people all around me taking steps and moving forward. And instead of feeling happy for them I feel envy, which makes me mad at myself. I shouldn't feel bad for the success of others. And on top of that, I have the worst feeling of all, regret. Regret that I'll never get those 5 months back. That time in my life is gone. But all I can do now is keep moving forward I guess. I have to look at my life from another perspective, some people would kill to have what I have been given. It makes me sad that I'm wasting potential that other people would turn into meaningful action. I have all the resources necessary to achieve what I want to, so no more excuses. Maybe I'll try not to plan everything out and just do what I need to do in the moment. Maybe I'm just overthinking things IDK but I needed to get this off my chest.
954	real	bein a virgin [End Title]: im 17 never had a gf never kissed anyone and im a virgin. I wouldnt consider myself a loser ethier im fairly popular and i would say im a 7/10 8/10 if u like black guys. should i just chill and wait or am i fucked boys?
268	real	For the first time in a long time I felt like I'm free and living [End Title]: At a cruise ship with my siblings, on of their friend and the other one's partner, and it felt great. I had surprisingly fun time and drank even thiugh I'm not a fan of drinking. We danced and then went on the deck.  There I felt something new and like I wanted to do it again
733	real	Dear mother, I wish you left dad when he was alive so he wouldn’t have to die so soon [End Title]: Your irrational behavior has caused me an immense amount of pain that I’m going to carry for the rest of my life. The pain of losing what I loved the most in this world, my own father.  I don’t hate you mom. I know you were with him during all those times when we were young and he lost his job and our house. And neither side of my grandparents were of much help because they were against this marriage except my maternal grandmother who helped her best she could before she had to fly to London to be with my uncles.  I just wish you two split and found other people to be with if things weren’t going well between you two. It wouldn’t have been the end of the world for me, but now it is. In a way. Since I’ve permanently lost him. Because of all the stress you put him through. Every. Single. Fucking. Day. For 20+ years.  I remember chatting with him every once in a while. Asking if the pressure from work is getting too much. And he’d always say that it’s when things aren’t going well in our home when he stresses out. That work doesn’t bother him one bit.  You’d accuse him falsely of having an affair with his co workers during what felt like every other fucking day. When he was only putting fucking hours at work so that he can bring something home to feed his fucking kids and wife.   You’d punish him as a result by not speaking to him for weeks and months. Screaming. Putting up fights for no fucking reason. Every single fucking day has been hell since I was a child. I don’t remember one single fucking time that we all went on a trip and you didn’t put up a fucking fight with him out of nowhere.  That man spent several sleepless fucking nights wondering why are you the way you are. Why you’d kick him out of the bedroom every other night.  Poor guy comes crying to me this one night and shows me the fucking dick pics from other guys that you were sending him making him feel bad for being weak. Just because you were mad at him over something you didn’t even fucking know.  And one day he tells you that it’s hurting in his chest. That he thinks he needs to go to the doctor. When I bet you must have been casually browsing tiktoks on your phone not giving a flying fuck about him when you told him to just lit a cigar and he will be fine. And moments later you found him fell off of stairs. Laying on his stomach. Screaming your name. During a massive heart attack.  When you got him into the car. Having absolutely no fucking idea where the hospital is because you literally pushed him to move to a fucking village where there was no sign of a fucking hospital anywhere near. Being clueless you keep driving and driving for the next 30 minutes or so and eventually find a hospital with the help of another stranger. But then it was too late. The doctor said he has already died and gave you a paper on which he said “received dead in E.R”. That fucking piece of paper that I cannot put my eyes on without crying fucking oceans.  I begged you on the phone soon as I woke up and found that dad had a heart attack. I begged you to tell me where you are so I can get help there but as always you decided to take the matter in your own fucking hands.  It’s been more than a year. You’ve found a new man. You two seem to be doing pretty well. You seem to be gradually getting over dad. Now you only talk about him once in a while.  Whenever I or my siblings bring him up in a conversation, while having tears in our eyes most of the time. You say “He died while remembering the lord. I saw him in the backseat while driving. And I was telling him to remember the lord. His last words consisted of remembering God. And you should feel proud of him for dying like that”. I want to scream so bad every time you say that. Due to the anger bursts in me. Caused by your fucking stupid behavior.  Why couldn’t you be with someone else when he was fucking alive? Why did you have to only do it after he died? Things clearly weren’t working out for you two. You might have found another husband. But I cannot find another dad like him.
278	real	I once tried to kill a kid who bullied me.... [End Title]: First of all, this story was 8 years ago in which i was 9 years old, i was in 4th grade, there was a kid who always makes fun of me since grade 3, he was in my class for two straight years, in the 3rd grade he comes to school to make fun of me for 6 hours and leave... it has been like that for a whole grade, he tells me if i tell anybody about what he does he will kill me, so i was very scared to tell anybody about the situation, we finish the 3rd grade and i thought it was all over... but he’s in my class in 4th grade too!! And i spent half of the 4th grade getting bullied and spitted on, and then, there was a day where he took me to a flat place that nobody goes to... and there’s only me and him, he pulled my trousers down, but i put them back on and ran away...i was so pissed, i thought of telling my parents but i really was very shy and weak back then... so an awful idea came into my mind, i wanted to kill him... i put a knife in my bag, went to school, saw him, immediately got scared... i was so weak i started sweating even though he didn’t do anything yet, so the teacher came in she started teaching, and all that was on my mind was the knife, surprisingly, he came to me and told me that he was sorry about what happened yesterday (the trousers thing), i told him that it was fine even though i was dying inside... school finishes i go back home put the knife where it was... the next day, there is a football pitch in our neighborhood that he always plays in with his friends, he asked me to join in, and we played for the whole night, and he became my first friend... he moved out and I haven’t seen him for about 5 years, i wish i could go back in time and stand up for myself back then... thanks for reading this whole thing btw! ❤️😬
612	real	I just smoked a cigarette after stopping three months ago [End Title]: I just smoked a cig and I feel like total shit. I was so proud that I kicked the habit and I was doing well, but after a few drinks i just did it.. and I feel so awful. These thoughts are running through my head of what my body is going through right now bc of the smoke .. and I just feel like a failure. Like why do I have the thought of “one won’t hurt” and just depressed immediately afterwards 😔
476	real	I took a plunge into better self-care. I deleted my snapchat app and deleted twitter completely. [End Title]: So, it might sound silly, but I did it. And I'm gonna tell you why.  I low-key hate myself. For a lot of reasons. There's the superficial ones. I hate how much weight I've gained. I hate how I don't do my skin routine, or eat like crap, or don't bother with my hair anymore.   Then there's the deeper stuff. I hate how lazy I am. There's a joke in my group, how I'm snorlax. I hate it. I take in stride but I hate how it makes me feel. It hate it cause it's true. I am lazy. I rather spend all day sleeping.  I'm probably actually just really depressed. I know I have potential. I'm in therapy. Through that, digging through my abusive childhood, I've learned, I'm actually capable of many things. But, after 28 years of doubting myself, I'm not going to change overnight. There's so much I want to do. Get better at exercising, and eating better. Write more, I actually really enjoy writing stories. I have a dream of writing my own book. But I never take the time to sit down and start. I want to write fanfiction. Hell, I just want to play video games again and paint and go wine tasting and hiking.   I spend 8 hours a day on my phone, according to my screen time app.   The majority is on facebook and snapchat.   8 hours a day? That's a whole damn work day. That's not good. I mean, facebook, I'm apart of groups and get involved in debates. But snapchat is just a waste. I sit there and watch stories from people *I don't even know,* I get so upset when I see someone hasn't replied to me, and that someone hasn't watched my story. And I hate how much time it takes.  So in an effort to help myself become a better person, I've taken the first step. I completely deleted twitter. I rarely use that app anyways. But, I deleted the app off my phone off snapchat. Not my account just yet, but, baby steps. I'm going to try for a week. Let's see where this takes me.
196	real	I don’t know how to feel about this new dynamic between my family and I [End Title]: Ok, so this is kinda weird to be posting about but I figured that a bunch of strangers on the internet would be better than literally anyone I know. I’m a teenage girl, and currently my legal guardian is my oldest brother (parents aren’t in the picture). I live with him and my other two brothers, who are slightly closer to me in age, but I’m a freshman and the youngest of them will graduate this year.  The dynamic between us has always been that they (especially the oldest one) are like my parental figures I guess, and my two oldest brothers handled discipline. I didn’t really have a problem with this, in general I don’t get in trouble a lot and when I do I don’t feel as if the consequences are unfair. But recently things have changed- after my fifteenth birthday, my oldest brother told me that I was old enough to take care of my own business, and he wouldn’t be disciplining me anymore- it was up to me to take care of my own consequences.  He said that he would step away from the parental side of our relationship and we could have fun as siblings. I think he believes that this is something I’m happy about, because it took a lot of getting used to when our relationship changed so dramatically, but in reality I was really liking the dynamic and it was kinda nice to know that someone cared enough to make sure I was doing the right thing. He’s still going to be there for me, just less as a guardian and more as a brother.  I don’t know how to tell them that it was nice the way it was before, because I don’t want to stop them from living out their lives (they’re still pretty young, mid-twenties) and maybe they weren’t comfortable with it so this was the perfect way for them to stop. I don’t know.  Basically, I’m not sure what to do- they’re doing the best they can, and I feel bad that I’ve stopped them from living their lives. If I step back and stop needing to be taken care of, it might be better for them, but I don’t know how to feel about it.
178	real	This dog thing now a days is out of control! And i am tired.. [End Title]: English is not my first languge..  To many things iam starting to notice with these people that think that their dog is a kid, its getting to the point were its borderline dangerous! I went on vacationes to a nice island named isla colon in Panama,Bocas del toro with my 2 year old daughter, my dad (her grampa) and my step mother, every thing was nice, great sea food, beautiful white sand beach etc. My daugher is VERY well behaved and i was so excited and grateful to finally do something with her..she never has been to a pool, a beach, play much with other kids, to a nice park..anything, so when we got their i was so so happy to get out and take her to the beach, while i was laying on the beach, relaxing listen to the waves drinking a piñacolada and my 2 year old like 4 foots away from me playing quietly in the sand with her little toys, a couple (in their 20s)came in their boat with a big fluffy dog, i did not think much about it, in seconds a felt wind whip behind me like a horse running on a track, i did not know what it was at first until this big ass dog jumped over my daughers head, threw sand in our faces, i was luck my 2year old was fast enough to kind of get out of the was just in time and run next to me! I looked at the couple and they looked at me they did not say or do anything..the dog kept running around us throwing sand at us, they did nothing..i could not belive it..what would have happend if the dog hurted my daughter? They did not seem to care at all! My daughter could not even play in the sand anymore, and the couple gave me that look like: mY doG iS mY cHiLD and seemed mad at ME!! For looking at them with a mad face! They left cuddling their dog like a baby and looked mad at me while mumbling something and left to the other side of the beach..(the beach was empty only them and us and 2 other people). The next day i went to another beach..while walking their a dog came running up to my 2 year old daughter🙄my godness, sniffing,barking,licking she paniked! The owner smiling called it back. Came back home, took my daughter to the park..guess what? Pitbull loose all over the kid slides saw us and came runnig! This time i was scared too!! luckyly the dog was just playing,but this could of ended soo bad! If it was violent it could of killed my daughter..this has happend before pitbulls killing toddlers...  To end this i am going to get this off my chest cuz i am pissed!! Dont care if downvoted!!!  Your dog IS NOT a child, is not a baby!!! Dog owners i dont want your dog next to my kid !!!even if its" nice". Its a DOG an ANIMAL with teeth that can kill or bite!! When my 2 year old is annoying a 2 year old is not putting anyone in danger!! Its not like that with your PET ANIMAL! Stop putting my offspring  in danger!
326	real	I really don't like being alive anymore [End Title]: Found out that everyone in rpg group hated me, but no one told until it reached critical point and the dm told everything out of blue.  I got angry, panicked and frustrated. Blocked everyone on everything and quited out of the server and the whatsapp group.  I don't have friends anymore, but I guess I didn't had any for a while now. Living is not fun.  Edit: thanks everyone, it really warms my heart every comment and every invite. I won't be taking any, I need some space to think, but I appreciate all of them. Thank you.
201	real	Dear pharmacy customers [End Title]: Stop calling and asking what you need go home and find out what you need before you call and waste my time. Stop coming in to see what you need I don't know. Stop blaming me a tech who just started for why your insurance changed and doesn't cover a medication you've been on forever call them and complain to them. For the love of any God Stop calling and bringing back prescriptions we can't use them again even if the box isn't open if you can't take it lookup a drop box for it idk idc Stop bothering me about it. Don't ask why I need your ID for something you have to get a new prescription for every month you know its a controlled and we have to track those. Don't stare at me when you walk up expecting me to know who you are I don't and I will never remember your names bc I don't care about you Stop taking your medicine like it's candy and go get help I'm tired of counting 360 pain pills bc you can't take over the counter anymore since it's too weak I know you're in pain I am too every day mines untreated and I take ibuprofen maybe I'm tougher idk. Stop yelling at everyone when we can't get a vitamin covered bc you can get 100 of them for 20 bucks so yea the insurance doesn't cover it call them not me. Look at me when you are talking to me through the drive thru bc I can't hear you otherwise and I'm not trying to be rude but if you aren't willing to look at someone helping you, you don't deserve help. Don't push the call button unless you can't see a person if they're looking at you don't touch it we see you it isn't magic it doesn't turn the glass into a two way glass and it doesn't help my headache from the door bell that beeps as you drive slowly around the building. Also unless you have a reason to not get outta the car like a baby, injury, or being old come inside and get whatever you need I'm not your personal shopper.
640	real	Small town [End Title]: Where i am from (US) the only place requiring a mask is walmart. This town recently held huge 4th of July celebrations and a monster truck rally. My teenager is going to school without a mask because it isnt required. I really feel it is inevitable that my family and i will get this aweful virus. Even doctor's offices arent requiring them. Why Havent they put mandates in place? Requirements?
401	real	A fake Story [End Title]: Well I am guy age of 22. I have done one of the worst things in past which I am shame of, and this is the first time where I posting it please don't judge. Well when I was 18 I went to my grad college. I am an AVG looking guy an hence has no gf till date. Well most of friends at that time have atleast one gf and was more experience than me. So in order to match the social compatibility I tell them a lie story that I have dated one of hot girls in school. The story does not hot over here and in order to get attention I commit something very wrong. I just narrated them a wrong story telling about a girl totally non existent and tell them about our fake love story. And one day I somehow told them she died because of cancer and blah blah blah. These friends believe me as they always think that I speak truth. Till now they believe this story to be true.   However no one talks about it but yeah I feel very uncomfortable of knowing what I have done. This whole incident is something worse I can imagine.
960	real	The word “updoot” needs to be prohibited on reddit [End Title]: I fucking hate when people say “Here, have a updoot!”   You could simply upvote the post if you agree with it, and adding the word “updoot” is some weird way of being quirky on reddit that makes people uncomfortable.
291	real	This quarantine is actually the happiest I’ve been in at least two years [End Title]: I feel bad for feeling so happy at a time with so much tragedy in the world but I honestly haven’t felt so happy and stress-free in a long time. This is the longest period of time I’ve gotten to spend with my partner since last summer (we are long distance during the school year) and it has been amazing. I’ve been cooking more rather than eating out which has forced me to eat healthier and spend less money. And it has forced me to take a break from school (second year master’s) which has been a huge source of anxiety for way too many reasons to get into. I feel like I shouldn’t be happy about the quarantine since it has negatively affected so many others but it has been really good for me mentally.
757	real	Video Games [End Title]: Was wondering if all men play video games. Like what percentage of most men play some sort of online video game. Sorry if this doesn't go on here. Tried somewhere else. But I'm new to this. So I hope I didn't mess up again. By posting in wrong place. Sorry if I did.
648	real	I can’t afford a hobby, and I hate it. [End Title]: Basically, where I live is such a high cost of living that I literally work 6-7 days a week leaving little time to have a hobby and the money I’m making is all going to bills. I love living in my city and what I do for work would be considered a good, well payed job anywhere else but it doesn’t do it here. I want to pick up archery and get my motorcycle license and new rollerblades this summer... I also need new snowboard gear as mines pushing 10 years old but I can’t afford it and it makes me really sad.
452	real	Autistic/Aspergers Roommate Vent [End Title]: I want to start off by saying:  I absolutely love my roommate. I would do anything for him.  I know he is a loyal friend to me.   And generally I am able to deal with his Autistic/Aspergers Syndrome.  He can be unemotional, cold, “efficient.”  He has hated all of his prior roommates (I’ve known him since before I moved in), and generally they did unconscious things that he fixated on and hated them because  He has the exact same schedule.  Every day he does the same thing.  He wakes up, showers, eats the same food, etc.  I know it’s a part of who he is as a person.  He uses the same stores, the same everything.!!  He showers at the exact same time every day, and if anything’s throws as wrench in his schedule, he melts down.  As I said, I go above and beyond to keep him happy and to keep him “sane”, but sometimes it gets under my skin and I have to walk away.  Tonight we were on the couch.  He was reading a men’s magazine while I was watching something on Netflix.  I heard him open one of those cologne ads. He sniffed it then turned the page.  I made a joke that him ripping the page sounded like me eating my peppers for dinner. Then I asked “Which cologne was that?”  He says “Some cologne”. I pause for a moment assuming he’d go back to it.  It was literally one or two pages away.  When I asked again he responded - in a very cold and dismissive tone - “I’ll tell you when I’m done with the magazine.”  So I just shook my head and walked out of the room.   It would literally take less than half a second to turn the page back and tell me what cologne he has sniffed.  I only wanted to know the name of the cologne!  I love him to death, but his quirks and idiosyncrasies sometimes drive me up the wall sometime.  I love him, but I wish he appreciated what I have done to keep him from blowing up.  So may more stories, but night just made me angry.
79	real	I got an interview date for a master program! [End Title]: I have been through a lot ... overcoming domestic violence, being homeless, and having an abusive and enmeshed family. After 5 years of undergrad I finally applied to a master’s program.  1 month later I got an interview! I told my family but they just replied “oh”. However I would like to share with you all because I think this is one of the happiest days of my life... I get a chance to make a difference in my life.  I would finally be able to move away, save money, and break free from my past! Wow I’m so happy
455	real	I want my boobs back [End Title]: Ten months of breastfeeding, two months hes had teeth. I cant wait till I can get him to stop wanting the boob. I do live feeding him just not the biting and whiplash.
193	real	The UK keeps being flooded [End Title]: But we still wanna sit and deny that global warming exists.  We've had the shortest snowy weather where I live in the north for the past how many years now. And snow doesn't happen until March/April.   But we still wanna deny that it's strain on this planet doing that and shifting that sort of weather to spring.  There's barely any ice caps anymore but we wanna ignore that. Animals are becoming extinct or rushing to find a new home and we wanna deny that.   The list of signs we're causing damage to the planet is obvious, but we still wonder why flood defences in the north of the UK aren't working. When I was a kid my little town wasn't knee deep or even worse in water. The last time it was was in the 60s. Now it's done it almost every year since 2015. In 5 years the town has had so much damage to businesses and homes.  The countryside is flooding frequently.  How long is it gonna take for us to get our heads out of our backsides and realise that we are essentially screwed if we don't do something. It costs thousands and millions to build flood defence.
885	fake	I did a horrible thing [End Title]: #A ##Rum dum dum dumn #A ##Rum dum dum dumn #A ##Rum dum dum dumn #A ##Rum dum dum dumn
658	real	I’m 0.3 seconds away from leaving my job [End Title]: No hazard pay. Customers aren’t required to wear masks and they don’t follow social distancing guidelines / won’t listen to me when I ask to stay 6 feet away from me. We got a 10% bonus! But that’s still not enough. I feel sick right now, have pressure on my lungs.  I have to work tomorrow, but I don’t want to. $10 an hour is not worth it.
535	real	It’s 4am and my alarm is set to 550am [End Title]: Yea I’m fucked, maybe, I just hate doing this kind of work on no sleep. Oh well.  Anyway, I’m googling stuff and think I have a thing with my sleep, and that lead me to a Reddit post about someone who has a roommate who complains that she was making food at 2am, and all the comments were calling her the asshole, and I’m like wtf.  In her post she says her roommate is loud in the kitchen too when she sleeps, but since she works a 9-5 she’s justified. Like come on.  So if I get off work at midnight, I’m not allowed to eat or do anything after work? Yea right.   Seriously I don’t get that entitlement. My sleep schedules fucked, if I’m sleeping and it’s noon, and people are being loud outside my door, I’m not going to have a fucking whole ass talk, to let them know the need to keep it down while I’m sleeping.   But her roommate must be a princess because she seems to find it outrages, as do a lot of the commenters.   Bye
63	real	I wish I could stop caring so much about societal problems. [End Title]: I've recently realized that unfortunately, I'm a bleeding heart. I say unfortunately because it is ruining my worldview.  I feel like there is so much wrong with the world. From poverty, racism, sexism, etc. When you read these words, you may not feel much. But when you read stories about a poor mother of 2 working 3 jobs to barely make ends meet, the school-to-prison pipeline, police brutality, environment concerns, the way sexual abusers are allowed to thrive without much impunity, it is so, so disheartening--because there are just so many world issues, it makes my head spin. It breaks my heart that there is so much violence in the world, or the fact that so many people all over the world are starving to death as I'm typing this, and not even because of lack of food on the planet.    There's just so much that's wrong. And I know there's nothing I can do to fix it. I can volunteer at as many food shelters as I can, or donate my entire bank account to a charity, but I know in the grand scheme of things I barely made a dent in all the fucked up stuff that happens in the world.  I can't even depend on the government to protect my interests as a citizen if there isn't money to be made behind it. I can't change anything. The entire system is just fucked. I feel really useless and powerless, because I just want everyone in the world to live meaningful, prosperous lives, but I know it will never happen. People will always suffer. Because humans are selfish and self-preserving. But maybe that's the only way to really be happy. To pretend that everything is okay in life as long as you and the people you care about are okay.
43	fake	Five dollar went gone. [End Title]: Five Five dollar, five dollar went gone (subway theme)  Back in high school this guy was really picking on me. A five dollar bill was sticking out of his pocket. They were selling spicy chicken sandwiches that day and nothing goes better on a spicy chicken sandwich than some flamin hot cheetos. I also had an after taste im n my mouth, it was the taste of revenge...
304	real	Assisted suicide is a human right [End Title]: If we have the right to live, we, too, should have the right to die (on our own terms). Assisted suicide is a human right and it should be legal in all countries. Plus, it would benefit the environment because there would be less people.
853	real	Why are some conservative capitalists against some forms of capitalism. [End Title]: It really annoys me when conservatives get annoyed at people for making money in the open market because its against their beliefs even though they are just using what's at their disposal ie. Only fans. Also why do they get angry when I private company such as Facebook or Twitter censors things even though they are private companies so can do what they want, they are not obliged to allow free speech. They are platforms not the government.
840	real	someone i really like confessed to me [End Title]: just now. i don’t know if i’m ready to date but i know i like them a lot. wish me luck, i think they like me too considering they just asked me out— help
359	real	My dog passed away last Sunday. I had a dream about her last night. [End Title]: My dog passed away last Sunday. I had a dream about her last night and I’m still very sad.  In my dream, I had left my dog at the vets office to be put down, but the vet ended up keeping her and treating her and then returning her to my home. I was overjoyed because I thought that my dog was gone, but the vet explained that he was able to cure her of all of her seizures and that she would be OK now. I was overjoyed, only to wake up and realize that wasn’t my reality. I miss my dog so much :( she was my only friend.
84	real	My family think I'm funny. [End Title]: I'm suicidal and I've hated myself for as long as I can remember. It probably started in primary school as I was always the outcast who everyone bullied. In college I actually managed to be friends with most people and learn to be funny, but I can't shake the feeling of everyone hating me. Even though they said they wouldn't go somewhere without me because it wouldn't be the same without the whole squad.   Today some of my family came over. Three cousins, an aunt and uncle and a grandma. I also live with my parents and brother. I make jokes. People find me funny. My youngest cousins (two twin girls, 11) especially. My ex used to tell me I'll be a good father one day because of how good I am with kids.   All of this while I still want to kill myself every day. Despite being loved and cared about, I still set myself a suicide deadline. I still believe I'll never achieve anything and thoughts of everyone hating me still come into my mind every moment of every day. I still believe I'll never have a happy future.
929	real	Probably not too far from the breaking point [End Title]: Honestly by this point I'm just kinda tired of trying.  I'm not exactly thinking of suicide, mainly because from past experience I can't even get that right but I'm just at the point where I don't quite get why everyone keeps going and struggling to get motivated to anything beyond finding a hole and rotting in it.  At 24 I've got no partner, or any prospects in that area, I've been unemployed for the majority of my adult life (despite making every effort to apply for as many positions as i can), I'm tens of thousands of dollars in debt; partly from poor life choices (something I seem to continually do) and partly due to family situations and needing to borrow money to help my family stay afloat.  Every relationship I've ever been in has crashed and burned, some were just me choosing someone that isn't good for me, but I've also been at fault too, my last one I destroyed simply because of my own insecurities and anxiousness, like, I just want someone to love me, but how can I expect that when I can't even look at myself in a mirror without physically feeling sick?  I have one friend, the only person who sees me with any form of frequency and as of late it feels like even that is a struggle for them, I feel like a burden and take them away from spending time with people they actually enjoy.  I barely get along with my family, despite knowing that family is precious after losing my mum at 17 in what can only be described as a nightmare situation where we only found out she had cancer 11 days before she died.  I disappointed my mum also, because the last thing she said to me was "don't let what happened to me stop you from doing what you have to do".  I promptly fell apart, put on 40kgs and dropped out of year 12 and stopped looking after myself properly.  Nothing that makes me happy has brought me a spark of joy in the last 6-7 years of my life, gaming doesn't help, music doesnt help, cars and motorbikes don't excite me anymore, exercise doesn't make me happy anymore, even when i manage to do something physical without ending up in pain from a mix of things between sciatic pain, the fact that i'm fat af or other injuries.  I've burned so many bridges and I think I've become so recessed from people that I've become somewhat caustic and anyone I don't scare away with that part tends to run when they realise the level of damaged I am.  I honestly don't see a way out of where I am, it seems like an unclimable mountain and my ineptness doesn't even make suicide an option considering I couldn't even succeed with a firearm.  I don't really care if/want this to get notes, I just wanted to be able to write it out instead of internalising it, at least that way its not just me who knows it.
282	fake	In love with Sasha Grey [End Title]: When I watch porn with my boyfriend, I only want Sasha, might be cause she's the only one I like enough to not be jealous. I follow her on all social media and read her books. She is my perfect woman her charisma realness intelligence and fuck what anyone rhinks of her attitude..is intoxicating. Her eyes are entrancingly inviting and she's fucking gorgeous to me.
810	real	love stuff? idk [End Title]: Hi so I keep having dreams about these two I believed I loved at one point. I did some fucked up shit and wanted both. (Not How It Works Here) I keep having dreams about them and Im still in contact with one, my ex of many years. I dont think I love them but I dont know what that means. I hurt them and I keep having dreams about them telling me I did and today I had one so vivid it took me aback . Karma, something just coming back around and punishing me I bet and I deserve it. It hurts to know I hurt but I really did not want to bur I'm dumb and manipulative? controlling? I just wanted everyone to be happy without fucking anything up. (Not How It Works!)  I still talk to ex and it seems like they like to and I feel terrible because I hurt them by being selfish. So I feel all guilty during our convos . Basically how do I let shit go its been a year. I know Im a huge jerk but these thoughts just sit in my brain all day and its hard to just Be Me . I feel like an evil person. Anyway thanks for listening guys
921	real	my crush is incapable of loving me back and a lot if other stuff sucks rn [End Title]: So I’m a bi girl, and ive had a crush on this girl for years. she told me she was bicurious so i had a lot of hope! especially since shes been kinda flirting with me and i fit her type. however, today she told me shes probably straight and i just felt me heart break. she’s already broke it once before when she found out i like her,but i really thought things might so well this time and that all the stars were aligning but it didn’t. and we’re close friends so its not like i could just cut her off but it hurts ti think of her now. plus, all the fun school events that would normally happen my year have gotten canceled for good bc of covid, zero hope.  Disneylnd trip, possibly graduation, etc. also im terrified of dogs but i have to live w/ 2 of them everyone else in my family loves dogs and its be selfish of me to say “can we get rid of our new dog?” and cruel to the dof(im fine with the oldest mostly but my new dog scares me a LOT). i have a huge test coming up and i’ve been stuck on online school.. just feels like everything got so much worse in 24 hours.
152	real	i feel like i’m fighting a losing battle [End Title]:   This may be long, on mobile so errors.     my mom used to be one of the average moms, nice caring and with a kind understanding and patience, back until i became about 11 or 12 years old.  She now pains me everyday nonstop everyday every word she says is derogatory or said with spite, she does irrational things and can’t make a good joke and can’t take a joke either, disputed always calling herself hilarious, she has become religious, which i don’t mind except she drags us all into her own “hobby” and forced us to do whatever she wants with threat of punishment. arguments are a joke. even having a conversation with her lead to her yelling at you and asking you to stop yelling at her if you respond or defend yourself. if she has lost the argument and has no response she yells “get thee behind me satan” like a lunatic until she gets you to shut up, she has taken my wifi away ( on mobile with cellular plan) and has taken every form of internet from my brother, phone ipad (for school) and wifi privilege over a group chat name. i have started to ponder anyway out of this house i’m trapped in for quarantine, she only gets worse as the days go on, and insists that we socialize with her constantly even though anytime we do we are punished for making a mildly inappropriate (to her) joke or doing something small she finds annoying she is extremely petty and is like to a brick wall. she has ruined christmas and thanksgiving with her petty shit and i fear will rob me of my childhood and my siblings, she took out our wifi and replaced it with some helicopter parent wifi where she can pause it whenever she gets pissy with everyday she gets worse and worse she makes everything about religion
159	real	Im MAD with best friend due his behavior after my dad die [End Title]: In mid December, my dad (68) pass away due a massive artery failure. At the moment, my best friend was outside the country and he called and we talked briefly.   Since then, he returned to town but haven't called or visited me or my family. This have me so MAD that I now consider our &gt;20yrs friendship is over.
965	real	Why does my friend annoy me for no reason? [End Title]: I’ve been friends with this one girl for three years now. But lately I’ve noticed that I’m getting kind of annoyed of her, and I hate it. It makes me feel really bad that I get annoyed by her, when she doesn’t even do anything wrong. Sometimes when she texts me, I would just not respond; if I did, I would just reply with “cool” or whatever. I feel like the best thing to do is to stop hanging out with her in case I say something I’d regret. However, she always hangs out with me whenever she can, and it doesn’t help the fact that she considers me her best friend.
385	real	I lied about my relationships. [End Title]: So here’s the story, one day my friends and I were catching up since we hadn’t seen each other in so long. Every time we catch up we always ask each other if theirs anyone special in their lives. A little bit of background all of my friends have dated before and had sex but I never have. And they each have boyfriends now but I don’t. So you know they talk a little about the action they’ve been getting and what not and I always feel left out. So I told a lie that I’ve actually had two relationships and had sex when I actually didn’t.   However, I have only been in one relationship that they knew about however we never have sex because it just didn’t feel right and I wasn’t ready. But I never even considered a relationship seeing that it ended so fast. And secondly, one night I ended up getting very intimate with a close guy friend, you know clothes off and everything but we never actually got into the penetration phrase because soon as it started I ask to stop. So I guess I was never really ready for sex or a relationship.   They always ask me why I’m single  and too be honest it’s just because I don’t want to be in a relationship for the convince of being in a relationship. I need to feel that it’s real or I’m immediately out.  I hate wasting time on relationships that are doomed from the beginning just for the sake of saying I’m in a relationship. Whew.. okay glad to get that off my chest.
81	real	I just had a manicure and I liked it. I am male. [End Title]: Hey, how are you? How was your day?   So I just had my nails done. And it felt great. Maybe not for the obvious reasons. Here's the story.  A friend of mine is just about to finish her Make Up Artist School. And from time to time she needs someone to practise on. We are not really close, more like an acquaintance. Nobody had time, so I had to jump in.   At first it was a little insulting, because she was making lots of remarks at how ugly my nails were and how I don't take care of them. But the longer we sat there and the longer she took care of me, the better I felt. I don't really get any affections at all, so to be the center of her attention like that and be cared for.... Felt really good. It took about 3 hours to get finished and i kind felt sad when it was over. Even more sad, when I realised why I enjoyed it so much.   I am just saying. Guys! If you wanna feel good about yourself and look good, try this stuff! You don't have to be such a lonely mess like me to enjoy it. But bro, it was goooood.   Have a nice day :)  Edit: Damn, I didn't think it would blow up like that. I am glad I this post moved somebody to try this kind of stuff. Thank you ;)
188	real	[NSFW] Self-harmed the for the first time last night while drunk. Though it was a dream, but woke up COVERED in cuts. What am I going to do? [End Title]: [Here's the damage. I can't believe I did this.](http://imgur.com/a/dHx7MN7) I am so ashamed, I don't even know what to do. I'm going to have to wear long sleeves for a while in this crazy heat. Will there be scars? They don't look THAT deep, except the ones near the elbow. I need some advice guys.
676	real	i couldn't share this with nobody... [End Title]: hello everyone! i hope you all doing great. i got to know a girl from a group of friends 1 year ago, and she was taken,we become friends and we meet everyday as a group of close friends. but these last 6 months we've been so close, and even other friends in the group noticed that. we started to call ourselves best friends. her boyfriend is living in another city, so she wasn't seeing him that much. after our daily deep conversations at night and phone calls and spending the whole day together, i started to feel something with her, i was so ashamed of myself and i felt so guilty because she's already in a relationship, and she loves her boyfriend even tho he was so abusive and angry all the time, and he has a lot of cheating stories with other girls.  i tried to clear my mind, and forcing myself to see her as a friend, even tho it hurts, it hurts so much but i was fighting it all the time. lately, after i convinced my mind to see her as a friend, she realized that she was manipulated by her boyfriend, and she broke up with him peacefully. i felt so happy for her, because it destroyed her so much, i gave her all my time during the break up period, she cried on my shoulders and she hugs me, i was the only one in our group of friends that she could talk about break up with. just a week later, our friends learned that she broke up with her bf, and they all started to make jokes about me and her being a couple, she was so angry about it, at least that what she wanted to show me. one day we were having a walk just me and her, and she started to say a lot of meaningless things in a funny way, she was high with weed and all i understood is this phrase : "hahaha they're so stupid, they want me to confess my feelings to you so i will get rejected as you did with X and Y hahaha" (btw, two girls of our group of friends tried to approach me and one of them confessed her feelings and i rejected her respectfully), and she always mention this, again once i remember she said "i really don't understand X, how can she feel normal being around a guy who rejected her once ahahaha". these words actually gave me a lot of informations. and she kept showing hints after hints after hints... until i noticed that the feeling of wanting her is coming back to me, she started to call me baby sometimes, she started to worry about me so much, like if i disappeared just a few hours she will keep calling and texting until i reply.and when i ask her why she says " i miss you darling, i miss ma boi". the thing is, after all of this i realized sadly that i fall in love with her, i tried to fake it and act normally as i used to do, but i couldn't hold it anymore. and the idea of making a move started to knock my doors.  and the next part is where i want your help. these last 6-5 days, i realized a weird behaviors, days before, she started to approach other guys in the group, it was normal at first, i didn't even pay attention, i remember once she asked me to go with her to the conservatory, i said okay but i have a some work to finish before, she said okay and then immediately she said "actually 'x guy' is so nice" i laughed and i said in a funny way "so ask him to go with you instead of me. she laughed too and she said : "are you jealous" and i was like wtf why would i be lol ? and actually i was a bit jealous to be honest, so back to these last 6 days, she started to flirt with guys so much, and what makes me insane is, when we talk on phone or texts she acts so normal and nothing weird. but once we meet the other day with friends, she ignores me so much and give her all attention to the other guys and especially the one i was jealous of. i thought as first that because i love her i see it that way, but the more i focus the more i realize that she's intentionally trying to make me jealous. and i think i fucked up so much because I couldn't control myself and i started to act weird with her, i started to ignore her texts and phone calls, and i avoid seeing her, yesterday was the ultimate gun shot i got from her, she came to me randomly after ignoring all her messages for one day, and she told me that she's going to be out on a date with someone tonight, i was shocked and i told her good luck i have a date next monday too, she laughed and told me that she has to know who's this lucky girl. after a few hours she came back to me and told me that she changed her mind and she no longer wants to go on that date. and she asked me to show up in our friend's spot. and to avoid being on that situation i refused to go out with friends because i'm 100% that she would do the same behaviors. now i don't know what to do. i love her so much, more than anything you could imagine, and somehow i know that she knows that i love her... what should i do ? should i just break my own heart and burry the pain in me? even if i want to move on its too hard for me, i meet her everyday and her friends are mine.. please any advice would be appreciated and i'm so so sorry for the long text, i just wanted to let it out of my chest because i couldn't talk about this with anyone.  thank you so much in advance.
643	real	I constantly think about fucked up shit [End Title]: 24/7 my brain is always going on constantly about killing people and myself, it's not like I want to do this stuff. When I think about it I'm disgusted with myself.
745	real	I wish I could move away and just start over [End Title]: I feel that I’m happy but I dream of a life I don’t have. I’m 20 years old and I live in an apartment in Atlanta, GA. I’m and art student currently and I don’t even know if that’s what I want to be doing. I wish I could move away and live in an actual house in a forest with trees and my dog could run around. I’d love to fall in love slowly with someone and enjoy it. It just seems perfect to me right now. I’m so unhappy living in an apartment in Atlanta. Even a vacation would be amazing. I’d love to get away from everyone including my boyfriend for about a month. Just take off and go me and my dog. It just seems like a crazy dream when I snap back into reality and think I can’t move away right now. I have no money. I have a job but literally all my paycheck goes towards the expensive rent I pay living in downtown Atlanta. I’m also in school right now. I don’t have a degree. I can’t get a career and make reasonable money yet. So I feel stuck and I’m not having fun with my life. Its boring and I want to experience living on my own in a house but I can’t. I’d just love any words of life advice or encouragement or anything you have to give.   Thanks for reading my long rant I just really needed to get it off my chest.
770	real	Bernie Sanders would make an awful president for any country. [End Title]: Im not conservative/republican or democrat. I tend to shift my views the more I learn about certain topics. I’m not perfect and I don’t have the answers to anyone’s problems.   HOWEVER, throughout my time learning about history in my 27 year life, I have never once read of a country, or empire, that ever thrived off of socialism. This just isn’t a sustainable way of living. And I understand that Bernie is a good guy and he means well with all his campaigning. But, taking from the rich and giving it to the poor will do nothing except halt prosperity and stunt growth.   Free college, healthcare, and whatever else these democrats are offering this campaign sound great. They really do. But everything free comes with a price when it comes to politics. You aren’t getting free stuff without new problems getting created. Healthcare/School quality will plummet. High cost = high quality. It’s the reason the best schools cost the most. Stop complaining about school debt when you decided to go to a top tier college that costs the most with minimal scholarships.   All of you complaining on reddit are yelling through a $1000 iPhone. Make sure you look in the mirror when you complain about money and don’t let jealousy get the best of you. Stay off social media and stop comparing your lives to others
786	real	I made my cousin up an innocent girl for me. [End Title]: I was about 7 or 8 and at a summer camp with my cousin who was about 11 or 12. Everyone i met there was pretty cool except this one girl who got into a fight with my cousin because she said something about his dead mom and i helped him. After a few days at the camp i saw the girl again and i thought that it’d be fun to fight again. So i went to my cousin and asked if he was still mad at her and he said no and asked why i’m asking. And i told him she was bullying me everytime he wasn’t there. And this made him rage like so bad. He walked to her and just punched her in the face and started kicking her while she was crying. Never saw her again.
437	real	This time last year, I cut myself for the first time. But now, I am living my best life. [End Title]: As it reaches my one year anniversary of what is, I hope, the hardest part of my life I will have to live through, I am amazed by how far I have come.   I was struggling with depression and anxiety as well as my undiagnosed ADHD throughout my eight grade year. I spent all my free time doing school work, determined to get through middle school with all A’s. I succeeded, but it was at a heavy cost. I wasn’t diagnosed with depression or ADHD until later, but I had all the symptoms.   The summer before my Freshmen year I was really stressed about entering high school. I knew I couldn’t have another year like the past year and I was really nervous about the work load the high school would give. When the beginning of school rolled around, I was able to make it through the first few months. Then, at the end of November, I stopped going to school. I was anxious about my school work, and it got to the point that I couldn’t do any school work at home because I would get too stressed. I had tried my best to stay in school, I dropped a class so I could have a study hall, but after a little bit, I just couldn’t make it to school anymore.  I proceeded to spend the rest of my Freshman year alone at home, watching TV almost all day. At night I would be curled in a ball on the couch crying unconsolably. Rocking back and forth, unable to see a way out of the pain I was in. Every day I just wanted it to end. I had impulses to run to the kitchen and grab a knife to just get it over with. At points I had to work to prevent myself from doing it.   The pain I felt was as physical as pain can get. I carried around that pain in my chest all day, every day. Then one day, the pain was just too much. I was crying, and my dad was with me, trying to help me. But no one could have brought me back at that point. Then, all of a sudden, it came to me. I got up. I walked up the stairs and went into my room. I closed my door, and grabbed a pair of sharp scissors I had in my desk and I sat down on my bed. I proceeded to use them to cut a small line on the inside of my arm. My tears had stopped, and as I felt the pain on my arm, the pain inside me lessoned a bit. I put a band aide on it, and pulled my sleeve down to cover it.   For the rest of the day, whenever I would start to feel the pain inside me again, I would press down on the cut until I felt the pain again. It offered me the relief I had needed. However, as the day went on, I felt guiltier and guiltier and I eventually told my mom. She took the scissors away and hid the kitchen knives. I didn’t hurt myself again. However, the scariness that hurting myself actually succeeded in making me feel better, staying with me.   At some point my mom took me to the hospital so we could get medication to help me when I would cry unconsolably. The pills didn’t really help. But, somehow, I found the strength to persevere. I went to therapy, I started working out. I started to get better. My therapist helped me overcome my fear of the school building, she helped me get ready to go to school in the fall.   The pain slowly started to fade. It hadn’t left me, and I don’t think it will ever leave me. I was still depressed when school came, but I went. I have missed many more days than anyone else this year, but with my 504 plan, I was able to stay in the same grade as my friends.   I’m making honor role, and for the past few months, I have been actually happy. Really happy at some points. There have been some days when I feel that pain again, but after a few days, it goes away. Not completely though. I still carry around with me, that fear that if I fall back into that depression, I won’t have the strength to overcome it again.   Getting through that depression was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. It took every ounce of will power I had. I don’t think I would be able to get to the other side again if things go downhill a second time.   It seems as though us who have suffered from chronic depression won’t ever be free from it. We will always have times where we feel as we did. We will always carry with us some of that pain that we felt.   We have to always remember that we are the strong ones. We are the ones that, when all we wanted to do was leave this world behind, we got up out of bed anyways, and lived the life we did not want to live. We are the strongest people. We are the ones that practiced enough self restraint, so that we did not give in to the urge.   For those of you who are reading this and are still in that terrible place, I know you don’t want to hear that it will get better. That you will come out on the other side. I know all that you care about is that it hurts now. Just try. Just get up every day. Be selfish for once. One thing that helped me tremendously was to remember to think of myself, before thinking of others. If someone asks you to do something, but you are too stressed or sad, tell them that you can’t do it. Let people do things for themselves. I know it might make people think you are a bad person, but if they love you, they will realize that you need to think of yourself before you can think of anyone else. As Ed Sheeran said, "before I save someone else, I've got to save myself." So please, save yourself.  Just be selfish. Go to therapy, or just talk to someone you trust. You can do this. You are strong enough.   I am living proof that you can get through this. That you can appear on the other side better than you were before. It’s hard. It will probably be the hardest thing you will ever have to do. But you can do it. I believe in you, even if no one else does. While you are the only one who can bring yourself out of it. You have the strength to do it. Other people can help a little bit. But you have to do it. And I am here to say that you can do it. You are strong enough. You got this.
140	real	I don't like my parents [End Title]: Many people say I'm lucky to have such supportive parents. Or just parents that love me. But the thing is, they've taken me away from my friends so many times, and I don't feel like they're making an effort to adjust to my new pronouns.  They expect me to be comfortable and happy. I'm not happy. They say I'm too young to be sad. They're so annoying, I can't even explain it. It's difficult to put into words. They don't let me work at my own pace, for example, yesterday I had a job to do, and then my father gave me another job and shouted at me to do it whilst I was working on another. He just kept shouting until I finished.  Sometimes I feel I'm going crazy. I see things, disturbing things, and I'm scarred. Hallucination kind of things, by the way. I remember things wrong- Almost as if I inhabit an alternate world of some sort? Everything is so confusing. I hardly understand anything at this point.
334	real	I eat popcorn with a spoon [End Title]: I just don’t want to have greasy fingers
372	real	I've been ghosting someone and shes now worried abt me [End Title]: okay. it sounds really shitty. I mean it it shitty. but there is backstory. in order to shorten it, since it happened over the span of a few years here it is:   there is this girl who I started talking to, but she gave off a strange vibe. I didnt know what it was, but it was an opinion shared by many people who have also been talking to this person. I started texting her, and she started with self deprecation, somewhat guilt tripping, and all that stuff. it obviously made me uncomfortable and I felt terrible. I understand that she might have been going through a rough patch and needed someone to talk to but the pressure of her telling me I was the only person she talked to and that she kinda depended on me was taking a toll. I felt incredibly stressed whenever she texted me and people were telling me I should tell her to kinda back off.   at one point it sounded like she was suicidal and I was so scared that I almost started crying, I didnt know what to do. I tried to tell her things but she just said stuff like I'm fine or something like that. this, mixed with the fact that I'm kind of a people pleaser, i didnt want to cut her off so i kept talking to her.  i continued to talk to her, and she stopped being full on guilt tripping. but I was still very uncomfortable with our interactions due to what had previously happened. but a few months ago my sister convinced me to ghost her. she told me that she was toxic and that if I kept talking to her it would just drag it in longer. and as much as I didnt want to, I did, telling her that I just need time alone. this is around the time when this whole shut down thing started so I told her the stress was getting to me and I needed space. which was technically true, because my mental health has been taking a toll.  but ever since then, she has been texting me with things like I hope your okay, and I know you can get through it. and I know in this situation I sound shitty. I'm not going to say that I'm an angel in this story, or in general. I was sometimes rude and short in our conversations. I feel terrible for doing this, especially because now she is actually I think worried.   I just dont really know what to do about it? because people were telling me not to text her back because it will just show that I'm not trying to cut her off. but then again, I feel fucking terrible for doing this.    sorry this was just a whole bunch of rambling. it is 2 am and I just need to get this off my chest, especially because the person just texted me again and it is stressing me the fuck out.
312	real	this text is chaotic and are just my thoughts [End Title]: i cant stop thinking about things like will i ever have a real friend group, best friends to do things with or am i just gonna die alone i feel like im wasting my life its hrad for me to find friends like real friends everyday i see other people laughing with eachother being happy why cant it be me i dont even think i deserve it but then i realize i wasnt a good friend either to my old friends and im also overthinking way too much it makes me scared of myself why do i have to be like this there is hust so much going through my head i cant describw it in words
286	real	My dad refuses to wear a mask and I'm exhausted trying to talk to him about anything social or political [End Title]: My dad and I have opposite political views, with his being fairly conservative and pro-trump, with myself being fairly liberal and independent yet democratic leaning. It isn't anything new that parents and their children have differing political views which can lead to conflict, but I am sick of having to defend myself and feeling negatively impacted by his beliefs.  I had a talk with him about a week ago about how he goes about "talking to me" about politics. His talking isn't so much talking as it is yelling and ranting without giving me a chance to speak or offer my opinions in any way. Often, his attacks turn personal, like I'm the one ruining the country....or my beliefs are wrong and fueled by lies....I'm a sheep who doesn't think for himself...a "drone". I'd had enough and finally confronted him, asking him to refrain from using that type of language and attitude with me, especially when I wasn't even antagonizing him. I thought the talk helped.   But now, he has refused to wear a mask if he isn't forced to. My girlfriend of 5 years family has taken in their 91 year old Nana to live with them. I have been lucky enough to be able to see my girlfriend still but after learning of his attitude toward masks, the risk of exposure to her Nana is greater and I may not be able to see her anymore. Not to mention, my own grandparents who I am very close with, I have been distancing from for fears of spreading Covid to them. I tried to bring up all these points and drive home the point that not wearing a mask has effects outside of just himself but he completed disregarded everything I said.   He just got defensive, had no compassion for my girlfriend or her family, or myself, and proceeded to just get angry at me. I just feel completely disappointed and saddened by his over the top reaction. He often makes me feel like I am being ridiculous or that what I'm saying has no credit. It is just selfishness. There is no other way around it. It is selfish to take everything as a personal attack and to disregard the impact your actions have on those around you. I know I can't control others actions, so I can't really do anything, but I thought my dad would at least have enough respect for my girlfriend's family and myself to have acted differently.   It just baffles me how someone can get so offended....so angry....so upset over being asked to do something so simple as wear a piece of cloth over their face in the store. I feel so dejected because I feel as if I can't even change my own family's beliefs or expand their perspective, how am I going to leave a positive impact on the world, through others?
776	real	To you Just know [End Title]: Know that you are good enough. Please dont give up  when things get tough. I know , I know, I know.. You will always Be more than enough. Now believe it.. !!!!   Love this....
211	real	I want to tell management that I disagree with "dine-in" being available again [End Title]: It's bothering me since I heard it will be starting soon. It's not an essential business, but it's useful. However, unlike diners that just have "take-out" and "dine-in", this place has an app along with supporting food-delivery apps. It's not like people can't go sit down in the outdoor public areas.  It's like there is a cure or effective treatment for COVID-19, yet people are running to do novelty activities. Is going to eat in a restaurant help when you need a ventilator? I'm not mad or angry, just disappointed. There was a heads-up, but long-time employees (from what I've seen and heard) weren't apart of making this decision.  I'm still a newbie and I don't have dependents, yet this is the only job while I'm attending school online. I'm very glad to finally have one, but I don't think safety was truly motivating this decision.  I've wanted to just run it out here, before finding my guts to speak with my current employers later today.
737	real	More than half the residents at my father’s nursing home have tested positive for COVID [End Title]: My dad is a long time resident there and was put on hospice care in January after almost dying from an infection. He’s stable now but is off of all his medications. I feel like, with over half the residents testing positive in the last 2 weeks (and 30 staff members), it’s only a matter of time before he gets it. And if he gets it he will die.  I hope I’m wrong.
727	real	Did I make a mistake? [End Title]: I am so deeply in love with a man I met a few months ago on a dating app.  I have deep trust issues, insecurities, and more that has been unearthed and come to the surface with his connection to female friends and following female wrestlers on the internet. That and a little white lie (so as not to hurt my feelings) triggered these anxieties. Why am I (The innocent one who never cheated) suffering now? Where is God's karma and justice? Why am I hurt? Why is he?  I broke it off, sent him a long email about my trust issues, and now he's trying to heal.  I can't stop thinking about him.  Yet I know if we got back together eventually we would still have issues (As every couple does).  I feel like I'm always going to be alone...maybe I just can't handle conflict in any form.  I love him, miss him, and pray for him constantly to find a wife.  It's hopeless. Only God can fix me.
595	fake	Me 31m wants to have intercourse with my niece [End Title]: Im going to try and open her up if some has advice plz dm
407	real	I had an abortion. Open to discussion. [End Title]: I have mixed feelings about abortion. I always said if I got pregnant I would have one.   It was earlier this year. I thought I was in love. I had been on birth control for ten years and got off a few months prior to meeting this guy.  I got pregnant the first week we had sex. I know it was because I wasn’t on the pill. To me, it was a careless decision on both of our parts. We knew what we were doing. In turn I got pregnant. The choice to have an abortion wasn’t as easy as I thought. It was hard. The hardest decision I’ve ever had to make. It still affects me to this day.   I want a baby. I think about how it may have been a girl. Then I think about women who have miscarriages. I try to think of it the same way.   I had the abortion extremely early. I wasn’t even five weeks. I chose the pill. I saw what came out of me.  It was a small, gestational sac. That’s how I justify it to myself. But it’s still painful.   My relationship was short lived and emotionally abusive. I started graduate school this fall. The father was a loser musician with no means to financially  support a baby and I don’t work full time. I can barely support myself.  I also work in the mental health system and see children on a regular basis who are neglected and suffering. I wouldn’t ever want to be the cause of that for another human being.   I’m writing this to share my story because I’m sure there are woman out there who second guess or question themselves.  There are so many different circumstances one can endure.  I would have delivered this month. That’s why it’s on my mind. I don’t think I would have been able to start graduate school if I kept it.  I know a couple who found out I was pregnant who wanted me to carry it to term and have them adopt.   I guess I wonder what if today..  I fear if I carried it I would have grown attached and not wanted to give it away. Is it selfish to not want to watch your baby be raised by people you know? I feel either way it would have tremendous effect on my mental health. I matter too.   I’m just rambling now. It’s over and I have to somehow find my peace.  But to anyone shaming a woman for choosing abortion, please, think twice about doing so. I understand the sadness and anger when it seems like some may be negligent. I would even consider myself negligent. At the end of the day it doesn’t matter how or why I got pregnant.  The truth is I did. I chose not to carry it to term. I chose to terminate the pregnancy. It was my choice. I’m the one who lives with it. Not anyone else.    I’m thankful I have that choice.
253	real	Feeling tired, lost and hopeless (rant/need advice) [End Title]: Hello everyone.  I will give some context to you over my present situation.  I'm a 28M and last year i came out as bisexual to my mother, she was disappointed at first but on an overall scale she became very supportive, she was the only member of my family that would be supportive, the rest is just plain homophobic. I'll never know the reaction of my father, because he died 10 years ago from cardiac arrest.  I have major depressive disorder and currently on meds and therapy, most because of bullying in school.  Professionally and academically I graduated from law school and became a lawyer at 22 and I am finishing my bachelor's degree in accounting to see if I don't end up in a career I dislike (I was supposed to study computer science, but when my father died, it wasn't financial possible).  And here I am, struggling with depression, came out in an not so supportive environment just after ending a 2.5 year relationship with my narc ex-gf and started a relationship with my now bf, in the beginning, it looked like a perfect relationship, everyone was happy, but then everything started to fall apart, he doesn't respect me, body-shames me, snoops my cellphone every time he have a chance (never cheated on him and on my ex-gf, cheating for me is one of the apex of disrespect and disregard of someones feelings), just accepts expensive things, wont vaccinate or take care of his health and the list goes on.  I just can't find any kind of job, let alone in my field, it just feels that I spent all that time studying for nothing.  I am ashamed of myself, with all that educational background being useless for me, ashamed of my sexuality, because it brought so much pain and fear by just being me, ashamed for ending up in two abusive relationships (shouting, humiliation, sometimes physical aggression) and having no clue how to end it.  I am just tired of everything, so much pain, so much effort for nothing, I'm feeling that I can't get out of this loop, I just feels that my brain wants to shutdown, I don't know that I can take this any longer.
775	real	I don’t know what to do/how to start walking away. [End Title]: I’m (24F) in a relationship with my fiancé(28M) for almost 3 years. Like how all relationship started, it’s sweet and full of love. However, entering the second year, he started to screw things up like cheat on me, gamble all our hard earned money. He promised me that he will never cheat on me again after I found out. But he still do it until the third year. I haven’t caught him cheating on me this third year, however he’s addicted to gambling. Every few months once, he will gamble behind my back, using all the money even though I told him not to. He promised me he will use until up to a certain limit and stop. But he never stop. He promised me that he will not take money without letting me know first but eventually he took it without letting me know. I have sacrificed so much for him and his family but never felt appreciated. He always take me for granted and always will apologise for all the mistakes he did. And then he will repeat that mistake again.   It’s a relationship where I have pour a lot of my love into this and it’s so hard to walk away just like that.   Any advice is appreciated. I want to know where to start loving myself more.   P.s I’m a broken human being until my fiancé pulled me out of my broken self but right now he’s putting all the broken pieces into me again.
122	real	I just have these thoughts sometimes and yeah TW:self harm I am trying to better my self but the darkness really does creep up [End Title]: I think I’m just going to deactivate my dating apps.  I am so tired of them.   I am tired of pretending.   I am tired of talking to people who only want to have sex and then leave.  I want someone who is willing to have a legitimate intimate relationship.  Who isn’t going to drop me just because I will not have sex with them or suck them off.  I don’t think I even want to be with anyone anymore.   I am sick and tired of people in general.  I am just lonely but at the same time. I’d rather prefer my loneliness at times.  Especially with people like that.   I am sick and tired of being sick and tired.  Maybe it’ll happen one day.  To be released.  But only if the courage will come and make the thoughts go away.  I am tired   I am sick   I don’t want to pretend anymore  I don’t want to lie  I just want to be  done
115	real	Horrible Boss Destroys Department [End Title]: It’s been bugging me for the last year. A person took over a department I migrated from within my current company, which is a manufacturing company. The department is an engineering group made up of 6-15 people. I was in the department for around 2 years, brought on by the former manager, who hired almost everyone in that group.  The previous manager, who hired me, was phenomenal. He was encouraging, backed you up in meetings. He always heard ideas even when they were stupid and would help determine if they were financially viable given his experience and exposure to the finances of the company. Of the 15 people who made up the group when I left, he had hired 11 of the engineers and technicians. We became a cohesive group, even spending time outside of work together to go to the bar, play video games, visit with people’s families who were married. Overall, it was like a little family at work.  Fast forward to a year ago and that manager left as he got into a huge dispute with the owner of the company because he refused to force people to work 60 hours every week, and did not want to punish people for failures due to unforeseen circumstances. His replacement is a friend and part of the boys’ club that makes up the senior team in the company.  Within one week of him taking over, 2 employees quit, finding jobs elsewhere. The department is then slashed as new cuts are made to “improve the competitiveness of our pricing.” The current manager (new manager) doesn’t understand what his engineers actually do and so believes they are expendable. An engineer with 5 years experience supporting 50% of our annual revenue asked for a raise because he was being paid less than a new hire who supported 5% of our revenue with the same level of experience and was told no citing different levels of responsibility. He left shortly thereafter. Now those production lines struggle whenever a technical issue comes up as he’s had no replacement.  There has been altogether, 5 voluntary exits from the company, 2 layoffs, 2 people (including myself) who transferred departments, and 1 person who was fired because they had a different of technical opinion than that of the current manager. That engineer was proven correct and manager wrong at a later date.  I know that manager has what’s coming to him in the long run, but it doesn’t change the fact he’s essentially killed the cohesive family we built before him. We still meet up sometimes and still say hello in the hallways (for those still here), but it drives me nuts how so many talented people were forced out because of political bull crap. There, I’m done.  TL/DR: I used to be part of a good team that a new manager almost actively destroyed.  And just a note, yes I am pursuing other companies because I cannot stand that our senior management allows his behavior and has not done anything about it.  Edits were for grammar.
374	real	Yelling when you sneeze is fucking annoying. Stop it. [End Title]: Sneezing does not require a loud noise. Sneezing does not require a dramatic buildup of flailing head and limbs. Sneezing is just releasing some air. The whole "achoo" thing is fake and dumb and annoying and YES THAT MEANS YOU MOM! I cannot stand when people feel the need to make such a ruckus over a simple sneeze! I get it, some are big sneezes before. I'm a human, and I understand these things. But never have I ever felt the need to literally scream while sneezing. If I can hear you scream, that means you're not covering your sneeze. You're being gross. Stop it.
571	real	I’m not good enough for my boyfriend but his best friend is [End Title]: I know this is the worst possible thing to be nervous about, but I just can’t help it. I know my boyfriend loves me, and it feels stupid to even be thinking about this, but throughout our entire relationship all I can seem to do is compare myself to her.  They have actually been friends for a shorter time than him and I have been dating, but sometimes it feels like they’re the ones that should have ended up together. Her and I go to the same college and she’s in the same program that I am, but she’s in the honors division. She is more intelligent than I am and it makes me feel so damn terrible even though I go to a top five school in my field.  He’s often texting her when we’re together, and he often hides it when he is. I don’t know if he hides it because he doesn’t want me to feel bad about myself, and I don’t think he has realized that I noticed he wasn’t “texting his mom.” I’d much rather he just tell me “oh one second, [her name] texted me this funny thing” like I do when my best friend (who is a dude) sends me stuff. I usually show him what we’re talking about and let him give an input or help me think of a response and we laugh together and carry on. I trust my boyfriend, I just can’t get it out of my head that he wishes we had never met so that he could have been with her instead. The fact that he hides messages from her only makes me feel like it’s out of guilt on his part for the way he feels.  She’s prettier than I am too. Thinner, nicer, funnier. They live closer together now and since she’s going to the same college as myself, I know they’ll be 20 minutes away from each other even when we’re all away at school. I hate feeling insecure and stupid like this, but I just cannot help it. It feels like he is slipping away from me and that our relationship is crumbling, and I have to face her tomorrow like nothing is wrong.  And no, it’s not that I’m the jealous type. He has a group of friends, the majority of which are female, and he talks to them and sees them all the time. Even one on one for dinner and the like, and they’re all lovey women who I enjoy talking to. It’s just this one girl that feels like a better version of me that matches him far better than I ever could. I would never ever be mean to her or harbor any bad feelings, but inside I know that I’ll be hurting when I finally meet her after so long.
899	real	I watch people rant about the impeachment and laugh in thier faces for being so naive. [End Title]: The impeachment will never happen if the Senate is controlled by the Republicans. Go read the process on how its done.
450	real	It's almost too much weight to bear and lots of you and your loved ones are going to die sooner than you should because I am still having to carry it alone because for whatever stupid reason you won't just take a couple of minutes to do what you need to actually fix the problem. [End Title]: It's not that hard to figure out how to cure hundreds of different deadly diseases. It's not about money. It's not about organizations. It's about ignorance.   If they haven't cured the disease it's probably because they never seriously studied it in the first place. Curing it takes understanding. Understanding takes study. You have to collect it first. You have to pay someone to collect it first. And people don't pay for their own autopsies.   Medicine is not rocket science and that's the problem. We actually found out why the Space Shuttle Challenger blew up and we fixed that problem. But a phase III clinical trial fails and we just move on to the next thing. Hey this vaccine wasn't 100% effective maybe we should look into that. Oh wait there's another one being tested now maybe they'll get lucky. Yeah luck. That never runs out.   And the crazy thing is this past year was actually easier for me. I got to take a break and just spend a season just studying COVID-19 trials. I even got something published that laid everything out in yet another format. And once more I get nothing but agreement.   It sounds nice having people agree with you. It's not. Because that's all I get. Agreement. Not help. Never anyone there to help me carry the load. For over a decade, agreement is all I have gotten. And I get to feel the weight of that responsibility on my shoulders every year all by myself like a modern day motherfucking ringbearer.   People keep raising funds and running races and giving researchers what they are asking for, but not what they actually need. And I just can't seem to make a dent. But I also can't take a break. The weight of this responsibility is intolerable without me regularly taking time to work on this even though I never get anything back in return. Even though I never see any progress.   Because I know without doing this a lot of you and your loved ones, and also my own are going to needless die sooner than they should just because people aren't doing what they need to do to fix the problem.  And in the end I would rather have messed up some of my relationships than to eventually watch them die from something we should have been studying this whole time while feeling the guilt of knowing I never really tried.   But it's on you. You want to know why we haven't cured this yet. Look in the mirror. Because it's on you. All you have to do is take a couple of minutes of your time and ask your politicians to put a line in a law.   "To investigate, record and make public the causes of fatal treatment resistance in clinical trials in (wherever you live)."   I can't make it simpler. I can't make it easier. And I can't do any more than I am. But you can. And if you don't want to keep watching your loved ones die from metastatic cancers, or cystic fibrosis, or multiple sclerosis or hundreds of other deadly diseases we probably should have cured years ago then maybe, just maybe give this a try.
332	real	Having Cancer is not a Justification to Post Everywhere for Internet Points and Validation. [End Title]: People get cancer, it's incredibly common as far as deadly diseases go. it is one of the number one killers in developed countries and many people and their loved ones are affected by it. I too have had family live through and die because of cancer.   Not once have I posted to social media for some sort of recognition for recognition for my sacrifices as a caretaker or for pity because of my situation. People get dealt shitty hands all the time, we have family and friends to sympathize with us. And for those who don't it sounds like they have bigger problems they need to take care of instead of posting all over reddit for validation of their struggles.
844	real	I like to buy food when it’s on sale and give it to homeless people. [End Title]: Today Little Caesars had a sale if you ordered through their app. So I ordered three pepperoni pizzas for like $12 and some change I believe. Drove around and gave the boxes to homeless people holding signs.
588	real	I stopped going to catholic mass years ago and don’t know how to tell my dad. [End Title]: I’m 20 y/o and though I consider myself grown enough to make my own decisions, I can’t get myself to tell my dad I just don’t believe going to church is important. I’m still in the faith but just don’t believe the same as he does. It’s so important to him that I do because of his raising. It’ll come out one day.
270	real	My SO cheated on me and I'm stuck [End Title]: Deleted
90	real	I was sex abused as a preteen and I am here to tell say you will recover! (TW) [End Title]:  Over 20 years ago as a preteen i was sexually abused multiple times by a teenage boy who was supposed to be a friend, almost like a cousin (not blood just close family friend)  It started from him getting me into the sexual mind by coercing me with thoughts and pictures and videos of women but then turning the table and getting me to touch him inappropriately, to me doing other sexual favors for him.  I was fearful, wanted to be liked, wanted to be accepted, wanted to be wanted, but it was all gone about the wrong way.   I didn't tell anyone in my life, and still never have but I feel for all these stories I hear that are not fully heard, not fully believed and accepted, and the victim is often made to feel worse.   Those are the types of stories that make me glad I didn't open but, and the consequences and fear of what would happen as a result of me opening that huge pandora's box.  I feel for all people that have to hide their stories due to guilt, fear, shame, embarrassment and whatever other reasons they may have. Opening that up to the world and people you know can definitely be the hardest thing you have gone through or ever have to go through in their life. I never judge anyone that has kept quiet, or that has opened up, everyone's journey and life and desires are different. Everyone copes and recovers different.  I like to think i have made a lot of progress in accepting what happened, moving on and not feeling shame or guilt inside because I was the victim, I was not the abuser. The abuser should feel that, now if they do or dont I have no idea. I see this person maybe once a year and I have no desires to confront the past, but I do wonder if this person remembers it like i do, thinks about it, and feels any remorse or wrongdoing for what they did.  I know I shouldnt care about whether this person does or not, its just a thought thats all, it doesn't bother me or live with me daily... i hope that person live with their guilt and embarrassment and fear of what would happen if I ever did open my mouth about it.  I want my story and my words to help others if they can in anyway. I can be that crutch for you while you learn to stand on your 2 feet again, I want to be the motivation you get help for yourself if you need it or someone in your life suffering abuse in any manner. I may not have sought help for myself when it happened, but that doesnt mean you cant or cant later on. Do what you need to do for YOU to feel better.  That is how i've tried to live my life, enjoy it to the fullest, don't hold back, and don't let nobody hold you back.  Take care, stay safe, open to chat.
3	real	I have an impending mental breakdown. [End Title]: Not sure how to start this one. I'm a father of two little girls,  and I work nearly 40 hours in a job that's destroying my mental health, but not for the reasons you would of thought. I work for a large British chain pub/restaurant,  so lots of working with people. Weirdly I have only had a few as**le encounters, but the big issue is the staff and management. I'm autistic,  although high functioning, there are still things I find difficult to do as a normal minded person would, yet I push on. I've been chastised a few times for my talking to customers, so now I've been allocated "2 minutes" per customer. But I pride myself in my customer services , I make sure customers are happy and appreciate the time spent on them. In fact since working there, every customer knows my name and regularly complains about the lack of effort put in by other staff and the management and slide me tips on the sly, which I still end up sharing with staff. The trouble is I'm trying my absolute hardest and still apparently am a joke to the staff. I've overheard staff telling new starters that they don't need to listen to me, I've been called lazy, slow, and generally bad at my job. Last night the manager took me into the office to tell me all the staff have complained because my (solo) floor close was taking to long. We closed at 1am and this was at 1:20am. They then point out that during my shifts I stop for drinks more frequently then other staff. I should point out that this week alone (28 hours) I've broken 70 km travelled, and I mostly run front of house solo, the ambient room temperature is 22⁰c but the heating is set to 24⁰c (another regular customer complaint point) so I do need more fluids. I've been applying for more work outside the company, and it's gutting because I've been here for 4 years now, and trained all the current staff. Last week we had an extremely busy shift, where our food gantry was packed and more tickets were coming, and customers were asking me to take orders from them. We had 4 people behind the bar and myself running floor, I asked if someone could take orders and was informed that I should be doing that on top of running food, clearing and cleaning tables, topping up the coffee machines, doing the toilet checks, and chasing up tickets. I'm generally a happy person, I enjoy making people happy, and I love the customer service side of things.  Right now though, I'm worried I'm going to snap and end up fired. I'm the oldest front of house staff member, with the most experience and I feel like a joke. I just wish I could quit, flip the bird and walk out. But my family needs me to work, my partner is disabled and my kids need school stuff. But I still can't help feel that something is going to break soon. Sorry you've had this rant,  but I need this off my chest before I start my shift again in 20 minutes.
440	fake	sure, you can have female friends. [End Title]: as long as they're all fatter and uglier than me....
119	real	I just now deleted the last pictures I had of her on my laptop. We broke up 5 months ago [End Title]: I really wanted to start crying while I was doing it, but nothing would come out if I tried. The last remnants of a relationship that lasted over a year and fucked me up emotionally are now gone. I don’t know if this means I can finally start moving past this, but I hope so.   I know this isn’t really worth being on this sub, but I don’t have any one to tell right now
45	fake	Nick is mean [End Title]: This guys named nick is so mean to me and idk why. All he does is make fun of me and kick my ass in monopoly. And he calls me asexual. Like wtf is that. Anyways I just had to vent.
715	fake	Had a sexual dream about sister-in-law, woke up and jerked it to her Instagram photos. [End Title]: Throwaway for obvious reasons. The wife and I have had a rocky sex life for about a year and a half now. Not for a lack of intimacy but due to her vaginal health which still has not been properly diagnosed. It was first thought to be just a bad yeast infection then BV then vaginitis and now they think its cervicitis from deep penetration. We were having sex maybe twice a month before the last diagnosis. Prior to this issue we were having sex 3-4 times a week.  Fast forward to this week. We were told to try different positions as to not hit the cervix and its been working. We've had sex 4 times this week with no issues! I was certainly satisfied or so I thought. I had sexual dreams 3 times earlier this week concerning ex girlfriends. Waking up with very firm erections everytime. I didn't have time to take care of the situation because I had to get ready for work. No big deal, wife and I had sex later on on those days. Well last night we had sex after a 2 day break and it was passionate to say the least.  I drift off to dream land and now her sister (who just turned 23) is in my head. It started off innocent like it generally does in porn. Sitting on the couch watching TV and then I fell asleep. I woke up looking at the TV and porn was on. I look over and my sister in law has her shirt pulled up over her tits and a hand down her pants. I watched for a second before she looked over at me and bit her lip while her eyes rolled back. I asked her what the hell she was doing because her sister (my wife) was home. She responded with no she's not, she left to go to the store. At that time she grabbed my hand and I fought it for a second but gave in. She then put my hand down her pants and felt how wet she was. She then put her finger in my mouth and took my hand out of her pants and began sucking my finger. This went on for a second before she stopped, got off the couch, dropped her pants and took of her shirt. Then walked over put her butt a few inches from my face and bent over. She grabbed my hands and put them on her butt then pushed back so that my face was buried into her pussy. After that I was awoken by my wife's alarm. Once again a firm erection but now it's for a slightly more inappropriate reason. Wife was awake but on her phone so I snuck into the bathroom to hide the erection in case she wanted a repeat of last night. Which would have been REALLY weird to have sex with the erection that the dream version of her sister gave me. While in the bathroom, I was scrolling through my Instagram feed and low and behold her sister posted pictures from a party she was at last night. My dick started throbbing. I was sooo turned on at this point I didn't even think about the potential regret I would feel afterwards. So I did the deed and now I am here writing about it.....still in the bathroom.  I apologise for the bad grammar and length. I haven't had my coffee yet.
945	real	I want to know real love from a partner before I die. [End Title]: I have never felt more alone in my life. I just want to feel real love before I leave this earth, and just the thought of possibly not literally brings me to tears. There that’s it....
671	real	Imposter syndrome, loneliness and anxiety is wearing me down... [End Title]: I'm 27M, recently started a job in the sector I've been dreaming of getting into since I started my career. I rent a nice apartment, live away from home and things look lined up to be great...  Except they're not. Imposter syndrome, loneliness and anxiety are running my confidence into the ground. Everyday at work, there are new challenges (work in healthcare and it's a very steep learning curve). I'm a hypersensitive person and I get overwhelmed very easily, spiraling into overthinking at any moment, to the point where my thought patterns become maladaptive and obsessive. It happens when I have to move even slightly out of my comfort zone, when I have to learn something new... even when I'm trying to sleep or just enjoy my hobbies.  You may be thinking, get help - it's so obvious! I've done quite a bit of counseling which was very successful at the time, I'm not a layabout and I've been fighting for years to push myself. I've turned my life around in a lot of respects but I guess in the end, anxiety always rears its head. I tell my patients that it never truly goes either, but finally I'm in their shoes and it's getting exhausting. I sit in silence a lot at home, barely doing anything because even my hobbies are becoming draining.   I don't follow TV or movies anymore, nor discover new music or anything because I tell myself I never have time - this is partly true but also there's an element of perfectionism and hyperstimulation getting in the way. When I visit my parents I constantly tell them to turn the tv or their phones down because I can hardly think and I'm getting edgy.  I finally made the step to call my GP and I'm on an SSRI for the first time in my life - day 1 today and I'm hoping it'll help some of my symptoms. But it feels like it's too much... the internal pressure... Sometimes I just wish I wasn't around, though I'd never ever take action on that, I have great friends and family and it'd really hurt them. My parents would be devastated and they're supportive as are my friends. I know there's nothing wrong with relying on others but at the same time, this is something only I can sort out.  I'm also dealing with rejection after rejection in online dating. I know, not the best place in general and esp for someone with thin skin but I don't want to not try during the pandemic. I know it's real easy for me to be like 'I don't know what I'm doing wrong, it's all them!' but seriously I'm at a loss. I have great conversations with girls and I make the effort, but then they totally dip. It makes me feel worthless, esp after they say they're interested and are very forward about wanting to meet. I'm starting to doubt my looks, whether I'm just a horrible, boring person. I've never had a relationship or done anything and it all feels so hopeless. Some of my best friends are girls and nearly everyone at work is female who I'm definitely confident around but dating just escapes me (and makes me incredibly anxious) so I guess I'm not a totally lost cause but I wonder sometimes...  I just hate myself and don't know what to do. I wonder if this is my lot in life. I just went through my post history and the last time I posted on this account was 5 years ago - a lot's changed since then but some hasn't. I don't know what to do... or what happens next...  **Any support or advice would be most appreciated**
674	real	I miss when I was depressed. 17F [End Title]: When I was in middle school, I was very depressed and suicidal.  I attempted to kill myself.  My parents found out, got me help, and I recovered splendidly.  I’m happy now.  But I miss the times when I thought about killing myself everyday.  When I’d go home from school and hurt myself.  When I could actually cry.  I’m happy now, and I hate it.  I want to go back to the times when I hated myself.  When I’d get so overwhelmed by school, my chest would physically hurt from the anxiety.  But now I’m happy.  I wish I had never recovered.  I wish I knew a way to become depressed again.  I sound so fucking selfish.  Why do I want to be so miserable and hopeless again...?
649	real	I am going to fight a group of teenagers the next time I see one. [End Title]: As the title says, I'll attack a small group of teenagers the next time I see one. The way they have fun, fool around, date, kiss, laugh, makes my blood boil because I envy them. I cannot be them. I'll beat them to satisfy my anger and hate, Ill go after a small group. It's summer so there will be a lot of teenagers hanging out. I don't care if I get beaten or go to jail. I have nothing to lose. I don't have a single friend, no hobbies, no skills or talents, no money and on top of it I have socially anxiety and awkwardness. And I'm suicidal. I don't value my life anymore.  No friends, no hobbies, no social life, no talents, no supportive parents or any role models. NOTHING except socially awkwardness, anxiety and envy. I'm bored Every single day I do the same shit. Wake up, eat, play video games than sleep for the night. I workout occasionally but I don't know how to make serious gains.  I don't understand what went wrong in my life. Why am I like this but other teenagers aren't? Fucking hell do I wanna kill myself or cut. I just wish I was happy and had some friends to hang out with after school or during the summer.  What enrages me even more are promiscious teenagers who have the best experiences I can only ever dream of. Sex. They find sexually partners so easily while I cant even get a single kiss or friend. It makes my blood boil.
141	real	I am no longer interested in being a donor... [End Title]: Months ago you approached me about a donation and mentioned how you would be sending me an email with further details about you're organization. I said I'd be happy to look at it but cannot guarantee anything.   You have no spoken to me since this winter. You have my number, you have my email and you're on my Facebook. I see you interacting with others on FB however I have not recieved a single message from you. In fact, the few messages I have sent since we last talked have been read but gone unanswered.   I understand life gets busy and chaotic, however if you want a donation, you need to establish a friendly, yet professional relationship with the donor. You have failed at this and have lost the donor's interest.   While I believe your organization is a worthy cause, I have decided due to lack of communication, my interests are now somewhere else. I wish you the best of luck.
819	fake	Jerk Off Daily [End Title]: I love checking out my pastor wife because she turns me on every time I see her. Every time I jerk off, she is the one I fantasize about. I jerk off daily.
793	real	really weirdly happy thoughts I have been having [End Title]: this is weirdly hard to write for some reason, but I need to put this somewhere and I have no one else to tell about this, so yeah. I think a lot of the things I believe about the universe are not beliefs shared by most other people (I am not entirely sure, sorry if these are just facts that everyone knows and I just think they aren't): mind readers are real, I am not really human, I am slowly growing more feathers, my reflection is alive and can talk to me, there are 5 dimensional beings I can communicate with, those being do not like each other, some other large group of external beings are watching all of us, one time I time traveled to the future, I can kind of fly sometimes. things like that. I have been experiencing stuff like this mostly non stop for at least 7 years. when I try to tell people about this they usually just tell me I am mentally ill or something, but I have been just, like thinking about that, and that just doesn't really add up, you know? maybe I am just right in some way? I am having a hard time wording my thoughts on this, sorry.  maybe my life is just weird? maybe I can see something about reality that most other people can't? like, yes, sometimes all this is scary and terrifying to deal with, but a lot of the time now, now that my mindset has changed, it's all very beautiful and good and amazing and full of awe. my world is colourful and melty and sometimes I get to see cool-looking ghosty creatures. I think fear and terror are just parts of life. I think that sometimes good things are scary. I think that sometimes more risk, and more fear is just the side effect of bigger responsibility and beauty. I think maybe I am just lucky to have a vibrant, weird universe to live in, instead of the dull, boring one other people limit themselves to.  also, what really is the difference between this and like religion and stuff? you believe in a giant powerful being that you can't see, I believe in  a giant powerful being that I can see. one of us clearly has more proof of our being's existence. also, some religions say that you can go to hell if you don't do the right things. i have seen a lot of people say that they are very scared of that. how is that fear normal and my fear disordered?  I am clearly having a better time than they are. and I am having a great time. an amazing time, I do not know how to express how good I feel about all of this. it's all so beautiful, the world is so amazing and big that I feel dizzy whenever I go outside, I wish I could share that beauty with everyone. I have achieved this amazing state of calm and peace and joy because of all of this.  maybe my reality is just as real as your's. maybe I just see it differently than you do. maybe I just see more of it than you do. I don't fully understand what is going on, but I think  I am so so close to doing that. there are some downsides to this, like I can't go on walks and stuff really anymore cause seeing the world for what it is makes me incredibly dizzy, but that is just part of living, I think. you can't tell me that your life is entirely free of unpleasant things. I did not express this very well, but I hope it made sense.  I have not gotten much sleep so I blame some of my bad writing on that.
429	fake	A tragedy in 44 ounces [End Title]: Alright, so this is a throwaway account for reasons that will become apparent. But as a forwarding, it is fairly NSFW.   That being said.   I woke up this morning and laid in bed for about an hour. I ultimately decided to masturbate. Now, I could explain my full rational and the long train of thought that led to this next shameful decision, but I won’t. But because I had nowhere else to go or do it, I decided to *finish* in a 44 ounce soda cup from the gas station I had on my nightstand. It was probably still 3/4 of the way full. But it suffices and I put the lid on it and just left it because I didn’t have a liner in my trash can and it was just easier at the time. Now, multiple times throughout the day I looked at the cup and thought “I should throw that away, because I’m stupid and might forget and drink out of it.” Now it’s 11ish at night and I just finish some homework for the summer semester and I close my laptop, look to my right and think “Oh! My drink!” And probably swallow three or four gulps before I realize what’s happened. And it’s just the kind of thing the word needed to know.
901	real	Online school is hell for me/ [End Title]: \*Ignore the typo in the title lol\*   I'm a current high school senior and so far, online school has been a living hell. In the past I've never been an amazing student and I won't act like I was: in junior year I skipped class often and still barely cared about my work. But I was able to pass all my classes in the end, even including two AP Classes and passing the AP exams, and an honors Algebra 2 class. I've always taken AP Classes and Honors classes and the like to satiate my "gifted" label I've had since the beginning of my school career. But this year, I just can't do it. I was doing ok for a few weeks but right now, It's just so damn hard. I have straight F's. I can't bring myself to show up to Google Meets/Zoom calls because I've already missed so many up to this point. I'm supposed to return to in-person classes starting next month but I'm terrified as I've learned nothing (even when I was trying to learn) and won't be able to apply the little I have learned and won't be able to keep up. I am optimistic about it at the very least. As a kid who's struggled with finding internal motivation when it comes to school, online school is so difficult as it is 100% dependent on the student to get out of their bed and do something they aren't used to doing from the comfort of their home. The worst part is my parents. They're on my ass about it and being a burned-out gifted kid, I take criticism very roughly from them as my great academic performance up to the 9th grade was reliant on the fact they praised me to my intelligence, and I never had to "work hard". Their saying is always something like: "You're pretty smart right? So you're grades should reflect what you are capable of, what I know you are." and I know it's all in good intention but the fact is, sure, I may be kind of smart in certain subjects, but I've always been praised for being "smart". Never hard working, determined, none of that. Just "smart". Having a knack for things. And for some reason, my parents getting mad at me for it makes me care even less which is debilitating to the whole situation and I don't know where to even start to fix that. To me, the school system is geared more towards those who have the most determination and drive to do well, while those who aren't, regardless of how "intelligent" they might be according to whatever measurement, struggle.
683	real	My teacher is a bully [End Title]: My teacher is a fucking bully  I am currently a junior in high school. Recently, I had to write this artist research for my art class. I spent so much time researching and refining my writing to ensure that I get a decent grade on this.  Today, I get pulled outside of art class by my art teacher. She asked me a specific question regarding what I wrote. I was so taken aback by it. I finished this assignment last week; it was already at the back of my head.   She then took me to her computer and questioned me on what I wrote. I was able to answer every question she asked about the report (because I actually wrote it) except for this specific part that I forgot I even wrote about. She asked: “did someone else write it for you? How come you don’t know this (specific part)?”   At this point I was fuming. How dare she accuse me of not doing my own work, especially since she doesn’t have any evidence that I didn’t write the assignment. Also, I don’t remember because I wrote some part of the assignment like a month ago. I remember some parts well because I just finished it last week!   She submitted it to turn it in and the plagiarism percentage was 9%, but the parts that I copied was quoted properly. A research assignment is supposed to be matching with other sources anyway.   She is such an asshole. She was the biggest bully this school year. In this art class, she hasn’t taught a single thing; she did not even draw a stroke on the blackboard. This assignment weighed heavily in the grade book; it was a time consuming assignment. She literally set the deadline right before AP exams, the time that I am the most busy. Only one person in the whole class turned this in and she accused us of not working hard. Everyone then turned in this assignment after the deadline. This just goes to show how unreasonable her due date was.  Besides her lack of expertise in art, she gets off on giving others terrible grades. She doesn’t give “advice” before I turn the project in and I only see what her criticisms after I turn it in, which is already too late.  The main issue here is that she doesn’t even have any evidence to show that I did not do the work. She does not think that I plagiarized; she thinks that someone else did the work for me, which is so infuriating because how do you want me to prove that I did the work on my own. Also, she only accused me of this. She did not question anyone else except me.   Literally, what the hell did I do wrong. Am I not allowed to take time to polish an assignment and to write well? Now she asked my English teacher to write her an email to vouch for my language proficiency because she thinks that I am too stupid to write it on my own. My English teacher has seen my assignments before and she can vouch that I am capable of writing what I submitted.   This whole year has been a shit show. Just when I think the school year is coming to a nice end, this lady pulls this crap on me. This woman has caused so much depression and annoyance this entire school year and I can’t wait to say goodbye to this fucking woman
70	real	I hate everything obout our society,and myself. [End Title]: The western world has become so debased from any form of morality.people care little obout anyone execpt their selves,so much so that the second some one is in trouble or injured people pull out their phones and record instead  of helping. There is no protection of innocence,the most precious among us are subjected by forms of sexual depravity from all angles,and it is treated like a moral good and like it being inclusive. People celebrate destroying there offsprings chance to live like it is the greatest freedom afforded to man.i hate how hateful everone is to everyone,no one can put aside their differneces and be cordial, everyones always at eachothers throats all the damn time. I hate how jealous everyone is of hard work and wish ill upon those who apply themselves. I hate people who cheat at life and live luzurious lives while hard workers are left behind. I hate how reliant everone is on the goverment and not on themselves.i hate how beimg a sentient fleshlight is seen as empowering woman.i hate cops and military personal who act too chaveinistic. I hate that gansters are deifiyed whith music, when they make peoples lives hell.i hate people who dont apreciate the beauty of our world. I hate myself for being such a cynical perverted hypocritic asshole who hasnt contributed anything to this world. I hate that i care so much about everthing and how little i care obout my own life. I hate how i act like the arbitur of morality when i know how degenerate i am. I wish i could stop feeling so deeply obout everything, i wish i could change everything obout myself and everthing else and hate feeling this way. I find it so hard justifying my existence and the fact that im here confuses me and pisses me off. I desperatly want to see the good in the world,but i just cant. I want to see iliving as  a gift from god but all i see is good people suffering and evil people thriving. Anyway thanks for listening to my pathetic rant ik it was probaly extremly cringey.
936	real	Eating healthy is exhausting and emotionally taxing. [End Title]: I recently changed my diet because my blood pressure was getting a bit high and I really don't want to be on medication. A full lifestyle change along with exercise and herbal tea has actually worked and I'm averaging about 117/74.  But it's so much freaking work. Constantly checking labels, doing math, keeping up with apps, being afraid to eat at restaurants, forcing myself to eat foods I hate but know are good for me. The constant planning, cooking, prepping, separating my foods from everyone elses. I know "it gets better" and know "it's worth it" but like... Is it? Whole grain anything tastes just bad. I hate salmon but I keep eating it. No fruit in this world will ever be as good as a donut. I'm not morbidly obese btw. Overweight a bit, but like, really average overall. I have panic disorder, which is what was jacking up my BP, and it makes me obsessive, so even bad stuff in moderation stresses me out. Like, the occasional treat everyone in this world is entitled will have me ruminating over my demise for days. I tried dark chocolate. It's so freaking terrible. HOW DO YOU PEOPLE LIKE THESE THINGS?? For the record, I love vegetables. I love fruit. Exercise isn't the worst. I like being generally healthy. But living the way we're technically supposed to, following the dietary guidelines, getting enough nutrients and vitamins and servings and all that shit, it's grueling. I keep asking myself if it's worth all of this. I guess I should mention I work 10 hours a day too. I don't have a ton of free time, and all of it currently revolves around my eating habits.  I just want some ramen guys.
813	real	I get irritated at my teenage daughter because she's lazy and makes stupid mistakes. The reason I get irritated is because I was like that as a teen and I just don't want her to be like me. [End Title]: It probably took me until my late-20s before i started being a more responsible adult.  I have some regrets of my wasted years. I didn't take college seriously.  Never had money.  Didn't have any good relationships.  I finally wised up and went back to school.   Got a good job and happily married.  My only hope is that she doesn't have to go through the same heartache has me.
818	real	Another depressive episode [End Title]: This is basically a self-pitying rant. If anyone has advice I'd greatly appreciate it but I'm just seeking to let this out.  It's a Friday night and I'm sitting here in my room watching a show on hulu. There's a scene that comes on where the couple in that show have passionate and emerging sex and it made me realize how much I miss that. I wouldn't say I'm in a DB, at least I know my boyfriend wouldn't say so. It's been 3 weeks now since the last time we had basically pity sex. Between us I am definitely the one with the higher drive and he says I pressure him too much but we're so young. He is 21 and I'm 19. I feel horrible for even getting turned on to the point where I feel physically sick.  Not only that's going downhill but I am doing horribly in school. At 16 I had the opportunity to start university early, so now I am currently a senior about to graduate.i switched majors several times because I don't know what to do since I got rejected from the only career I was interested in. I didn't make the cut for the nursing program and now every time I see the nursing students around campus in their scrubs I feel a pain in my chest knowing all those years I spent preparing myself to enter the program were useless. I can't apply anywhere else because this is the only university close to home, where I have to stay to take care of my mom.  I am so jealous of everyone. My boyfriend is extremely jealous and doesn't allow me to hang out with friends often, which would be fine except he is so busy he doesn't have time for me either.  I am driving myself crazy with school, family, and relationship problems. I try to talk to him about it and all he can say is "I'm sorry I'm trying" which I genuinely dont think he is. He made more of an effort to keep a girl he used to have a thing with in his life even after we got together than to make sure I and we are good. I can't stop looking at her social media and it's driving me crazy.  I miss feeling wanted. Smart. Desired. Sexy. Attractive. Funny. Worthwhile even. I can't even go to my therapist anymore because she only consults during the times I am either at school or work and I can't afford anything else.  All I want is to go to sleep and never wake up again.
791	real	I’m a straight guy who loves painting his toes.. am I weird? [End Title]: http://imgur.com/VbTcnXs
957	real	How do I fix this? [End Title]: So , there is this girl that I like , I am 100% sure she also likes me . But there is a problem , every time we talk , our conversations are awkward , every time I get close to her and want to start a conversation , I just forget everything in seconds and my brain goes empty. The same goes for her , how can we fix that?
292	real	I'm in love with my best friend who's in a relationship [End Title]: I love her. I've said I love you to her so many times. She's said I love you too just as much.   Whenever I help her get through something, she thanks me for being her friend, for being there. I reply "always", because I'll always love her.  I'm just 19 years old and I've just begun on this journey we call college. There's so much I want to experience. I want to experience a relationship. I want to experience the love that comes after friendship for I have never felt it's touch.  The thing is I know I'll always be in love with her. She's had a boyfriend for 2 years and she's always been just a friend, but we've become so close. She's the best friend I've ever had. She helps me get through life. I'm so happy she's in my life.  ...but I can't be in love with her, it's not right. How am I supposed to move forward knowing she'll always be in the back of my mind? How am I supposed to explain to a girlfriend why I tell my best friend I love her constantly, why I call her late in the night, woken by a nightmare?  Earlier it was clear to me. I couldn't love anyone but her, but now I've met someone else, and it's no longer so black and white. I'm just confused. I'm confused how to continue. I'm confused how to start loving someone else.  I'm confused how to love in this complicated world.
213	real	a rant about vaccinations [End Title]: i don’t understand people who are going into the medical field/are in the the military throwing a fit when their job basically requires them to get vaccinated. as far as medical field jobs go, you’re not required to be vaccinated, but you’re gonna have a difficult time finding a hospital or medical facility willing to let you come in close contact with patients &amp; work with them. it’s a sucky choice, but it IS a choice. as far as military members being required to be vaccinated, what did you think you signed up for??? you go in knowing the government can require you to get any &amp; every vaccine as long as it’s FDA approved (&amp; sometimes not—looking at you anthrax vax). i get wanting medical freedom, but you can’t ask for that when you knowingly join a job that doesn’t really allow that. it’s such a selfish mentality to not want to be vaccinated to help keep those you work with safe.
330	real	I regret moving to another country for work [End Title]: Moved to another country for work, didn’t pay as much as the country I was at but the benefits were good and the company is huge.   However, my director (I’m a manager) keeps breathing down my neck, micro managing my every move. It’s crystal clear he has no experience managing people. On his previous job he was an engineer at google. Every other phrase he says, “I come from google” or “I know I came from google”. Makes me wanna print google logo, do a little roll and shove it up his ass.  I made my OKRs but he keeps nitpicking on the positioning of words, he made me re-work on it 4 times, it’s driving me nuts.  I just wanna say, “man fuck you and your googley ass, if you were that good you’d be a director at google not a startup”.  I don’t even know what to do here. I’m very unhappy and it’s like my second month. I dread having to do 1:1 with him because he’ll keep saying how wrong I’m with everything and will start drawing basic shit on the whiteboard without truly assessing what I’m doing, just guessing from a single word, and then will proceed to tell me how to walk and breathe.
888	real	If you have no trouble with relationships you aren’t allowed to have low self esteem [End Title]: Just had a friend complain to me about how he feels he’s “low value.” In looks  Despite being 6’2 godlike jaw, immaculate skin, toned, and perfectly sympathetic face.  Even outside of looks fuck you levels off confidence which he has probably gained firm his looks.   Like he must have just been trying to rub it in to me right?   Like he has no problem attracting women in fact he literally regularly needs to tell women he has a girlfriend.   And I’m over here autistic, 5’6 ugly and have never had any women show the slightest interest in my 22 years alive.
602	real	Existential Crisis/Dread [End Title]: The world would be okay if I didn’t exist or if I disappeared - does anyone else feel this way? I feel somewhat selfish for thinking this. I don’t always have a negative headspace, but it’s been hard recently. I can’t help but feel unloved and like no one truly cares about me. Those that say that they do care about me never show it, which doesn’t particularly help me when I’m contemplating whether or not I actually matter in this world or lifetime. I feel guilty for feeling this way. I have a good job and am able to support myself as a young adult, independently. For more context, I’m a registered nurse at a large teaching hospital. I work in the operating room, so I haven’t had to take care of many covid patients, unless they require immediate or emergency surgical interactions.   Even though I’m considered “successful” by family and friends, that doesn’t erase the fact that I feel absolutely worthless. I know that this probably won’t get read by many of you, but I just needed to type this out. I’m currently laying in bed try to get rid of the thought that if I died today, everyone around me would be okay and carry on as usual. Life is hard and fucking sucks sometimes.
900	real	My grandfather [End Title]: This is something I've never talked about to anyone before. I'm 19. When I was around 7 years old my grandfather started molesting me. It went on for about 3-4 years and I never told anyone. I was embarrassed and scared I would get in trouble I guess. He's still alive and it makes me sick when my father talks about him or I see him commenting on his dad's facebook. Idk I guess I just thought I'd be able to get over it one day but everytime I see a picture of him I just get sick and I wonder if he ever did that shit to any other kids in the family. He told me what the meaning of the word fuck was when I was a kid and he used to drive passed a place with exotic dancers and he'd tell me about it even though I was a literal child. This man is violently Christian too. Used to make me watch tv with him on Sunday about Jesus and they'd take me to church. When I told him I wasn't sure about Christianity he kind of got mad and told me Jesus didn't accept "sitting on the fence". I never did become a Christian obviously. I don't know why this still gets to me it happened so long ago. I guess I'm just worried that maybe he's still doing it. Everytime I see him in person I just get so fucking angry and no one in my family understands why I hate him so much. "Give your grandpa a call and say thank you for the birthday money" "give your grandpa a hug" like I don't want any contact with him. I know my dad would hate himself if I told him what happened, and Im not sure what he'd do to my grandpa. Just the thought of telling my family what happened and confronting him is horrifying. It'd ruin my dad's relationship with his dad for one (with good reason but still I don't want to be responsible for that) and I mean it would just tear the family apart I guess. Idk thanks for reading I guess
835	real	I can’t stop myself [End Title]: I need to confess. I have to. I can’t stop myself. I have I need to confess. I have too. I can’t stop myself. I have a problem and it’s beginning to affect me. I have the need/urge to cheat. I have never physically, but I have by text, email and live chat.  I can’t stop. I love the turn on, I love the chase, I love the feeling of it. But I hate the guilt, I hate the after feeling. I promise myself I will stop, stop cold. But it always creeps back. Looking at online porn, chatting with ladies. It’s a terrible thing.  My guilt overcomes me. But I always go back. Someday I’ll get caught. And then maybe I’ll learn my lesson.   The worst part is I have made good friends from this. They only know me online, but we have a trust that is immense.  I can’t picture my life without some of these people.  They have become integral parts of my everyday existence.   I am terrible, I know it. You don’t have to tell me that.  But don’t judge me completely. You haven’t walked in my shoes.   One day karma will get me. I know it. And I will deserve it.  Maybe someday things will change. Maybe. But until then, I will continue. First for the friendship, second for the thrill. a problem and it’s beginning to affect me. I have the need/urge to cheat. I have never physically, but I have by text, email and live chat.  I can’t stop. I love the turn on, I love the chase, I love the feeling of it. But I hate the guilt, I hate the after feeling. I promise myself I will stop, stop cold. But it always creeps back. Looking at online porn, chatting with ladies. It’s a terrible thing.  My guilt overcomes me. But I always go back. Someday I’ll get caught. And then maybe I’ll learn my lesson.   The worst part is I have made good friends from this. They only know me online, but we have a trust that is immense.  I can’t picture my life without some of these people.  They have become integral parts of my everyday existence.   I am terrible, I know it. You don’t have to tell me that.  But don’t judge me completely. You haven’t walked in my shoes.   One day karma will get me. I know it. And I will deserve it.  Maybe someday things will change. Maybe. But until then, I will continue. First for the friendship, second for the thrill.
87	real	Holidays are too stressful [End Title]: For a relaxing holiday...it ain’t.
651	real	Every man lets me down [End Title]: Every man I date..even the man I was once married to has let me down. Perhaps I have unrealistic expectations. He told me he was going out tonight with his friends. I don’t have any friends in the area. I’ll just stay home and drink a bottle of wine by myself. I had a really bad day at work today. He wasn’t home when I came home. Am I too reliant on others to cheer me up? Why can no one live up to the expectations that I have? Am I too damaged to have a healthy relationship?
428	real	Why do men date women they don’t see future with? [End Title]: But claim they love her
202	real	Im watching him burn from afar and its killing me. [End Title]: Hes someone I used to be friends with, he cut me off when he found out Im actually into him and gay. I still see him every day since we live in the same area and this man is NOT doing well as of lately.  Hes in a very dark place ( he lost his job, hes got no money, no girlfriend, no family, there nobody to look after him, he lives alone) and its taking a toll on his mental health, hes losing it!  Can you imagine the pain of watching someone slowly losing their mind and you cant interfere because they dont want you in their life???  This might sound over the top, but I love him more than anyone and I cant bear this mess...this situation is affecting me as much and I dont see a way out of this
841	real	How to sleep with you straight best friend. [End Title]: Hello everyone so lately I have noticed a fuck load of posts coming up saying that if your friend is straight then just move on theres plenty of fish in the sea blah blah, even tho everyone is entitled to there opinion I don't think there necessarily right. I myself was a straight lad for 17 years never once thought of being with a guy and had previously turned down a couple gay guys, I ended up breaking up with my girlfriend about a year later and 1 night I got drunk with my straight best friend (also single) and then next thing ya knw im riding his dick🤣 just goes to show somtimes it can happen... I have actually slept with 2 of my closest mates both identifying themselves as STRAIGHT. I'm still single and msging 4 different guy's about having some NSA fun all of which identify themselves as straight and guess what they all have a best friend out there who doesn't know about it. So if you have a straight best friend who is single and u have a crush on, then give it the good old college try if they really are ur best friend then either way they should respect you for telling them and let you know how they feel in return😊
542	real	How to handle a mutually agreed split [End Title]: Me and my partner recently realized our relationship will be coming to an end soon. We both have feelings for each other and have property together, and it's been a very weird scenario to be in. We both have had instances of weakness where we lean too heavily on each other for mental/emotional support during this time. We keep having second thoughts, but I/sometimes we think it's the best thing for the both of us. How should we handle living together till the event that drives us apart happens? I really love this person, but getting close and being there for them feels like I'm pressuring them to stay. I'm at a loss on what to do and there are multiple months till this event happens.
467	real	My friend is being bullied and I don't know what to do [End Title]: So my friend bikes on her way to school and there is always this group of guys shouting at her. But recently they started getting physical and I want to help her but I don't know how. Anyone have some tips?
435	fake	I fucked my friend’s gf. [End Title]: Had to do it to em
939	real	I feel like it’s my fault I wasn’t able to say no when I should’ve. [End Title]: This is an older situation that happened a little over a year ago but I would like some input and advice about the situation.  So here’s a bit of background, in seventh grade I had a friend who I was really close to at the time and I had just gotten out of a relationship. We both wanted cuddles and overall physical affection. So I asked her if we could be friends with benefits without sexual behavior because I wasn’t really comfortable with that. She agreed with the boundary limits. So we became FWB. It was good for awhile, until she started pushing my boundary limits. I didn’t directly tell her to stop because I knew she was emotionally unstable and i got worried that if I called her out she would get upset. So I would try to get out of the situation. For example one time we were laying in bed watching a movie, which I was thoroughly enjoying, and she started to sexually rub on me and such and I sat up straight and moved over and said “are you hungry? Let’s get some food”. And I would come up with many... excuses.  Around that time I was terrified of anything remotely sexual. Like okay I was in a few fandoms at the time and I would Role play on the occasion (over text) and I would be able to talk my talk but as soon as anyone would say anything or try to do anything to me in person I would break down and cry. (My friend was reading a really intimate fanfic at one point and I started crying). To this day i don’t know why. Maybe a week or so later into this FWB my friend asked me out and I politely declined and I told her I mainly saw her as a friend and I wasn’t really comfortable with how things were going as friends with benefits. She asked why and I told her about her pushing my boundaries and such. A day or so later she starts texting me and she sent my a picture of pills. I panic and I try calling her to try to keep her awake, I alerted her other friend to call her mother and to tell her to talk our friend to the hospital. I don’t talk to this said friend anymore but while she was in the mental hospital I visited her to tell her how I was sorry.  Flip forward to sophomore year. I have these two friends Q and A I’ll call them for this post. They were my first friends in high school. I didn’t know anybody else from my middle school who went to here so I was extremely lonely. Later into the year I started dating H. Our relationship was really toxic but it lasted for nine months until I broke it off. After that I started dating this girl Ash I was really happy. This was the start of sophomore year, I still stayed in contact with H because I felt bad for hurting her. She wanted to kill herself because of me so I would let her come over and vent about anything she needed. I hug her when she would start crying to comfort. At one point she misread me hugging her as my sending signals. She started getting really touchy and I told her we shouldn’t, that we couldn’t. She pushed for it anyway and ignored me. It got too far than it should’ve because after I realized she ignored me saying no I zoned out. Just thinking about the consequences of saying no but of also not doing anything. I started panicking. I realized what was going on but I couldn’t quite do anything. I told Ash what happened and I told her how I got and she understood. That was when I decided to cut H out of my life. Worst part was how she openly talked about how she “took advantage of me”. To this day I don’t really know if that’s what that would be considered as.   Later into sophomore year when I started hanging out with Q and A more we had inside jokes where we’d fake flirt and such with each other and it wasn’t just with them it was with the entire friend group as well and it was a normal thing to me. Ash was well informed about this and didn’t mind since she knew I didn’t have feelings for them. They ( Q and A) started getting really sexually touchy with me and at first I thought it was a joke. Until it started getting too far. Every time it happened I’d zone out (I’ve been told it seems like I was dissociating) and after I’d run out of the room and cry. Every time I’d tell ash because I didn’t want her thinking that was what I wanted. Because it wasn’t. I was scared of saying no because I didn’t want them being mad at me or being so upset they would want to hurt themselves because of me. They were my first friends in high school and part of me was scared that if I said no it would ruin the friendship. But I didn’t want it either. Over time ash helped me get away from situations when it would start happening. I told Q how I got and how I wasn’t comfy and he stopped. A, however, didn’t. I had to threaten our friendship to get her to stop and she resented me for it for awhile.  Now into junior year. I questioned on if I liked A because i overthought why I couldn’t say no. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense to me at the time. But I thought I liked A because I couldn’t say no?? Which typing this out now makes me think of how much of a dumbass I was my junior year but that was what I thought at the time. I told ash because I have a very guilty consciences and I can’t hide things very well. She took it okay. Over the next month I met a friend D, I couldn’t figure out if I liked him as a friend or more. It bothered me for weeks but I told ash that too and asked if we could try being poly. I thought the reason I was sad all the time was due to lack of physical romance. She said she was fine with trying anything once so we did. About few weeks pass and I noticed I don’t feel romantic for D it was platonic. But during that time of trying to figure it out I wasn’t exactly focusing on ash. Which wasn’t great. Before I was able to break up with D, ash left.  Towards the end of junior year. I’m no longer with D and haven’t been for a few months. I started liking this girl J who lived in Oregon. she wasn’t ready to date and I understood but we still talked romantically for a few months because I was willing to wait for her. Well around this time my ex H convinced me she changed and she started hanging out with my friend group. It really did appear to me that she changed so I believed her and we went back to being friends from enemies. A little after she tried to be sexual with me. I said no! For the first time I was able to say no. I told j how proud I was of myself of saying no and she said she was grateful I respected her like that but she wouldn’t have done the same even if we were dating because it would be long distance.   Anyways yeah sorry this post was so long I just wanted to know different perspectives and ideas. And if it really is my fault? I feel like I should mention I’m with someone absolutely wonderful now. He treats me like a king and we haven’t had any problems.
277	real	I fantasise about killing anyone [End Title]: Who bites the fork when they eat.  You don’t need to bite the fucking fork, that’s what your lips are for.  It is the most horrid noise on the face of the earth and I needed to get this off my chest before I get put in prison (figuratively speaking, but not really, I will kill you)  Thanks Reddit.
624	real	I (24F) just applied for college for the second time [End Title]: I went to college for a couple of years after I graduated high school. I had no idea what I wanted to do, so naturally I didn't do very well in my harder classes. I've never been very good at school, particularly in classes that I wasn't interested in.   Because I wasn't doing well in some of my classes and I lacked direction, I decided to take time off to work when I was 19. I ended up in a professional job and I've been doing well. I make over $60K a year, but I don't really like my job. It's okay, just pretty boring and not really my cup of tea.   I recently attended a mini studies at the college in my area (paid for by my job) and one of the classes was on child welfare. I found it incredibly interesting and even bought some books suggested by the professor.   I've been so nervous at the idea of applying somewhere. I like the benefits I have of working full time and I am in a good position salary wise right now. I know the likelyhood of reaching the same salary I can make if I continue my current job if I switch to a social workers job is low but I honestly think I would be happier doing that kind of work. I'm nervous about the cost for college too. Right now I have very minimum debt. I keep thinking "what if it isn't worth it or I don't like it or I don't do well in classes?" I have no idea how to handle financial aid or if I can even afford school without it. I want to apply for scholarships but I've never done that before either.   My sister and my boyfriend both gave me a push and I decided to at least apply. It will be an online program as the schools near me don't have the program I want and I want to continue to work full time if possible. I am so scared I won't get accepted. I'm scared I will get accepted. I haven't told my parents because I'm worried what they will think about my choice. My mom has been pushing me to go back to school but I have a feeling she won't approve of the degree.   I just feel like such a bundle of nerves and I had to get it off my chest.
281	real	I am such a clown [End Title]: I rejected somebody when they wanted to kiss me (this was months ago) and know that I heard that he is in a relationship with somebody, I started to feel this wave of jealousy. I was really pissed off, because I thought that it could've been me if I wouldn't have been such an idiot then. I really don't understand myself anymore.
661	real	I lost a crucifix my dad gave me and my grandpa gave it to him, but my grandpa has passed away [End Title]: My dad never mentions the crucifix so I don’t know if he cares about it a lot, but I feel so bad about it because he loved his dad and I miss my grandpa. I just need to let someone know. If anyone has any ideas on what I should do, thank you.
897	real	Saw a comment on Taobao when I was browsing chest binders for my friend who was looking into ftm and it broke my heart [End Title]: I was looking for cheaper chest binders for my friend who can’t afford one from amazon and long story short, there’s a questions &amp; answers section on Taobao product pages, where you can post answers to have people who have purchased the item to answer. One of the questions asked if the chest binder would permanently change breast shape, and the top answer was “I wore this for three years and yes it did change my breast shape, but I would rather have this than suffer the disgusting looks my male classmates have been giving me”.  Idk. It breaks my heart to see that people are using chest binders for this reason and I feel really bad for this person. This makes me very sad and I think that’s enough Taobao for today. Might delete this later so I won’t be reminded of this when I see my post history.
731	real	My dog is terrified of me. [End Title]: I gave her some good ol' behind the ear scratchins this morning and I guess I hit a tender spot. She yelped really loud and ran and now anytime she sees me she cowers in fear.  This dog is my fucking universe, and I hate that shes afraid of me.
843	real	(M17) While at my birthday dinner tonight I seen this gorgeous specimen [End Title]: But thats not the confession. The confession is, he was a guy I went to middle school with. Welp another year denying my attraction to men ;-;
32	real	I'm a pretty quiet guy, but I much prefer talking in person or phone than messaging/texting. [End Title]: I'm not very talkative, but if given the option to talk to someone face to face or message them, I much prefer talking face to face. I feel it's much easier to convey expression that way, and I find replying to messages more stressful than just talking to the person, so I spend ages bothering to reply. Maybe I am just lazy...
398	real	I think you were one of my soulmates. But my selfishness ruined everything. [End Title]: We went to rival highschools, your friends were friends with mine. My friends didn't want me to meet your friend group, their fear being that I would tear things apart was always on their mind.    But then there was that Summer night, I met you down in the country at a mutual friends pub.. I don't know what came over me but, I couldn't help but go in for a hug. I had this insane feeling that I was being thrust toward you, before I even knew what your name was. I instantly felt a connection.   For weeks afterward we hung out together in large groups at parties growing closer every time. Despite it being obvious, that all of my friends had a crush on you, you weren't interested. After a few weeks we were inseparable, my friends furious we ended up together our friendship group fell apart. A rift formed between my friends and I was outcast from my group. I was going through a rough patch with the end of highschool and my toxic family, I was stuck in a hard place. You were kind and caring and looked after me. Our friends no doubt made bets on how long we would be together.  Even though I was a mess, and I was outcast, you chose me. For the next nine years we grew together, I loved you more and more everyday. As time went on I felt like we didn't age and time together stood still, that forever would never have been long enough with you.     One day, my dream to move abroad was a potential reality. A discussion we had from the moment we met. But you were never decided on whether or not you wanted to go and so I chose to go without you.  My biggest fear would be that I would resent you if I didn't go. I didn't want to live a life of what ifs. You never wanted to travel or expressed any interest. And so I went. I packed up my life from what we built together and left.    It was the hardest thing I ever did leaving you behind. I cried for weeks. We agreed to try long distance, but you never decided if you wanted to join me. It felt like you didn't put in any effort, at the time I didn't know you were depressed and with the uncertainty and lack of effort I broke up with you.    For the next few months I was hurt. I went into the arms of others and hurt myself. Eventually you did move abroad, to be with me. But you never said anything. It didn't feel like you wanted to be with me and as I was still hurting myself, I didn't  know what I wanted. I cried myself to sleep the night I picked you up from the airport and ran to hug you, I told you I missed you and you said we should get going. I thought you didn't miss me.   I wish I put more effort into spending time with you whilst you were here. I deeply regret this with every part of my being. We ended up moving a street away from each other, less than a five minute walk. Unplanned and uncoordinated. I look back now and realise things do happen for a reason. But we were both too stubborn to admit it.  You ended up leaving to go back home. It hurt beyond belief losing you again. It wasn't until you left that I found out you were depressed and I didn't  know you were holding on to the hope of us.     I was crushed that not knowing the weight my actions would hold. It pains me every night to know that I hurt you. It pains me everyday, to know what you went through. And I will never forgive myself for as long as I will live.  Because the moment you walked through the gate, and didn't turn back was the moment I realised.     Forever wouldn't have been long enough with you.    But, I know we will never be together.
129	real	my dad and i [End Title]: me and my dad don't really have a relationship. he's around yea, but it feels like he hates me. i know i shouldn't be complaining because many people don't have dads but i cant help but wish i was the same.   we used to be close when i was younger but now i don't think i can have any sort of conversation with him. he seems to get angry at everything i do, even when its not my fault. he makes side comments about my body and how i'm gaining weight. i just don't feel comfortable around him. maybe this is normal, for any teenage girl to go through but sometimes i wish things went back to the way they were.
126	real	I don’t have the energy anymore to explain to people why they should get the COVID vaccine [End Title]: I’m extremely fortunate to work in a position (not in a hospital) for a facility that offered the COVID vaccines to my department back around Christmas. I got vaccinated as soon as I was eligible at my job. Most of my coworkers haven’t, and they don’t want to.  I just... we are a year into this pandemic. We have been waiting for this vaccine since the entire freaking globe went into quarantine. Multiple regulatory agencies, with the literal smartest brains money can buy, have finally developed something. Numerous heads of state, government officials, health workers, important fucking people, have gotten this vaccine or are on the waiting list.  I don’t care that “your friend in healthcare” or “someone you know” said they’re waiting/they didn’t get it/they don’t think it’s safe.  Yeah, it’s not perfect. Yes, they might develop a better one at some point. Yup, I will probably need a booster in 6 months, a year, whatever. Sure, there could be side effects of this vaccine that we don’t know about (which I’m sorry, there is no way they will be worse than the long term effects of COVID or the soul sucking depressive mental state I, and I’m sure many others, have been trudging through)  But god damn, I’m tired of this COVID shit. I’m tired of only speaking to 2-3 people all day (if I’m lucky). I’m tired of being scared to be around people. I’m tired of stressing about my relatives, my friends, my loved ones. I want this to be over.   Don’t you? Don’t you want to this to be over? Don’t you want to be able to come go back to some kind of normal?  So can someone please explain what. the. actual. fuck. are you waiting for?    Please don’t message me with anti-vax bullshit. Im not open for discussion; I do not want to hear you opinion on this; I do not care what sources you send me. I will delete and block you so fast without even bothering to finish the first sentence.
341	real	I was never in love with my partner. [End Title]: tw: suicide mention td;lr at the bottom.  My partner(they/them), was my childhood best friend until I told them about my trauma with leaving them. As I've been in a relationship with them I realize that they only use me as a vent. I'm okay with listening to them and consoling them but anytime I bring up some sort of problem on my end they leave the conversation immediately.  Although if I were to break up with them I would be scared my partner would kill themself.  But, the truth is I never were really attracted to them sure they're my friend but I wish I kept it that way. Especially because I'm only interested in men and I tried to be interested in them (they're genderfluid) but,,, it didn't work out.   I think I also need to work on my trauma related to them and putting down boundaries before I'm in a relationship. Plus I don't think it was smart to get into a relationship after opening up to them about my trauma.   Td;lr: I tried to be attracted to my partner, I wasn't and now I'm scared to break up with them as they might kill themself.
441	real	I think I’m hitting my wall... [End Title]: I’m just learning how to use Reddit so bear with me...  I know this past year has been absolute garbage for everyone. And I saw a phrase saying “everyone needs more than anyone can give at this point” which I fully understand. But I’m starting to crack and need something to shift in my favor soon. In October of 2019 my husband and I moved from the city we were living in to our hometown (we grew up about 15 mins apart) with our infant daughter. We moved due to access to childcare and our respective jobs allowed for it. However my job was a private practice where one partner kind of screwed us over and we decided it would be easier to dissolve. This was not an easy decision for me as i had JUST come off of maternity leave and was dealing with the general roller coaster of becoming a new mom on top of it. But overall it made sense so I was ok with it. We also had a big business opportunity to partner in with a major restaurant in a resort area. I could use it to promote my other business and generally build a new beginning together. My husband sucks with money and I just finished a doctoral program so we’re a little underwater with debt and this was the ticket out. We had two iterations of the deal fall through and had contracts drawn up to finalize it along with a cute rental house we loved until we could buy something when.... Covid hit. Long story short we didn’t rent the house as we were staying at my MIL’s to save money since we didn’t know what would happen and didn’t sign with the restaurant for the same reason. However we agreed to move forward in good faith and get it open and then we would renegotiate after the summer.   And then everything really went to shit. My husband, who has never handled stress well, basically imploded with it. We moved into an apt above the restaurant bc it was cheap which would make the second move in a year into a temporary place with a baby. This is a higher end restaurant with a lot of entitled clientele who were even worse than usual. Our sweet girl completely stopped sleeping so between working and her I was living on 3 broken hours of sleep/night. My husband completely went off the rails and began fighting with me on everything and trying to make me feel like I wasn’t working hard enough when I was the night care taker for our daughter, responsible for her during the day and getting her to one of our parents for childcare, opening my practice and working at the restaurant at night all while not sleeping. When the restaurant closed for the season I left and went to my parents house to get some space and have been there since. I’m grateful to be have a place to go but that comes with its own issues as it’s a small house, they don’t have a good marriage and my father snd I are on opposite ends of the political spectrum. My husband and I are now getting a divorce. I had a potential place to move into for the summer that was cheap to give me some breathing room but that may not work out. Since I haven’t been working due to finishing my doctoral program, having my daughter, covid and having to start my business from scratch again during a pandemic I’m strapped for cash for the first real time in my life. I feel like the rug just keeps getting ripped out from under me and while I do recognize that things happen for a reason at this point I just need a fucking break.   If you’ve made it this far.. thanks for hanging in there
820	real	I don’t think like has anything to offer anymore at my age [End Title]: 33  Things are baked in at this point. I’m still single; no house, no kids. Nothing. I can’t even afford my own place anymore. I have no motivation to wake up  I wake up, go to work, a tedious and repetitive job dealing with rich people I barely have to put my brain into 2nd gear to do, eat lunch alone at my desk, go home after sitting in traffic, eat dinner and go to sleep after watching TV. On weekends I buy groceries and do chores.  I don’t really have any friends, and the ones I have live far away and are busy with their kids and houses. None of my coworkers talk to me.   Life has nothing to offer me anymore. Work; 2 weeks off a year, and then I die. There is no wonder left. I don’t have the money to retire early and have experiences. I don’t have the time to do anything now.
764	real	About my mother's childhood. [End Title]: So, as the title says, this is about my mothers childhood. Even though I didn't experience anything that she did, it hurts me very much mentally, knowing what she went through. My psychologist says it's caused a lot of trauma, and because of that, I have issues letting my mom be an adult. Somehow I think that I'm the one that needs to protect her, just because I care and worry so much about her, due to her past. Anyways, to the point.  My mother's biological mother was a drug addict, alcoholic, and has never worked a day in her damn life. She got money through prostitution, and got pregnant with my mom when fucking a band member of a popular band in our country. My grandmother would fuck anyone, if they were in a band. She hated my mom, she saw her as a burden that ruined her life, even though it wasn't her fault that her mom got pregnant with her. She did all kinds of drugs during her pregnancy, and when my mother was born, she was physically , and mentally abused. When my mother was around 12 months, my grandmother would get pliers, and rip her toenails out. To this day, my mom can pull her toenails out of her toes, ( they grew back, of course. ).  She abused her in all kinds of ways, told her she was worthless, a mistake, etc. She would hit her if she got home from school late, and while in school, she would get hit. This was during the 70s, so teachers were allowed to hit the kids. My mother's grandmother tried to get my mother into foster care, and a couple (that I now call my actual grandparents) were interested in taking care of them. But in my home country, you get money from the state every month per kid, so my grandmother wasn't going to allow anyone to take my mother away from her. She lied, saying that she was sober, and never abused my mother. The police believed her every time, and my mother tried to run away to her foster parents several times. She moved out when she was 16, and got her first kid at 20. When she got her second kid at 23, she would take cocaine, just so she could manage 2 jobs at the same time, to take care of my siblings. They lived in a tiny apartment, with no bedroom, so all 3 slept on the livingroom floor. It was tiny, literally super tiny.   My mom has several issues caused by her past abuse, including a shit ton of PTSD. I can't hug her for more than 5 seconds, and not tightly either, because then she freaks out. She doesn't remember why, so she can't get help. She also has fybromealgia, so as a child she would stop playing with me in parks quite early, so I had to grow up quite fast, mentally. She also suffers from severe panic attacks, and from ages 4-10, i had to be the one helping her out, because my siblings would either have moved out or not have been home. I had to get her plastic bags, call the ambulance, or run to a neighbor for help. So when my mom coughs, I think she is having a panic attack and is having a hard time breathing, so internally I freak out a little bit. I don't remember much from my childhood, because of these events, all caused by my grandmother.   My mom has went through even more abuse than I know about, but this is all she has told me.
80	real	Fuck you, humans. [End Title]: You're illogical, inconsistent, inconsiderate, uneducable, and foolish. I hope you vanish from existence, leaving only evidence of your history for any other lifeforms who happen upon it to judge with derision. I wish I could give access to my mind's eye so you could know what I know. Then, you would behave differently, knowing what your behavior implies about you. You're evil to your core, and worse, you think you are good. You ignore basic lessons teachers taught us all growing up, let alone more recently developed knowledge bases. Fuck you, HR: you demand perfection from everyone else but yourselves. Fuck you, managers: you suck on thd job, but lie that you are the cause of success you didn't create, but others like me did. Fuck you all and your happiness, lives, and anything else that you stole from my sweat and thought. We don't need you. Get out of our way.
787	real	If your "beliefs," opinions, or positions are conspiracy theories and/or disinformation, then the rest of the world isn't obligated to take you seriously. [End Title]: You're not being "cancelled" if your views are taken down off of social media, and the media at large aren't "biased" for not including your absurd ideas. If you want your views to be taken into consideration, then they need to be based in objective reality. You can't throw around garbage theories like "plandemic" and "Obamagate" and then accuse everyone else of being against you when you get blown off as an idiot. You *are* an idiot, and you're disenfranchising yourself. Stop creating all of your own dumbass problems and then expecting the rest of us to care if your voice is or isn't being heard.
953	real	I just heard someone scream for help [End Title]: I'm in Japan right now, maybe 20 minutes ago I heard a young women scream for help in Japanese. It was real, she sounded really scared. I jumped up and tried to find the source of the scream, I couldn't; ran back home, told my host mother told her to call the cops, because I can't communicate with them.... and she won't. Called my advisor to call my host mom, to try and get her to make the call she still is going 'oh YOU only heard the voice, we don't know anything that can help the police;' she not calling them! I've been trying to get this person, whoever they are, at least on the radar that they need help. Even if it was only a scream, a fucking terrified blood curdling one, you have to inform the police at least so they are on alert! Meanwhile host mom is still going about her morning, getting ready for the day and i'm trying to get this girl help! Waiting for host mom to get off phone with my advisor, hopefully advisor will call me after.  &amp;#x200B;  No one else has called the police in this neighborhood, since they evidently are not here... idk what to do anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit: the police now know, and will patrol the area, but it has been almost an hour... they aren't going to find anything.
153	real	I elaborately lied to a girl so as to make her join my college [End Title]: Been a few since this, and I'm now done with my undergrad course.  Ahead of my 3rd year in college, I get a call from one of my buddies from school. Turns out one of his close friends has a younger sister who's a bit confused about whether to join College A or College B (myself being at A) and wanted to talk to someone who was studying at either of these places. My buddy asks if I'm in the mood to dole out some academic advice, and I figure sure why tf not.   A few hours later, he sends me her name and phone number so that I can drop a text. For some reason, I thought I'd check if she was on Instagram - figured I'd try to see what kinda person she was before talking to her. And yes, I was able to find her profile in less than a minute (she had a pretty unique name).  And turns out she's so fucking hot. Like jaw droppingly hot. And from her Instagram, it seemed as though she was acutely aware of the fact that she had an absolute dumptruck of an ass - and I found that very attractive. My very stoned and horny mind decided that I had to meet this girl via convincing her to join my college.  I call her in the evening, and spoke as nicely as I could about my college. Kept the focus on all the nice things about life there and smartly glossed over all the annoying and unpleasant things by using nitpicky language that left things more than open to interpretation. The conversation went really well, but I still felt that she wasn't very sure on which college to join. And that's when I decided to go all in on this.  I just straight up lied that I had a friend who had studied at College B for a year before shifting to College A and that she could talk to him. He'd obviously be able to give much better advice, having studied at both places. The idea sounded very appealing to her as well. And the next day, I got my roommate to pretend to be this guy who studied at both these colleges and totally knew that College A was the better option.  Fair play to my roommate, he was pulling out some incredibly detailed lies and elaborate stories out of his hat left, right and centre. He sold our story so fucking well and ended up talking to her for well over an hour. By the end of the phone call, it was so obvious that he had convinced her to join College A.  And yeah, that's it. She ended up joining my college. I was one of her first friends upon joining college and we stayed that way till I graduated. We even wound up sleeping with each other a couple of times during parties in college. Tbh I was kinda thinking about dating her at the time (although she never mentioned anything about it), but decided against it because I didn't exactly want to tell the truth about the circumstances of how we got to know each other.  She ended up having a pretty good time at my college. We still talk sometimes, and she occasionally makes a remark about how she's happy she chose College A and how she'll always be thankful to me for helping her make the right decision at that time. I just nod along and try very hard to hide my half embarrassed smirk.
506	real	not a fan of my life if im being honest chief [End Title]: kinda just wanna v e n t (V LONG)  ive had so many girlfriends/partners and literally almost all of them were sweethearts, they loved me, they made me feel safe and i felt like i could talk to them about any issues i was having, it felt nice knowing that someone loved me and would do anything for me. but what did i go and do? what i do best and fuck it all up.  i have such an intense fear of being abandoned that as soon as i felt the relationship was off, i broke up with them. i don't think about things before i do them and before i know it, i'm calling them a bitch/mean words to push them as far as i can away from me without meaning to. i only feel bad after i do it and then i regret it but its too late. my friends say i live in the past when it comes to relationships but how can i move on when i still love all of them? (oH YEAH, I STILL LOVE LIKE LITERALLY ALL OF THEM, if any of them wanted to get back together i would do it in a heartbeat)  i'd be lying if i said that i don't spend days sitting down imagining how things between my exes would've turned out had i not of broken up with them. (fair enough that one of them broke up with me because i refused to see her whilst she was with her friend but like, i don't get why? she only ever wanted to bring a friend when we went to meet and me being me took it, i guess, like she didn't like me but my mum says it was because she wanted me to meet her friends? idk)  and thats not even brushing the surface, i have explosive anger that gets me into physical fights with my mother because i get stressed so easily and worked up over the littlest thing. (i've noticed that i don't really show it to my friends and just get silent whilst the anger is b o I L I n g inside. why? because i don't want them to hate me or get upset because half the time the anger towards them is stupid but at the time i don't have common sense so im just like &gt;:( )   i guess i have my mum to blame for everything that i am, she raised me, she 'taught' (IF YOU CAN even call it THAT) me things, but she also made my life a fucking living hell and i hate her so much because of it. she has sexually assaulted me, beaten me COUNTLESS times (majority of these times were uncalled for, like shes beaten me my entire life for saying stupid shit like 'no' when she told me to do something) gaslighta me, guilt trips me- shes okay with my uncle taking me with him for drug runs, shes literally such a shit mother.  she claims im hard to take care of because i need more support than most teenagers my age and that my interests are weird or creepy and that 'no girls will want to date you if you have a tarantula/literally any pet other than a gerbil, guinea pig or rat/animal bones/clown dolls/ANYTHING THAT ISNT 'NORMAL' whatever that means. shes also so fucking ableist its unreal, even if she doesnt mean to be. "well...you get it, don't you? you're 'special'" i cant pronounce things properly and she feels like she NEEDS to remind me and then goes and makes fun of me in the next breath  i have a stutter that comes out when im either way too excited for my brain to catch up to my mouth or when i literally havent thought about what im going to say, i have a lisp- SHE MAKES FUN OF ME FOR BREATHING AND YELLS AT ME FOR BEING LAZY/UNMOTIVATED and then claims im giving her depression. 4 years ago, she told me she was suicidal and all because of me. when i was 6, i told her i didn't love her as a joke and what did she do? she ignored me for a week. she wouldn't look at me when we'd cross paths in the house, nothing. bearing in mind i was 6.  my dad admitted to never loving her and was only with her for that short while after i was born because of the sex, which i told her about and that sent her into a rage even though she claimed she didn't care. whilst they were dating, his grandmother died and he inherited £200 which he spent on computer parts instead of supporting his girlfriend and kid and she brought that up saying "so thats why he spent it instead of using it to support us when we were both on minimum wage and living in a small house"   my dad is a significantly better parent than my mum but has his own flaws. one being that i have always felt second place to my little sister. he doesn't even see her for like a year at a time and its all he can fucking talk about. hes able to see me whenever he wants but thats not good enough. i have always fucking been second choice to everyone and everything and i hate it, ive been raped, sexually assaulted and forced into sex with a 14 year old when i was 8 who made me eat her out and then did stuff back to me even though it felt wrong and i didnt want it, my mum let me get abducted, belittle me whenever she can, fatshame me.  she became anorexic for an entire year and lived off of vitamins and then tried to push that dangerous lifestyle on me.   and just to add a little cherry on top? my friends treat me like fucking shit. apparently according to them, everything is wrong with me. i embarass them, i'm fat, i'm loud, i talk too much, i'm weird, i'm annoying and then why i try my best to appeal to them, suddenly im 'unfunny' or 'i don't talk at all' or 'im awkward' shut the fuck up. you're supposed to be my friends, people i can turn to when shit goes tits up and you're supposed to make me feel like i am actually wanted but no. thats too hard apparently. being a decent human being is far too difficult for my friends who i have been NOTHING but loyal to and try to help whenever i can. i have dropped everything just to go and talk one of them out of suicide even when i wasnt feeling my best.  why? BECAUSE THATS WHAT FRIENDS ARE SUPPOSED TO DO. even my best friend does this shit to me - or, used to - one time he got mad at me and had a massive go about how hes tired of hearing about my mum and how shit my life is. this was a year ago, which ive stopped now. hell, ive stopped talking about my feelings and life to everyone. nobody gives a shit and ive learnt to keep it to myself. yet im still and always will be there for him no matter what because hes my best friend :(  and to be honest, the fact i'm not a serial killer or have an extreme hatred towards women is wild to me because my childhood is a recipe for that kind of shit. instead its just given me trauma, clinical depression, possible borderline personality disorder, anxiety and a whole other host of 'things' i 'might' 'have'.  so yEaH, if you read all of this then kudos man, you get 10 brownie points.  :)
489	real	As a former police officer I want to tell all of you that the crime solve rate is single digits. [End Title]:  People believe that people get got but really most of the time repeat offenders eventually get caught in the act but justice is slim. But when the public pools support the odds go way up. Example: amber alerts
942	real	$100k annual and bored out of my mind. [End Title]: Catchy title but true.  I hate my job.  I collect about $100k a year and really do little.  I know my work like the back of my hand.  I can do it in my sleep.  I am not challenged at all anymore and am so bored I watch roughly 1-2 movies everyday at my desk on Netflix or similar.  The company I work for is going through dynamic ownership changes and has a lot of issues outside where I stand that is the focal point.  Even if I told them I was bored and wanted something more challenging they are too messed up for me to be another focal point.  I know this.    The last year has been pure boredom.  I drink during lunch almost everyday just to get through it.  I have two options really.  Keep going and maybe lose my mind or go find something more challenging and make less wage.  It’s been about a year and am seriously losing all satisfaction full circle as a result.
382	real	I hate square necks [End Title]: I have a disgusted fascination with certain types of garments. Overalls, square neck dresses, overall dresses and the worst of all, aprons. They truly repulse me on a visceral level but I have taken great joy in studying which types make me the most uncomfortable.  For example, overalls with pants make me cringe decidedly less than square neck dresses. I’ve also noticed that the wider the straps, the less likely I am to mind. It’s when the dress or apron has thin straps, a wide neck. Basically the more it looks like a piece of cloth than an actual dress, the less likely I am to respond positively to it.  I have attempted to design the ultimate terrible outfit but I have not succeeded, however it’s a case of “know it when I see it” a mixture of awe and repulsion when I see a square necked garment that fits all of the above criteria.  As far as I know this has been going on since I was a child. As part of one of my first summer jobs I had to wear an apron and it was just awful, I tried to get out of touching such a horrible piece of clothing every time I was forced to wear it. It still blows my mind that there are some who willingly choose to wear “apron dresses” and yet I applaud those who do, as they allow me to further my studies into what exactly makes me despise these clothes so much.  Sorry for ranting, have a nice day/night
430	real	Dear one, your mother told me all about your past today. Its okay. [End Title]: Gentle heart,  Whatever you.might have been before, I know you now. You are my partner. I share my love and fears with you. I seek your comfort when the world is too much. I fall asleep to your heartbeat every night.  I know who you are.  Your mother told me about your past. About the gang you used to run with.  She told me about hiw she watched you fall into them because you felt you werent worth better than what they could give you.  She told me about how you came to her in a panic because eventually they wanted too much from you.  She told me how you fled when you finally could not take part in that life any more.  And she told me how you still have guilt for things that happened back then.  You've told me there are parts of your past that you've left behind. Now I know what they are.  And I just want you to know it is okay.  You don't want to talk about it. I hope one day you will be comfortable enough to share that with me. But until then, I'll respect your silence, and pretend I dont know.  And I do know what you are now. You are my sweet, loving, and kind partner. You help others. You seek good friends and have a good heart.  And if you ever do decide to share that past with me, I will tell you that you are a good man. That I love you very much. And that I am very, very proud to be with you.
606	real	I am proud of myself! [End Title]: This isn't big or exciting but, I took apart my daughters single bed, brought our old double bed and mattress up our narrow stairs and put it in her room all by myself!   I am normally a weak person, can't lift much and I get tired easily, so for me to do this without my husbands help is an amazing feeling!     Now I'm going to put together our new bed and hopefully it won't explode!
464	real	I have no friends (actually 0) [End Title]: As the title says, I do not have one friend. I had three that I hung out with a couple years ago but things have changed. At first the loneliness felt almost soul crushing but now I am more numb to it. It still does hurt sometimes not having anyone to relate with or talk to. I spend most days drowning myself in music to distract my brain. I’m too anxious and insecure to make new friends and I really miss my old ones.
344	real	Sex scenes bother me [End Title]: I’ve been in two relationships where porn was a main priority to the men I was seeing at the time. I’ve always felt a sense of betrayal in that and maybe it stems from insecurity or maybe it’s the fact that I believe watching porn while in a relationship is majorly disrespectful. So watching tv shows and movies with sex being a huge selling point, makes me very uncomfortable. But the relationship I recently ended (we’re living together now in a 2 bedroom to keep our dog), well he tells me to basically suck it up. Makes me feel as if I’m ruining his life for asking him not to watch it around me. Yet he continues to bring up shows that are “so good” and “we have to watch them together” and I don’t want to be a part of it. And if I don’t want to be a part of it then I’m “crazy” or “overthinking” and “assuming the only reason he wants to watch it is because of sex” (which I may have accused him of before... my bad). But I’m hurt. These men have chosen other women to lust after as if I’m not good enough. And he says “he feels guilty and ashamed for watching porn” but then he tells me to “get over it” or he just lies to my face as if I’m stupid. Am I wrong for feeling betrayed? Am I wrong for being angry and sad and disgusted? I don’t understand why this is such a big problem for so many men and women. And I’ve been told that “I’m the only one who feels this way about porn or sex scenes”. It honestly makes me want to dig a hole in the ground and bury myself in it. Not really but it makes me feel like ultimate s***. I feel like there’s no escaping this and that I will never find someone who can respect me as I have respect for the person I’m with and don’t look at other people (all be-it on a computer/phone screen/tv) for satisfaction and gratification and pleasure. I feel like I am insane and it is suffocating. Like there’s something wrong with me. I don’t know what to do anymore.
851	real	i like watching people get hurt [End Title]: the title says it. what’s wrong with me? and before you ask, no, it’s not video games. that’s my confession
763	real	I didn't return the shopping cart today [End Title]: I left it not in the parking lot but NEXT TO THE FUCKING CHECKOUT because I forgot  This'll haunt me for the rest of my life  If you're the Lidl employee reading this I'm so sorry 😭
462	real	I lie without noticing [End Title]: Sometimes i lie without noticing it feels pretty weird like that feeling when you think that 1 hour ago "oh wait i lied , oops"   It goes from fabricated stories to videogames to possessions to stories to pretending i know the personality of the person that I just lied to but I actually don't  But somehow it always works out in the end They end up oblivious to the lie and then a few hours later I figure out that I actually lied and made a mistake
502	real	Jesus what a day [End Title]: I helped my friend leave her husband today. It hasn't been working out with them for ages and it's absolutely the right thing. I didn't do much, just helped move a few boxes while he was in work and looked after the tiny (think between 3-7) and the tween while she told him, and moral support after, all that heavy emotional stuff.  What has fucking broken me though, is how happy the kids are to be leaving. The tiny literally said "yay no more Daddy". I knew he was shouty and emotionally abusive to my friend but Jesus Christ what he he done to those kids? And before I left, I said to the eldest "You've been so brave and I'm so sorry this has been such a hard day" ... They replied "It's been a really good day". That ain't right, man. I well up every time I think about it. And I am SO tired
161	real	I fucked up a perfect chance to tell a girl that I like her [End Title]: So this happened about an hour ago. I was chatting with her and a dark joke popped up in my head so I texted her "I shouldn't tell this because you're gonna get angry". She was expecting that I was gonna confess my love and got so excited. But me, being the dumbass, I told her the joke instead. The next reply from her, I can sense that she was disappointed. Now she replies late and I am trying do hard not to kick myself in the head. Is there any way I can make things right and start all over again? And don't tell me it's over. I like her very much :(
541	real	I've had vaginal problems for years. [End Title]: I have a horrible secret. There's no way for me to make it sound less harsh of blunt &amp; I don't even want to write it (or say it) out. But, I've had vaginal problems for years. Honestly, for as long as I can remember. From as young as 5 or 6 I remember having problems like itchiness &amp; discomfort. I'd be red, raw, &amp; bleeding constantly.   I never went to the doctors for it. Never. I just lived with it, I didn't tell anyone. I feel like I always had a problem or issue talking about my own personal health, or even dealing with my private parts myself. I would hurt myself? Vaginally? Like I said, I had weird problems with it.   I feel like it's too far gone now, like it can't be fixed.  I've seen doctors over the past few years &amp; it's never gotten better. I've been told it was a UTI, yeast infection, &amp; once, vaginitis. I've taken different medications, tried those self Monistat things, taken all the advice I've been given. I've heard it all and done it all. I still do everything, no tight bottoms, cotton underwear only, breathable things, don't douche/use those dumb "feminine hygiene products" .. I'm not taking bad care of myself in that regard.   I feel gross. Like, how long could I let it go on for this long? I feel stupid. I feel like that's a big reason why I'm not fully honest with the doctors I go to. "How long has this been happening?" "I don't know.. a while? Like.. a few months.." And that always gets a big reaction.  "Oh, that's afwul! Girl, you've gotta come in sooner!" :(  I feel so stupid.   And then I describe the symptoms: burning when peeing, sort of itchy but not that bad (am I just used to it? is that why?), white sticky, thickish discharge, and overall discomfort. Sometimes I swear I feel it (whatever It is) on my inner thighs &amp; a few inches below my belly button. &amp; that scares me badly.  Anyway, whenever I describe the symptoms, it's usually an automatic "Oh, sounds like a UTI or a yeast infection, no biggie :)"   I tell them that I don't think it is because I've been treated for both before but they still think they're right. They test my urine, it's fine. They look, assume it's a yeast infection, then I'm on my way with some medicines that do nothing. I always tell myself when it doesn't work, I'll go back,  and this last time I listened to myself. I messaged my doc, told her it didn't get better, she told me to use the hydrocortisone she gave me for longer &amp; that it should make it better. It didn't. Then I felt like a burden, that I should be fine now, &amp; didn't message her again.    I'm scared. I'm scared to say anything because I know it's been going on for far too long &amp; I'm probably really messed up internally because of it.  I'm scared because I know the doctors/whoever I tell will think I'm dumb for not being fully honest or saying anything sooner.
16	real	Tired of dealing with my reactions from traumatic childhood events [End Title]: Most of the time I don’t even know what’s happening until I ruin another one. I suck at friendships and family relationships. I’m lonely. I keep all of it a secret from almost everyone. I stopped talking to my therapist because I couldn’t carry out her suggestions. I give up.
549	real	This week would have been my due date and I’m not upset at all. [End Title]: I found out I was pregnant in early November. I know I don’t want children, so I scheduled an abortion for later in November. The nurse who performed my ultrasound that day told me I was six weeks, one day. That puts my due date of nine months sometime this week. And honestly, I don’t care. I’m not sad now. I wasn’t sad then. I feel nothing except relief that I’m not swollen to the size of an XL beach ball waiting for some screaming baby to pop itself out of my crotch. None of my family and very few of my friends even know I had an abortion and I don’t want to bring it up when it was so long ago, so I don’t have anyone to share this with except you strangers. I’m so relieved I get to type this.
998	real	My job is destroying my mental health [End Title]: My mental health has been pretty good over the past few years. I hit rough spots, but I used to be much worse. For a while I could not hold a job and was hospitalized a few times in less than a year. Now I am employed full time, living with a wonderful partner and three adorable cats. No hospitalizations in years.  My job has always been challenging, but since COVID, it has become a nightmare.  I do crowd control at a theme park. Initially, we had a very limited capacity with distancing measures in place. Now, we pack people shoulder-to-shoulder every night for a fireworks show. No one wears masks for this event. I live in one of the biggest COVID hotspots in the world and our state government is absolutely fine with the deaths and hospitalizations because their voters would rather risk their life than be asked to wear a cloth on their face. I am vaccinated but morally speaking, what I am doing feels irresponsible.  Now, aside from this, I don’t know why, but recently people overall have become absolutely awful. Like astoundingly rude and aggressive. My job has always had a risk of being involved in the occasional altercation. Now, it’s almost daily that at least one of my coworkers is spit on, shoved, called racial slurs, etc. Every day I will be actively trying to make sure that an emergency exit isn’t blocked, or asking a person to please step away from a moving vehicle, and you would think that I am asking them to sacrifice all of their human rights.  The only reason I stay is because I am trans, and trying to utilize my company insurance for surgery. I have been transitioning for years. But I’ve been making phone calls and emails for months and I swear I have gotten nowhere because this insurance company’s employees don’t even know their own policies.   I am so tired and frustrated and can’t keep killing myself over this job with no end in sight. I feel my mental health slipping and don’t know how long I can keep myself afloat. I have started taking psych meds after years without them because I needed some sort of relief.
774	real	You know you’re at the pit of worthlessness when the only reason you haven’t killed yourself yet is so you don’t bother others with all the cleanup and paperwork. [End Title]: It’s just easier for everyone if I stay alive and simply die inside.
503	real	Jake Paul. [End Title]: I hate jake paul he's so annoying.  That's it.
881	real	Am I overreacting or is my ex-friend creepy/obsessive? [End Title]: Okay, I don’t know where to began, but I have to keep this as short as possible so lots of details (specific occasions of this person being rude, weird, etc) will be left out. I’m (f22) currently going into my senior year of college. I made a friend my sophomore year who was an incoming freshman at the time. He would come to our political club meetings and we were all a tight knit club. He is currently about to be a 21 year old junior. He constantly was rude, arrogant, condescending, and would just say outright strange &amp;amp;amp; vulgar things to me. He asked me out after being friends for a month of two and I declined. We then stayed friends. He now has had a girlfriend for about a year and a half from his hometown who occasionally visits and I had a long term boyfriend for awhile afterwards. I tried to stop being his friend multiple times, but then he’d continue to message, snap, dm, etc.   Well, I hadn’t responded to a single one of his attempts (mainly snapchat) for about 5 or 6 months until he sent me the screenshots of my boyfriend at the time’s tinder (who was ghosting me for a few days and I was in utter confusion until I received that) he (my ex) was flirting with one of this guys friends. I thanked him, then hung out with him along with my best friend twice after that.   But all of the horrible things he said to me (not to bully me necessarily, his personality just sucks) and the way he’d feel entitled to demand rides from me and others (even in the middle of the night) bc he won’t get his license (he can, he’s truly just lazy), the way he is two faced and gossips, the way he sends me tiktoks and memes about stupid girls and other things saying they remind him of me &amp;amp;amp; is creepily obsessed with me being a Catholic, although I never talk about it &amp;amp;amp; just have a rosary on my car mirror, seems stuck in high school by being that level of petty/dramatic/gossipy, etc. made me not able to tolerate him as a friend again, I tried distancing myself again. Basically, trying to forgive and be friends again made me realize that I really wanted nothing to do with him.  MAIN PART:   So that is where I’m at now. So far, he sends me multiple snaps a day (like he did the first time) for weeks on end (last time it was months). I haven’t even opened any snaps in days but he’s still doing it. He texted me a couple of days ago &amp;amp;amp; I haven’t responded. The freakiest thing to me, besides his obsessive attempts at contacting me, is that this girl who is his friend matched with my ex (boyfriend at the time) on tinder knew who I was and knew who I was dating and what he looked like (she said: “wait, aren’t you OP’s bf” in the dm screenshots) This is proof to me that he is all-around obsessed with me, because this guy and I don’t have any mutual friends that are girls, and I only know one girl that he knows, from our clubs, she graduated and moved away. So, during those months of September through March, when I wasn’t speaking to him, he was obsessively talking about me, keeping tabs on me, showing pictures of me and my boyfriend at the time to people...to the point where strangers knew me and my boyfriend....am I overacting or am I right to feel extremely creeped out, grossed out and a bit anxious and scared? Is he obsessive? Is the harassment?  Edit: the only reason why I haven’t blocked him is that I don’t know if that would be extreme &amp;amp;amp; I also don’t feel like having him create drama/talk about it &amp;amp;amp; me a lot to the guys in the political clubs, some of whom are still my friends (I say still because I left the clubs to take a break from politics &amp;amp;amp; join other, more lighthearted clubs)  Another edit: in the middle of not talking to him for months, we ended up in the same 3 hour class in the spring semester &amp;amp; he would say something to the professor, then try to include me in it or the professor would speak to me &amp; this guy would butt in and try to add to the convo, like a joke or something that would indicate that he knew me to everyone. My bf (at the time) was also in the class and it was just uncomfortable. Classes were all on zoom at that point. Also, during the election, I deactivated my Facebook so that way I could focus on an upcoming test (since everyone was posting and debating about it lol) and I deactivated it for maybe a day or two &amp; a few hours after deactivating it he messages me out of nowhere and asks why I did that because he liked reading my posts...
457	fake	brand new cherry flavor [End Title]: what the figgity fuck.  this man is fingering the inside of her ribs, and she’s loving it. can’t remember the last time a scene grossed me out this much lmao
944	real	The past 6 months have been shit and I just need to make a list of all the shit to get it off my chest [End Title]: Here’s a list of all the shitty things that have happened since February   -My dog died unexpectedly from a fast acting cancer. She was so pure and lovely one day and the next day she was a pile of ashes. I can’t have kids. This is the closest thing to a child I will ever have.  -My aunt died a few weeks later unexpectedly and I live abroad so I couldn’t be there for my family.  -We tried to get a puppy but even rescues have been rejecting us because we live in an apartment.  -I want to move home to my home country. My lawyer told us it will take 2+ years to get my non-citizen husband his immigration papers. So I’m stuck here.  -I hate my job and I missed out on getting my dream job because of a purely unlucky situation. I don’t have it in me to keep applying. I think I’m depressed idk  -I injured myself working out. This was my biggest way to let off steam and now I can’t even do it anymore. Going to a physical therapist today but it’s a long road.  -After all this I’ve just been drinking a lot. It’s not completely out of control, but it’s not a great situation either. I think about drinking a lot and I’m a little too eager each time I drink. I’ve never had problems with alcohol before but I realize I’m vulnerable right now.  -Of course I put on 10+ pounds.  -I went to the doctor to get help with depression and he absolutely refused to refer me to a psychiatrist/therapist because I’m “not depressed enough” and just have to “cry it out” whatever that means.  -Of course all of this has strained my marriage. We’re still supportive of each other, but we’ve been better  I don’t know how to fix any of this. I feel like the problem is really a dip in our quality of life and not necessarily a chemical imbalance. I just feel helpless and hopeless.   Thanks for letting me get this off my chest
625	real	I forgive you, A [End Title]: I forgive you. I forgive you for all the hurt you've caused me. I forgive you. I know you made me suffer because you are suffering.  I'm sorry for not talking to you anymore. It's better this way. It's better we heal this way and that you find your way back to what really makes you happy. If it's her that makes you happy, I respect it. I wish you nothing but the best. I promise to never speak of you badly because I am better than that.  I forgive you for telling your best friend all of those things about me. I hope I meet someone in the near future who doesn't speak of me that way.  I'm glad I met you and I let you go. I let you go completely today. We both deserve to be happy.
308	real	Frustrated Accent [End Title]: Whenever I'm frustrated with my kid, I for some reason develop a Boston accent.
847	real	I cannot forget &amp; I want to confess [End Title]: I (21M) have a close female friend that I've visited for years. She lives in another city, and she would ask me to come see her, so I would.  During one of these visits, we were hanging out, we had a few drinks, and it was getting late.   She invited me to get into bed with her, and at the time I was super hesitant &amp; nervous, cuz I've never done that before. Still, i got in bed with her, and she put my arm around her waist.   We fell asleep like that, it was nice 🙂. Later in the night, I started kissing the back of her head, we were spooning, and I fondled her breasts 🙁. She told me she didn't think it was a good idea, and i stopped.   Much later, i came to learn she was traumatized by the event, and found it hard to invite guys into her bed.  I apologized, but i can never get over the guilt.   Hey friend, I've told you this before &amp; i want to say it again: I am deeply, deeply, truly sorry for hurting you.
427	real	I Am Body Shamed By My Own Parents Everyday And It Hurts Me [End Title]: I'm a 14-year old female student from the Philippines and I have been really problematic about my parents being racist and body shamers and I decided to vent about it and hopefully, find people that would understand me and maybe give opinions at least. My parents and I aren't close, like literally, they treat me like I'm trash and I tream them the same way. They were really both loving parents before but suddenly, a few years later when I was 9, they changed a lot and began to publicly insult and hit me which they call is discipline which is not a really working way to discipline their kid. Well, I have a current weight pt 68 kgs and I'm 14, which is yes, alarming and you might have asked if why didn't I just exercise so I could avoid being body shamed by them? which is yes, I did for a couple of days and I also stopped because my PE teacher told me to stop exercising because I kept pushing myself too hard that I've even tried to lift some weights for some reason which he said that I shouldn't push myself because duh, I'm too young and then he asked me if I really wanted to do exercises which is yes, I do but I said that I'll stop because everytime I exercise my parents are always there to insult me which gives me low confidence to do things I wanted which I don't have any freedom to do things I want even to the point of picking my own friends isn't my choice but both of my parents always kept insulting and pressuring me to exercise harder which I also tried to and the results? I lost some weights but I kept passing out and it weakened to the point that I was always tired and my head keeps aching to the point again that I'll suddenly pass out which a lot of people even the person who runs the gym I used to go to says it's not good but my parents still said I should do it because I look fat and I told them that I won't do it anymore because I don't care if it makes me look fit but if it prevents me from doing anything and just be tired and pass out everyday and until now, I still try to exercise because of my parents but always the same results. I'll pass out and have excruciating pain in my head and my parents always keeps insulting me and shaming me in public and even in private which didn't do me good because I recently visited my psychologist cousin and he said I was showing signs of depression which I am because I tried to harm myself many time because I couldn't take anymore of a lot of body shaming and insults.
263	real	I don't feel the need to feel guilty for things I've never done [End Title]: Why should I care about what happened over a hundred years ago to your ancestor? I wasn't around back then. Your gonna have to find someone else to wipe your ass because I sure as hell won't be.
363	real	i got a D on a test and i’m really upset [End Title]: i’m in my second year of college and i though i was doing well on my anatomy test but i received a D .. i feel like i’ve been just fucking up in all my classes this semester
54	real	I quit my job [End Title]: I was sad. I really liked it. I liked my regular customers. I liked my coworkers. I liked the job itself. I liked the little bit of extra $$.   I didn’t like the corporate BS. I didn’t like getting told I was terrible at my job (I wasn’t.  It’s a bully mentality place to work). Most of all I didn’t like working nights and weekends - especially when my husband travels   So I quit   Since I quit I got to:   See a movie with my son on his birthday. Go to both kids open houses and meet their teachers Go to a baseball game and hang out with an old friend we hadn’t seen in 20+ years Let my son try out for the school soccer team  I wouldn’t have been able to do any of that if I stayed   It will be harder and we will have to watch our spending more. I will miss my paycheck and my job.   But my kids are worth more than that.
156	real	Highschool [End Title]: I don’t know how to cope with the fact my friends will be gone after high school ends I’m going to be a senior and I just cry a lot about losing them and not seeing them again
938	real	How Scientific Process Works [End Title]: Science is observation, measurement, and evidence.  Here's how it plays out:  *Anon at the lake, noticing a log bobbing on the water:* "Hey!  IT FLOATS!"  *Tosses a brick in the water:* that doesn't float, it sinks!"   *Anon thinking about differences between the two observations on the way home:* "Round stuff must float, stuff with flat sides must sink!"  *Archimedes observes there are exeptions so this is probably not right.  Gathers up round stuff that sinks, flat stuff that floats:* "Nope, roundness doesnt explain it."  *Archimedes plays with stuff in water, measures things like density, surface area, distance something settles into the water before floating:* "Stuff will float, regardless of shape, when it displaces a volume of water weighing the same as the thing floating."  Here is what that same process tells us about Covid:  It is potentially deadly.  Not to everyone, and not just the elderly.  People who recover, *even those who were asymptomatic,* have measurable lasting damage.  People who are asymptomatic can infect dozens of others though casual proximity.  It *appears* that one in 50 people who get Covid are going to have catastrophic illness, even death, although this is hard to measure with certainty because we really don't know the denominator.  If true, the combination of the last two points alone would mean that one asymptomatic but infected person's ability to infect others could reasonably lead to one death.   Observation of infectious patterns worldwide shows that high-level mask usage correlates with a decline in prevalence.  As a frontline healthcare worker who manages those ventilators, I feel like people like me are standing at the Titanic's rails looking down saying **"We've hit an iceberg and we're SINKING!"** and there are people sipping wine in the lounges--including the Captain!-- who are saying "Psht.  Don't be stupid.  The sides aren't flat, they're curved.  Can't sink."
688	real	i want to be hugged so bad right now [End Title]: not just a friend hug, but like a close, tight, loving hug. that’s all i want right now. lately i’ve been craving close human contact and sometimes i cry thinking about it because i’m scared i’ll never have it. i just want to be close, to be loved.
420	real	I get it now that I’m older but still. [End Title]: When I was growing up, I never understood why so many older people were grumpy about the things my generation liked. I’d be like shut up old timer. But as I’m nearing my 30s I totally understand it. And I’m doing my best to not follow in those peoples footsteps, but it’s hard man. Like lets take movies as an example. I grew up in the 90s and the 00s. I prefer movies that don’t heavily rely on CGI. Like don’t get me wrong, CGI can be a useful asset, but movies that rely on it to sell make me cringe hard af. Real explosions and practical effects look way better imo. But Throw CGI into the mix and it can be better. Keyword is can. When balanced, movies that utilize CGI and practical effects often look infinitely better than movies that just rely on CGI. But this newer generation doesn’t see that because CGI laden movies is what they know and expect. Same can be said for games. All these kids care about is how dope something looks rather than the story or game mechanics. And it’s infuriating. Just because something looks shiny doesn’t mean it’s worth it’s weight in Gold. It just drives me up a wall with how this generation sees things from that kind of standpoint. But atleast they’re doing a better job at demanding equality. So I can’t fault them entirely. Still, younger people piss me off with some of their outlooks.
523	real	I just want a month off [End Title]: It’s been a brutal 6 months at work on top of a brutal 18 months in the world. Colleagues are sick, have passed away, have moved on to greener pastures, and I feel like I’m constantly trying to fill an ever-expanding vacuum.   I don’t want to bail for a new gig. I don’t want to quit in a blaze of glory—I just desperately want to take the month of time off that I’ve already earned to breathe and cook and fix up my garden. To take my sad tired cinder of a soul and repair from the burnout.  The best I can get is a week off and it’s just not enough. I wish that it was—and I know I am lucky to even get paid time off, so even that makes me feel ungrateful. I’m just so tired.  I hate that I’m going to end up leaving a job I love just to get the time off I need to recover from it. Everyone else is getting congratulated in team meetings for going the extra mile and being a team player. I know in time they’re going to be in the same sad burned out boat. It’s all just so short sighted.
754	real	I’ve lied to my fiancée about how my sexual history and now I’m in too deep to go back. [End Title]: I first met my now fiancée around 4 years ago. Early in the relationship she asked me how many girls I’ve been with and I felt the need to give a low answer as to not scare her since she was a virgin. I said it was only 2 and only one time with each of those 2. She seemed a little taken back that I had been with 2 since she hadn’t been with anyone at that time.  The truth however is that I had been with 6 people by that point in time, and two of which I’ve had sex with multiple times.   The part where I’ve messed up is that she has brought it up a couple times over the years and I’ve stuck to the same story ever since perfectly as to not upset her but in doing so I’ve dug this hole deeper and deeper.   I’m at the point now where I can keep this going and she would NEVER find out, but the guilt is starting to eat me away. Though I’m unsure about religion at this stage in my life, I can’t imagine us both passing away into the afterlife and having this lie become apparent at that point in time of me never telling her(if you believe in that kind of stuff).  On one hand, she would never know. On the other hand if I told her, she would LOSE IT and be so upset. I’d lose her trust since I’ve been reenforcing this lie the entire time as if it was natural of me to lie. I just feel horrible.  I just feel the need to say something, even if it’s to a site of anonymous strangers because there’s no one else I can talk to you about this.
397	real	It Doesn’t Matter If It’s Love [End Title]: You come into my life as a friend of a friend, and soon we become close. She breaks your heart, so we get closer and closer over the years — but never close enough to meet. We shared hopes and dreams and support each other through difficult school and angry homes.   We exchanged letters outside of our usual bantering online, where we become more vulnerable with each other, and almost quieter as if the letters were an extension of our secret selves that we were afraid to acknowledge. You once signed a letter with “Love”— and tears came to my eyes in disbelief. You were the first to ever insinuate that you could have loved me, but even then, I knew couldn’t love you in the way you needed to be loved. After years of friendship and a few months of particular hardship for me, you wrote, “I can’t wait to see you some day.” Yet our mutual position near poverty meant that we could not meet, and I realize now that such a prevention may have protected us instead.  More years passed, we grew a little older and a little wiser. I’ve seen all the girls you’ve been with since — how they’ve hurt you, promised you everything and then gave you nothing. I’ve done my best to give you good, unbiased advice (when you’ve asked for it) as my heart aches and breaks for you... You deserve to be happy, and I want you to be happy. Eventually you met a girl you thought was The One, and I was so happy for you— you deserve all the happiness in the world! She demanded that you remove me from your life, and I didn’t want you to pass up a tangible, true love for my selfish sake. I wanted to tell you something when it was time to say goodbye, but in the moment I knew that telling you would have been wrong. Instead, I told you it was ok— that I was ok— and I wished you both many years of happiness.  Years went by again, yet we moved in and out of each other’s lives as things fell apart and began anew for both of us. We were more formal and removed than before, but it was so good to have you back, my friend.   Then one day you break our unspoken rule and asked me if I ever thought of you as more than a friend. My heart sparked, but I couldn’t bring myself to tell you the truth, so I told you a lie. The truth was that I did, but in our distance I had met someone new, and by the time we reunited, I was with someone else...  I was getting married, to someone else.  I gave my heart, my body, and my love to someone else, even though I loved you, too.  I moved, I focused on my marriage, and you and I became more formal and distant than before. Every few months though, we reconnected online— even if only for a day. Wishing “Happy Birthdays”, checking in to make sure the other was well, offering support, talking about politics for an hour or two. More time goes by, but you and I are never completely out of touch. I used to wonder if it tortured you, but you give nothing away, and I will never question your presence in my life.  Then, out of the blue—  you send me a letter. It’s short and sweet and nothing more than platonic in its simplicity, but all these years later, I still feel for you.  Even so, I realize that my feelings have changed.  I may have truly loved you in the past, but today... what I feel for you can’t be the same.   It doesn’t matter if it’s love, because it could only be a selfish love.   A selfish love where I dedicate my life to my husband and love him with my body and soul; where I will eventually bear him children and willingly give him everything I have as we laugh and cry and grow old together.  A selfish love for you, where I live my life as it is but know that any admission to you could potentially hold you back with hope that someday, I could love you like that, too.   But I know I can’t.  I know that I don’t.  And because I love my husband more than anyone in this world, I know that I never will.
546	fake	Not really bad, but funny. [End Title]: -j-
886	real	No baby of our own [End Title]: My husband and I have been together for 3 years and he has 3 teenage kids.  I have no kids.  He has a vasectomy and we discussed a long ago about getting a reversal to try for one of our own.  I’m getting closer to my 40s and although I know it’s possible it’s higher risk of issues.  Well we ran into a financial issue which basically has put all thoughts of a reversal in time out the window.  We could support a child right now, but we can insta-whip up the cash for the reversal procedure.  I’m really bummed about it.  It’s been weighing on me for a while and I don’t want to tell anyone we even had the thought.  He won’t tell me “the truth” that our hope is now gone.  Thanks for reading.
722	real	I drank 3 full-size milkshakes today and thought nothing of it [End Title]: I drank 3 full-size milkshakes today and thought nothing of it! God I’m getting so fat, what is happening to me   Where did the 103 pound competitive swimmer go- if she knew I drank almost 2k in milkshakes today she would’ve literally stabbed me.
486	real	I made a doctor's appointment. [End Title]: For two years or so I've been dealing with weird, terrible, random symptoms. The first time I had an episode, I couldn't walk straight, I had double vision, I was slurring my words, I couldn't spell my own name, and my hands wouldn't work right. I went to the ER because I was scared. They did a CT of my brain which was fine. They told me I was making it up.  Since then, I've had intermittent episodes of double vision, passing out, blinding headaches, slurring words, writing letters backwards, and all sorts of fun things like that. I keep ignoring it because I don't want to be told I'm faking. Half of me thinks I am faking and it's psychosomatic. If I would just stop being dramatic it would go away.  I've been calling the episodes migraines because it sounds better than "I got double vision and a blinding headache while brushing my teeth and suddenly I woke up on the bathroom floor 20 minutes later".  I can't drive during episodes, let alone work. Yesterday I called off work for the second time in two months. My boss sat me down and told me I need to go to the doctor. She doesn't care if I do it on work time as long as I take care of myself. She was very insistent even though she doesn't know the extent of the "migraines".  So I finally scheduled an appointment with a doctor. I stopped seeing my last primary doctor for unrelated reasons so this appointment was with a new one. It was terrifying, I could only convince myself to use the online scheduling tool, and I was shaking the whole time. But I did it. I'm seeing her next Thursday afternoon.  Now I have a few days to write down my symptoms. I don't want to go in and blank on everything. I'm going to write out my prescriptions, my previous diagnoses, my current symptoms and their frequency, and my reason for coming. That way I can keep my head.  I know it's dumb, this is something any normal adult should be able to do. But this is a big step for me and I had to tell someone.
260	real	I’m sick to death of my sister telling me I’m not disabled. [End Title]: Long story short, was a body builder that worked full time and studied part time. Got a normal viral infection, it reactivated months later, never recovered. I’m partially bed ridden, and have severe post-exertional fatigue/immune response.   Every.single.time I discuss my illness with others and say something along the lines of ‘my disability has been really difficult for me, but I’m just happy I’m at least able to work from home a few hours a week, not many are blessed with this ability”, my sister will respond:  “You’re not disabled, you can walk can’t you?”, among other hurtful things. I have no spine to stick up for myself, but it hurts so much to know that my Mums-side of the family, to this day, still do not believe I’m sick or disabled.  They cannot understand that disability is not just the inability to walk in the sense that one has no legs, but a person finding severe to mild difficulty in the walking itself, including a large spectrum of other issues.  I remember my brother texted me “you’re not disabled or sick, get over it”, and I just wept….  It disappoints me that others can be so cruel. If someone says to me “hey, I’m struggling due to x,y,z…”.  I believe them and offer my help.  Those with disabilities have already dealt with medical gaslighting in the past, we don’t need it from those we love, too.  Thank you for listening.   Context: My family are polish, right wing, anti-vax immigrants in Australia. I have Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, among other illnesses.
619	real	My boyfriend is planning on going into the military in a year or 2. He is super sweet and good to me- however he shows no interest in progressing our relationship. I'm feeling incredibly sad and lost rn [End Title]: I'm 23(f), almost 24 years old. I have virtually no hobbies or solid life goals. I live for my emotions and moderately self destructive tendencies. All I want in life is to be loved. All I want is to build a life with someone.   As I said in the title, I have a bf(same age as me) and we've been together for about 3 years. He's the best guy I've ever dated and we've been through so much together. I love him so much and daydream about my future with him all the time. But turns out that he dreams about progressing his goals of joining the military. I want to support him but I feel so fucking sad that his ideas of the future don't include me.   I understand that my mindset is unhealthy- def codependent and not all together functional. But I'm clinging to this damn idea of us getting married and getting a house and having a happy little life together.   We talked over our future aspirations today so i could get a sobering reality check. He doesn't want that cutesy daydream and im fucking crushed. I feel like I have nothing else going for me. I just want to be loved. I want someone to want the same things as I do. I want someone to stay for once. I feel so lonely and insignificant- that I can be tossed away so easily.   I don't know where to go with my life now. I don't know where I have significance if it's not in the arms of another. I simply don't know what to do. Now I feel as though my relationship has an expiration date.  I'm posting out of curiosity of what other people think of this situation. Any responses are welcome. Thanks for reading this ❤
538	real	I dont feel like I deserve my boyfriend [End Title]: He is so incredibly kind and sweet to everyone. He constantly was telling me how pretty and smart I was (and I even believed him for a little while). He always told me I was special and how the universe made me for special reason. He always puts others before himself. I had promised him as soon as my classes were over for the semester, I would spend more time with him (we started dating two weeks before finals). But then he went to basic training the week of my finals so I never got to uphold my promise. I write him letters every day to encourage him and praise him on everything he does to keep his spirits up while at training, but the more we write each other, more I feel like I dont deserve him. I'm not a good person and I feel like I am going to disappoint him when finds out I failed one of my classes and have to retake it. Or the fact that I'm probably going to fail my EMT test. My parents are always telling me how selfish and lazy  I am, they are right.  He deserves someone as smart and as kind as he is, and someone who works as hard as he does. But I'm so selfish because I enjoy being with him.   I'm not looking for comfort, I just feel like I cant tell anyone this because they would just make some excuse for me. Plus anytime I try to tell someone I end up just bawling.
513	real	Why be friends [End Title]: I don’t get why when I become friends with someone on social media and try talking to them they think I am weird. What’s the point of even being friends just cause we have mutual friends. I’m tired of trying to make friends with people who judge me when I say what’s up. Even though we have everything in common.
532	real	I was so close to going to jail and having my life cut short... [End Title]: I'm 16 and I am currently living in SA (born and raised), I am in Grade 10 (I failed grade 9 once due to absolute disregard for my future).  Now many kids do drugs because peer pressure or the countless other reasons but I was already wondering what the whole weed culture was about so I did my research (very thoroughly) and I decided I'm going to try it, the experience was good (this was 2 years ago). I didn't revolve my life around weed I just liked it and was like yeah that's nice so I continued smoking but never more than twice a month as I thought then I'll be like one of "them". I also carry a knife around for protection as I walk to school and crime is everywhere but here in SA some of these fucking animals will kill you after they take all your shit, so I never wanted to feel defenseless. Now of course I can't bring any of these things to school, I don't have weed on me all the time, just if I decided that I randomly  wanted to smoke after school I would get it from a dealer (and test it thoroughly) then stash it in my school bag along with my knife that I carry everyday.  One particular day we were sitting in English with the new teacher, she seemed like that sub can't keep control of the class but it's constantly like that (she is a bit too nice). Suddenly these sirens start going off and they announce over the intercom that there is a drill going on and all the kids and teachers must remain in the class and follow the rules of the drill...  We noticed by peeking out the window there were police vehicles outside, for some reason she decided to lock the class room door but she was unable to keep everyone quiet, I was making jokes about how we were all going to die.  After that whole period goes by and I leave for break I see the entire school is freaked out, as if something happened and just my class had no idea what was going on. Turns out there was a police raid searching for drugs and weapons on the kids... Fuck me right...  They explained that they burst into the rooms and told the kids to not move and put their hands on the tables, when I heard this I realised how infinitely fucked I would of been, but because of my teachers weird decision to lock the door they skipped my class... Fuck me right...  I've never been so scared but I laughed about it after, like what if I got caught, I was supposed to get caught, I was smoking that day after school, I had a bankie with a grinder and my lighter in my bag, with the knife of course.
157	real	I’m pleasantly surprised by my reddit experience [End Title]: I recently joined reddit after reading threads here and there for years. When I was young (middle school) I used collegehumor quite a bit and was pretty acclimated to gross trolls on the internet. Eventually in high school i discovered tumblr and that became my go-to which gave me this perception of reddit as being for bros and very misogynistic and gross - basically collegehumor but worse.   Since I’ve joined I’ve posted a few personal things on here and have been greeted with nothing but support. I even have managed to make a few friends.   I do think people are generally trying to be kinder on the internet so maybe I missed the worst of it but so far I’ve had pretty pleasant experiences on reddit.
558	real	Reddit didn't deserve that [End Title]: I accidentally tapped on "Not really" to the pop up question "Are you enjoying Reddit?"
505	real	My friend of over a year blocked me over a VIDEO GAME. [End Title]: We connected through video games. We played all the time. He knew I wasn't very good and he still played with me. He insulted me a lot. I laughed because it was funny, and he's right, I am a bot and I am pretty shit. But then I started to realize that he never said anything nice. A year of friendship, of playing games together multiple times a week, he never told me "hey, nice job." What a dumb thing to get upset about - not being complimented about my performance in a damn video game. But that's all we did. We were video game friends. We bonded over that and only that. The one big thing he knew about me were my games. And he only ever made fun of me. I laughed along but it started to get less and less funny.  Last night he asked me to play Siege. I told him I'm awful. He said he knew, because we'd played it before, but he still wanted to play, so I downloaded it. I did poorly. We played with him and his friends. They laughed at me a lot. I wasn't doing very well but how could I be expected to? I've barely played it and it's a complicated game. They complained when I got them killed but how should I know better? They asked me to play. Then my friend jumped in front of me and I accidentally team killed him. I tend to be a bit trigger happy in games - I never play games where you can shoot your own teammates. I apologized. He left the game. His friends made fun of me but I still laughed. I told him that he knew I was bad at the game. He didn't say anything. After the round ended I left. It started to sink in. I had just spent all night playing with 3 people who made me the butt of every single joke they told. I was the dumb bimbo idiot that sucks at video games and everyone gets to make fun of. It was funny at first. But it stops being funny when that's really what they think of you. Never mind any of my real accomplishments. Never mind the impressive things I've done in my life. I'm just a dumb idiot girl that can't play video games.   This morning I texted him. I was going to buy a game he mentioned that he liked. I wanted to play it with him. He blocked me. My first reaction was just sadness, which turned to numbess, but now it's pure anger. Who the fuck does he think he is? Blocking me and throwing away our year of friendship because I killed him on accident in a goddamn video game? A virtual fucking fighting game is what he's going to throw away a year of friendship over? How fucking little did I mean to him? How fucking worthless am I that one fucking mistake makes it all go away?   I don't have any other friends. That's why I stuck around so long in the first place. I don't have anyone else. So now I'm alone, and angry, and apparently so worthless as a human being and a friend that my entire existence can be forgotten over a fucking. game.
367	real	I'm going crazy [End Title]: I have this friend whom I've known for about 6 years.  Every once in a while, I'll say something to him, mostly about some game we are playing at the moment or just any subject ever. He then will disagree with me and tell me what he thinks about that. It's not like we will fight over it, it's a civilized conversation sharing different opinions. This will go on for about 10 minutes, then we talk about something else.  But everytime, without fault, a couple weeks later he comes to me on that same subject and tells me what I sometime before told him, as if we never had that conversation and that statement came from him. It drives me nuts, I hate it so much. I've talked with him about it but he denies everytime.  Ok, just wanted to share this with someone else, I hate it.
947	real	Someone please help me. [End Title]: I am struggling to forgive myself for things I have done and its making me want to hurt myself.
573	real	So I've been watching Stranger Things for the first time. And while I think it's a good show, I can't help but feel depressed knowing I went through my entire childhood without the one thing this show centers around: friendship [End Title]: The only measure of friendship I ever had would probably be when I was in preschool or kindergarten. But beyond that, I have no memory of ever having any friends. I never went to sleepovers, never went to anyone's birthday party, never hung out with a group of kids on field trips, none of that. Even at lunch, I usually just sat at the end of a table by myself and minded my own business. All the way through college this is how I spent my days. Thankfully, I never really had to deal with bullies and never got picked on surprisingly.   That's not to say my home life was bad though. My parents love me just as much as any good parent would and always wanted me to make something of myself, which is why they insisted on me going to college. That, or at least join the military like my dad did so I at least come out of it with some developed skills to possibly pursue college later.   But I'm getting off track. I feel regret for never having the courage at any point to try and talk to other kids. I still went to school dances but would just either dance by myself or not at all. Never even had a girlfriend yet, let alone held a girl's hand. I'm a 25 year old nothing who's $15K deep in loan debt with a job that pays shit.   Still, getting back to my original point, the show itself is pretty good and I plan on watching it all the way through. But I just don't know what to do with this sense of regret and loneliness.
935	real	I love someone desperately but she's from Another country [End Title]: People tend to love other and i found my love from another country. But the problem is that she's so far away. We both love each other. And there is 99 percent chances that we'll end up crying for each other but we won't be together. I can't leave her and i don't understand what to do. Please help me :(
76	fake	This is taking too long so I need help and if I was busy with something else I would not have asked reddit. [End Title]: I know what and where something exceptionally bad happens on an unknown timetable. What do I do? (Answers will be ignored I just need it now)
714	real	Way above my league [End Title]: So this just happened and it's just so surreal to me that I have to tell someone. I've always had low self esteem and only kind of recently realized that I'm more attractive than I think I am but I still don't think I'm actually that hot or that thin. I think that's why this seems so outlandish to me. I'm going to keep some details vague to hide identities.  I'm recently out of a long relationship and have been enjoying tinder for hooking up. I'm also currently traveling in Australia and near the Australian Open. So I match with a guy who doesn't show his face, which usually I avoid. But hey, I'm traveling and really only looking for a hookup and maybe shown a cool local spot.  He starts chatting with me, he says he's there for the AO but only a spectator. He's staying in a much nicer place than myself and asks for me to join him. Although I'm totally looking to hookup, I've only ever met someone for drinks/coffee first, not directly at their place. I'm pretty hesitant, try to convince him to meet for drinks, but he resists and says to meet him in the lobby of his hotel in 20 minutes.  I don't know why I ignore all the alarms going off in my head. Maybe it's because I'm traveling, or exhausted from my day and just running on caffeine, or because he has enough mystery that I want to know his real background for going to the AO. But I head to his hotel, hoping he would get a drink at the hotel bar before deciding to head up to his room.   He still refuses, says he has a mini bar and we should go to his room. For some reason, I agree to this. I think it's mostly curiosity, horniness and stupidity. We go to his room, I'm on guard but I don't think I ever feel threatened. It's very clear when I walk in that he is one of the players and he also has a roommate that's gone.   He doesn't make an immediate move, offers me water in a sealed bottle, or liquor from sealed bottles in the mini bar. We chat for a bit, I learn enough information to know his tinder name is fake and to be able to Google his real identity later. For quite a while all the alarm bells are going off in my head but it's discomfort and not actual fear which is why I don't flee.  After chatting for a bit he slowly progresses things and I move to sitting next to him on the bed then things progress to us having sex.   I had sex with a pro tennis player. While traveling. During the Australian Open. It was short and one-sided but otherwise good. And he wants to see me (i.e. fuck me secretly) again. What. Just. Happened?! I left pretty quickly after but laughed most of the way back to my accommodations in disbelief.   I ended up googling him and learning unfavorable details about himself so I don't think I'll hook up with him again. But I still can't believe a pro tennis player wanted to hook up with me.
647	real	I resent social media! [End Title]: A cesspool of toxicity and unrealistic expectations, heightening my perfectionism and comparison to people's perfectly curated lives.  I really hate it there. It's bred so much division in that one's opinion is fact and nothing can change that. Let's not forget the bigotry and ignorance that runs deep.
812	real	It's almost a year [End Title]: when i turned 18 i moved in with my boyfriend at the time. we had been together for 5 years. it was a risky choice but we had been together long enough we thought it was safe. we were happy. i was adjusting and i was sensitive, but we were happy. he was as supportive as he'd ever been. but we lost it. we lost what we had. within a few weeks he stopped sharing the blanket with me(i saw past it, it was cold and i had my own from my family's house). then he flipped so we were laying opposite to each other. he got more and more distant. i was scared and felt more alone than i had living with my family(not the best situation). then it happened. we had an argument in class, he left the room to stand outside. after i cooled, i went to him. he was being comforted by someone we had feelings against but that's another story. i felt my heart drop. i tried to talk to him alone but i couldn't say anything. i ended up leaving the school. i never went back. i went to his house, my home. and i cried until tears wouldn't come. i sobbed. his mother knocked on the door to the bedroom, but i couldn't get up to answer. she left me alone. he went to hang out after school with some friends so he didn't come home until late. when he did, he was cold. he sat me in our room and broke up with me. then and there. he told me he fell out of love with me just 5 days into us living together. i shattered. i begged and cried for him to let us mend, which i of course regret now, but he had been my everything. i never went back to school, and i barely left the bed. he didn't kick me out and didn't tell his family until i was able to leave. i went to visit my family in my hometown and stayed for a week. i came back, packed up all my shit, and moved back in with my family. i'm not angry at him, he let me go through my emotions and still helped me through it all. we were toxic for each other and i know that. but it still hurts. all of me still aches for the good times we had. i want to feel happy and not alone. it's almost a year. in just a month i'll be 19, and i still hurt just as much as i did that day. i think about him and us often and i don't want to anymore. i want to be free of this pain. of these thoughts. i want to grow and be happy and be the person i want to be, but everything drags me down. everything i own is connected to him. everything i see reminds me of him. i'm a better person now, i've gotten help. but nothing will stop me from thinking of him. he was the first and only person who understood me as well as i understand myself. i really felt that we would be together until we were old.  it's almost a year, and i still hurt the same. i don't think it'll ever stop hurting.
723	real	Is it rape? [End Title]: I was a virgin at the time and the guy I was with was really pressuring me and guilting me and stuff so initially I said “fine.” But before he actually penetrated me I told him that I didn’t think we should go through with it anymore and he responded with “No, we’re going to do this.” I don’t know if anyone else knows what that situation feels like but at that point I didn’t feel like I could argue anymore, almost as if my voice  disappeared. Anyways I obviously lost my virginity and throughout the rest of our relationship sexual coercion was common practice for him. Just not sure if this particular instance was rape or just like the rest or our sex life, coercion Edit: thank you for the concern, It’s just been weighing heavy since I’ve moved to college and he now lives a floor down from me. I’m not going to take any action, just trying to clear things up for my own mental health
249	real	I can be a bitch [End Title]: I find when I get into arguments, especially ones where I feel I'm being dismissed quickly, I get really bitchy. I think I'm generally a well spoken person and I can argue my points well. But sometimes when I get really annoyed I just get bitchy, and that's not productive and it weakens the points I'm trying to make. I'm trying to be less bitchy in these situations but I find it difficult whenever I feel my emotions taking over.  Does anyone have any advice on how to not be a bitch?
20	real	Coming out to my parents? [End Title]: Hello everyone, I always browsed Reddit anonymously but I made an account to get some advise from you ppl :), so I'm thinking of coming out to my parents but I'm scared how they would handle it, like I'm bi and I always think that it be easier to come out after highschool and tell them once I settled off in college or something, does that sound better?
744	real	I want to toss a guy from my business but I don't want to be a jerk to his kids. Would this work? [End Title]: It's a retail / fast food joint. He's been nasty to me and my staff on a couple of occassions. He just a dick and hes always in a pissed off mood. He often kinda snaps on us. Problem is he always has four small kids with him.  If he was alone I'd just tell him to leave if he starts getting nasty to the staff. He was a real dick to a staff member yesterday. I heard some of it but was kinda far away and was helping customers at the time. When I enquired other staff members said he was a nasty dick.  He's gonna come back in a few days. He going to have four kids with him. I don't think I want to stop him at the door cause I think that would punish the kids.  I'm thinking of helping him. When I go to ring him up I'm going to tell him it's on us (free) but he can never step foot in my store ever again. I hope that way of doing it doesn't give him any ammunition to say I'm a bad guy or an asshole.
250	real	When I (18F) was 15, I asked my (now ex)friend’s dad for money for the bus when really I wanted to buy a bar of chocolate [End Title]: Not much more to it than that - did it a couple of times, I think, and just now remembered.   Looking back, it was really shitty of me. I don’t think I felt hugely bad about it at the time.
94	real	Today is my wife and I’s 4yr anniversary I made sure she had a great day but I started Cutting again. [End Title]: Say what you want about cutters, it’s just for people who want attention or blah blah blah. But for me it’s a way to release emotions. I have a hard time expressing my emotions openly especially sadness and crying. So cutting helps me start the tears and all my emotions pour out with my blood. I’m not attempting Suicide and I don’t plan on dying anytime soon. (Though I tried in the past) I actually feel less stressed and like my emotions aren’t all boiling over.
103	real	This Year (And how it keeps getting worse) [End Title]:  This year has been really hard on me and I feel that if I don’t share this to someone it will only make my feelings worse. I don’t feel my therapist or parents or friends are safe places to disclose all this in its entirety, and so I’m sharing with internet strangers instead. I would appreciate if you read the entirety even though it’s long. I know other people are going through much worse, but that doesn’t change the fact that I’m feeling really bad right now.  So this year started out pretty perfectly honestly. School was fine and I was spending almost all my free time hanging out with my girlfriend. But late January her depression hits an all time high and my seasonal depression also hit hard. She ended up going through a series of psychiatrists and most likely has bipolar disorder. One day she told me she was upset that a lot of our conversations were about her mental health at that point and the next day she broke up with me. She also said she broke up with me because I wasn’t devoutly catholic, didn’t have any productive hobbies, and moved too fast in our relationship. I believe these 3 weren’t her true intentions for breaking up because they were never even mentioned before that day. I am not catholic but I respected her religion and growing up in a catholic household I still follow Christian morals so I don’t understand that. Admittedly I don’t have that many real hobbies and pretty much dedicated my time to her but she never said this before. Also the only time we moved forward in the relationship was after we both consented multiple times so I didn’t understand where that came from. I’ve been heartbroken ever since and really want to get back together. I never felt more important and happy than when I was at her house and we would dance to old vinyls. After she broke up with me my friend group feels like it’s slowly disbanding and It’s so depressing to feel like I’m fading into being a loner.   The next thing revolves around the beginning of quarantine. My mom broke her foot a few weeks in and has been in pain ever since. Online school meant my already shitty AP prep class got worse and I was so stressed for the test. I was bombarded with summer homework and have had to read over 12 books so far and write 5 essays. I did good and got the hard essays out of the way but now I am barely able to find motivation to finish my last 2.   Next is the political unrest in not only America but my family. I fully support B:L:M and A:C:A:B which is problematic when my family is conservative and most of my family including my dad are cops. I’m tired of having to hear my dad and his friends spew hatred and discredit the movement for equality and I feel that if I speak against him he will not only guilt trip me but also think less of me. How he is for Trump I do not know. Also, as much as I enjoy the fact that p0lice brutality and the B:L:M movement is being publicized online, seeing this violence occur in my country every single day on social media is really upsetting and makes me feel unsafe living here.   Today I was told that my grandpa has a leaky valve in his heart and is getting open heart surgery. He’s pretty old and I worry for his ability to recover. My grandma is also struggling with her health and I’m scared to death thinking about how long they will stay here. I also fear for their exposure to COVID-19. They were my primary caretakers in my youth since my parents were focused on their careers.  I signed up to be in my school’s jazz band but I barely even know how to play guitar, let alone jazz guitar and I am nervous to underperform. I’m also scared about time management for school and I don’t want to be as sleep depraved as I was last year (falling asleep downtown on the sidewalk waiting for my bus, in class, etc)  All these things keep compiling and making the previous stuff worse. The main thing is how much I miss my girlfriend honestly. She has a lot of therapy to go through and I would understand if she needed a break to work on herself but from our break up she seemed quite final. I feel so pointless without her and even seemingly minuscule things like our near identical music taste made her such a perfect second half to me. I know that teen romance isn’t a very stable relationship structure and that my sense of love is skewed as a teen; I still feel I’ll never get a love like hers again. For the past week I’ve been having panic attacks about it and haven’t been able to leave my bed.  Thanks for listening if you read, I just really need to get these things shared with someone. I’ve relapsed self harm and am just so sad. Although I most likely won’t attempt, I also keep getting thoughts of killing myself and I just want the thoughts to go away. I don’t want this to come off as some sort of attention seeking post or something, I just really don’t know who else to tell.   Again thanks for just letting me say all this
342	real	My sister walked in on me crying in the bathroom. [End Title]: I was gone for nearly twenty minutes until my sister came. She asked if I’m okay and the crack in my voiced betrayed the response I gave her. She slid under the stall and I erupted in even more tears. But she grabbed some toilet paper and wiped off the mascara stains from my cheeks. I looked up when she told me to. She just left to tell my dad “I’m feeling sick.” I’m currently still in the bathroom wrapping up the finishing touches of my attack.
251	real	Being the middle child is the worst [End Title]: Being the middle child is the worst.    We’re here dead on The floor whilst the youngest in being the most cared for and the oldest being the second most cared for.   I don’t know if it’s just me but, their rude, they steal everything, they act like they own everything you own, even though you put the same amount of money into it, They try to always get into arguments and blame you for everything, Just a hour ago I was blamed for putting the bread in the fridge, and I was blamed for ”wasting knifes”, Meanwhile he could have used the same 2 knifes without wasting the knifes, in case your wondering why 2 knives, we were making peanut butter and nutella sandwiches. I know some of you guys are like “Yea that’s how life works” but in this case, it’s different. He’s been annoying me for more than 5 years. And no matter what, we will always be outnumbered. Conclusion, Being the middle child is the worst, and if your a middle child you can agree.
912	real	Fuck the Moon. [End Title]: Yeah. I said it.   The Moon ain't done shit for black folks. The Moon Landing is a celebration of white privilege. Not ours privilege.  I will beat that Moon's ass. I got beef with the tides too. I'm gonna smack Poseidon upside the head.
632	fake	Thank you, Georgia [End Title]: From ND
191	real	19 and never dated anyone [End Title]: This is something that bothers me someday, while not bothering me at all on other days. Anyways I'm 19 and I've never done anything with anyone. I've never held hands, kissed, had sex, cuddled, or anything else. I've yet to experience being truly in love with a girl and that disappoints me.   This is largely my fault. I've never made a serious attempt to get with anyone who I've ever had a crush on. Mainly this was due to fear of ruining my friendships with the people at the time. I can't go on with this fear anymore.   Anyways I'm not just here to feel bad about myself. I'm here to ask you guys when things got better for you. How many of you were in my situation and how did things change for the better? I just want to know what I have to look forward to in the future.
670	real	it was supposed to be a small rant about my dad and cat, but i feel like i accidentally typed out my entire life's story? [End Title]: summary: an unfiltered 2am vent without grammar about my dad and cat, plus most of my life story. i moved the backstories to the end of this post for a bit more context.   rant: today my dad randomly brought up to my mom that since he's beaten our cat, he goes inside at night on his own.   he was never happy about us getting a cat (even though its not like we're asking him to do anything for him, he just doesnt like pets, and now i recognize that to be the biggest red flag in a person ever. i think if a person can hurt another human, it doesnt mean they will hurt animals. but if they hurt animals, you can almost guarantee they will hurt humans too. most serial killers start with animals. and an example of someone who has brought fear and murdered so many, but wouldn't hurt a dog or even eat animals, is hitler. not that it justifies any of his actions, he's just an example here.) peanut was born a feral cat in the wilderness, and wasn't allowed into the backyard out of fear he might run off at his previous owners house. but here he goes in and out as he likes, but we keep him in at night since theres skunks and more critters after dusk. so now of course he's going to cherish the outside after being deprived for three years. yet for some reason even though he could call either my mom, sister or me to pick him up and bring inside before locking the doors at night, he chooses to (in his words) "chase" the cat in. of course thats not going to work, cats are agile enough to not be caught by a stupid man running after him in a yard with obstacles. and so then he resorts to (also in his words) beating the cat, so now peanut comes in on his own. i still don't know what exactly he did to the cat, but clearly it hurt enough to work. we just thought that peanut had learned by habit to come in around dusk himself, because thats the type of cat he already is.  i heard him tell my mom as him coming up the stairs from the basement, cleaning the litterbox. and i just say "next time tell me to bring him in". and he just starts yelling at me? we talk in chinese, so ill roughly translate. he yells at me "dont you talk with that attitude to me" in my face, and my mom is still trying to understand why my dad would (presumably) beat the cat? peanut is literally the best behaved cat my mom has ever met, and she had three cats growing up. he has never ruined our furniture, never knocked things over on purpose, very unproblematic and fitting for an entitled person like my dad. i dont know how to describe it, but he sets fucking unreachable expectations for things, then is furious they arent met. untrained dogs/puppies cant bark or they are stupid and annoying, cats have to be completely silent and rubbing against my dad's legs is a threat to his fucking ignorant ego apparently. he doesnt deserve anything he has in my opinion. pity he was standing near the basement door while peanut was hungry.   so i go in the next room because my stupid defense mechanism is tears. i am not an emotional person, and really only cry tears of frustration and anger. nothing sad ever triggered my crying. and i kid you not i felt like boiling blood. then in the other room he's still saying things like "oh what, so now i cant beat the cat?" no. no you cant. because he has never done anything to you. i also remember saying something like "well of course if you chase him hes not going to just run home" and my dad says "well why wouldn't the cat want to come home?" WELL I DONT FUCKING KNOW, maybe because it would drive him insane too to spend a full day inside with a pile of walking shit. i swear the men in my family have nothing but the audacity. i am over and tired of their shit, but now i also feel like an overdramatic teenager talking this way.   im tired and i very much so want to fix my sleep schedule, but my dad takes away my wifi during the day, but since im the only person who knows im not stupid enough to have him control my life, i can only use it at night. im sorry if i wasted your time reading this, i might delete it later, but its mainly so i have a record of this day to look back on. i dont remember everything my dad said, there was more, but i feel delusional so i should go. if you're still here, thank you.  \*\*\*plus what i hate most, i can't do anything about it because i didnt know what was happening. i assumed my sister (who loves a chance and reason to pick up the cat) has been bringing him in. my god i hate that what he did worked because thats why my dad keeps doing it, but im glad because now he doesnt have a reason to hurt the cat anymore. i guess its the best i can hope for because hes still the main provider for our family even if my mom works a bit now, and he buys the kitty litter/cat food.  backstory about my dad: my dad has always been physically and verbally abusive to me, its definitely not as bad as some cases, but it still scarred me and basically ruined my childhood. my family was the main reason why i loved school so much and dreaded summer vacation, i havent gone a year since grade 1 without some form of physical violence in the summer break. and it sucks bc now im watching my siblings grow up with a completely different view and very different memories than what i had.   anyways, the point was that my dad is abusive, my mom is not, unless she's having a bad day and honestly if she gets mad we probably deserve it.   backstory about my cat: peanut's the sweetest and best behaving cat you could ask for with my dad's stupid standards. it's a bit complicated how we got him, he used to be a feral cat and was taken in by a shelter at (estimated) one year old. one of our close neighbors adopted him three years ago in 2018. our neighbors are a family of three, mom, dad, daughter, and they live with the daughter's maternal grandmother. lets call the daughter raina, and the grandmother sun (common chinese surname).   raina is very spoiled, and their family has a high income rate with both parents working. she had a pet bird she sold in order for her parents to get her a cat. a year later she wanted a dog, so they got a sheltie puppy. i guarantee you i know more about both peanut and her dog than she does, and as their neighbor has walked her dog more in the past week than she has ever in her life. the point is that she doesn't actually care about her pets, and only really wants them for the purpose of saying "i have pets". and because she doesn't take any of the responsibilities of having pets, all those tasks are left to sun. after 3 years of handling everything without raina ever helping out, and my mom letting them k we could take peanut in rather him go back to a shelter, they bring him over april 2021. and it was a surprise visit, so we just suddenly had a cat.
42	real	I said something very harsh to my mother today. [End Title]: Today as me and my mom were having a heated discussion,  I said something very harsh which it didnt even add to the argument at all. It came out as a threat and now I feel awful. I didnt even intend for it to sound like that. It was just something I said without thinking.   Now the guilt is eating me alive. I already said I was sorry but i still feel like i might've irreversibly altered our dynamic. Shes an amazing person and a very good mom so this adds even more to the negative feelings I'm experiencing over this. She definitely didnt deserve that.   Been rolling around in my bed for an hour now trying to not freak out over it. I just wish I could take it back, what I said I mean.   The possibility of me having ruined my relationship with my mother because I'm an idiot who doesnt filter what she says and gets carried away is upsetting me a lot.   Okay, this was about it. I guess I just need to get this out there. If you're reading this, be nice to your moms.
979	real	I love my boyfriend so much [End Title]: I just love everything he does and all about who he is and I cannot wait to start a family and a life with him!
682	real	Why should I be nice to you when you've never been nice to me [End Title]: I don't even know where to start with this but my mom invited my uncle to the house without even telling me and I don't like to say I hate people, but I hate him. He's creepy and immature and is constantly criticizing me. First, he always has to put his hands on me when my entire family knows it makes me uncomfortable (I have aversions to touch) but they all just laugh about it. He's constantly criticizing me and my choices, putting me down for not being able to drive, still living at home, not having a job, not being in a relationship, and even being disabled. Not only that, but the way he talks about people is not good. It's almost like no one can do anything right in his eyes. He does drugs, he drinks himself to oblivion, and he's just an overall mean person. I feel unsafe around him but my family doesn't care about that because apparently I'm the one that has to be nice because "he's family" when he can sit there and call me stupid, lazy, and ugly and he can hold me down and restrain me while my family just watches and laughs. I don't understand why I have to be nice to him when he's never been nice to me.
859	real	I think people who buy new cars are idiots. [End Title]: Well, the title pretty much sums it up, and I know that there has to be suckers (according to my perspective) for used cars to exist to purchase, but I honestly feel that people that go to dealerships and purchase brand new cars are absolutely idiotic.  I would say that there's a spectrum of idiocy, though.  If you're a millionaire and buy yourself a $80k truck you can afford and you like to keep up with the Joneses, fine.. I still think it's a waste of money and isn't really that important or significant, but you do you.  But if you're making $40k/year and buy a $35k sedan or something, and have to make payments on it for the next 5+ years, you're a dolt.  It's not that I'm judging people for liking nice things, I like nice things, too.. but I feel that so many people buy things to fit in or for social clout, and I simply don't have that need. And I understand this is a value judgement. Don't think I'm trying to tell you that you're wrong.
987	real	I am mentally incapable of completing most homework assignments [End Title]: So ever since I've started school this year, I've been unable to work on homework assignments that didn't hold enough of my interest. You know that feeling when you want to jump off something but your mind just doesn't let you? or when you've been running for a while and you just can't. anymore? because that's how I feel every night. I feel like quarantine has screwed up the way I do work. As of rn, my grades are mostly dependant on successful test scores and whatever I can get done during school.
92	real	I've been cheating on my wife and SO of 11 years using Tinder [End Title]: Let me start by saying that I feel so guilty yet I've had this urge for the past 10 years that I haven't "experienced" enough in my life, and I'm getting older.  I feel like I need to get it off my chest because of the guilt, but I can't stop myself from doing it.  A little background, including my wife I've only slept with 3 girls in my life.  All of them were relatively flat chested.  My wife is pretty, but I've also had a thing for petite women and she is slim but not petite.  We've been married for a few years now but I always felt like I wanted to sleep with petite and larger chested women.  I basically was okay with this because I would just look up the appropriate porn and satisfy myself that way.  That led to a particular decline in our life in the bedroom, which has been happening for the past few years.  I was okay with this, though.  Not long ago, I realized I was getting older and fatter, with less hair, and started to wonder if women even find my attractive anymore.  I figured the easiest way was to get on Tinder and just check it out.  It didn't take long before I had a girl (who was unattractive and obese) send me very sexual messages and asking me to come over.  I ended up just deleting Tinder.  Well, a year later I came back and lost some weight and was exercising, so I was curious again, so I re-enabled my account to get it going.  Not 2 days into it, I super like an incredibly attractive woman who was exactly what I was looking for... shes 5'2, 90lbs, but probably a C cup.  Her profile explicitly states "no hook ups" but I message her and she is already very interested.  I end up meeting her for dinner and she's a little older than her pics, but otherwise everything else is great.  Nothing happens on the first date but we end up texting/calling each other and talking late into the night.  I feel really guilty but the thrill of the chase is something that I hadn't had in a long time and it's too addictive.  Now, at this point, I'm sure a lot of people already consider it cheating.  I'm flirting and texting and went on a date with another girl.  Then we went on another date, several weeks later.  This time, we end up holding hands and we generally get handsy with each other and kiss.  For our third date, we're basically like a couple and I can't help myself.. she wants to take selfies together, we link arms, and we have make out sessions.  We had a long walk on the beach where it was quite intimate.  So that's that.  I feel horrible and know my life could be ruined, but at the same time I can't shake that feeling of wanting to experience more before I get too old.  I feel like I could just have a few sessions with her and I'd be okay with resuming my normal life...
458	real	I feel like I stole my research project from my friend [End Title]: I'm in a science program where do you academic research in highschool. I got sorted into my lab in October, along with my friend. It was a subject she loved for a while, and that I knew nothing about. However I was sorted into the lab before her, then she asked special permission to join (she was originally sorted into another lab). I was happy and so was she.  However, there was a subject within the subject we both wanted to work on. The alternative was a project we were both less enthusiastic about.  She found the subject first, and I thought it was cool too. It should be said I expressed interest in the area of the subject way beforehand. How I remembered it was: -we both wanted the subject, however she was a more informed about it. I still knew what I was talking about.  -We flipped a coin thrice, I won. She was a bit bummed, but then she found a new side to her less preferred project and now is happy she got it instead. We're towards the end of our research. She recently revealed she's a bit upset about how it happened. How she remembers it is: -I tagged along to what she did -I knew basically nothing about it and only read the headline of the subject -I unfairly got it through luck  And I think she's probably right, and it's really eating me up inside. I feel like I stole her project, and that my research is invalidated. I should mention I don't think that was her intention. It's really bothering me, as in the last few months ut has become the labor of love.
91	real	I don’t know if this is officially considered racism, because I have no problem with Eastern Asian Men. However, I can’t stand Eastern Asian Women. [End Title]: I’ve always gotten this vibe that they look at me as a lesser-human being. I don’t think an Asian woman has ever looked me in the eye or spoken to me, even when I’ve directly spoken to them. I get a lot of evil little looks and smirks walking by them too.  They also seem so opportunistic as they’re always strictly dating white guys, hanging out with white women, and really just ignoring people of color. People always say that it has to do with culture, but I just think they’re the ultimate practicers of hypergamy.   Maybe I give off an aura around them. Whenever I think these things, I know in my heart that it’s wrong because my Mother and Father didn’t raise me this way, but whenever I hear an Asian woman talk down about Asian men, who have been nothing but awesome throughout my life, these feelings come back up again.  I just needed to write this out. Hopefully I look back on it and finally realize I’m an idiot and shouldn’t think like this.
933	real	I'm sick of the negativity around reddit and the world, there are sooo many things to be excited and optimistic about! [End Title]: Listen, I get it, times are hard. There is a ton of suffering going on. I've seen my fair share of it this year with loss of family members and even lost a child to miscarriage. My patients have suffered from the virus and some of my patients have died. I've feared to bring home the virus to my family and seen how mental health has worsened in the population and in my patients. With news of new variants, political and social discord, increasing tribalism, global warming, and growing wealth disparity, it might seem like the future is bleak and nothing is going right. Yet, I'm tired of people not at least giving some time to the opposite side of the conversation.   **Honestly, there is sooo much to be grateful for and things in the future to look forward to including the following:**   - Throughout the world there are **literally millions of scientists and engineers around the world working to make a better tomorrow for you and your family.** Who knows what the future may hold! You might even be one of those people who introduce a major game changer.    - Contrary to what you might think from watching the news, our world has **made incredible progress**to decrease **world poverty**, decreased **global child mortality**, increased **freedom** as a whole in most countries, and **expanded education** to billions of people [click here for charts, graphs, and data examining this](https://ourworldindata.org/a-history-of-global-living-conditions-in-5-charts).   - **Some Cool Medical Breakthroughs**: Hepatitis C is now curable. The rate of new HIV diagnosis are on the decline. People with HIV, with the right treatment, can live to a very old age. Step cell therapies have even cured an individual of sickle cell disease. Click these links for top medical discoveries of [2018](https://www.carecloud.com/continuum/top-20-healthcare-technology-advances/), [2019](https://www.mdlinx.com/article/7-biggest-clinical-advances-of-2019/lfc-4673), [2020](https://newsroom.clevelandclinic.org/2019/10/23/cleveland-clinic-unveils-top-10-medical-innovations-for-2020/).   - The world is continuing to **invent things that help humanity** [click here for more top recent inventions](https://time.com/collection/best-inventions-2020/).    - Some of the best video games, music, theatre, tv-shows, and movies **have yet to be made!** There isn’t even enough time in your entire life to enjoy all of the incredible artwork and media that has already been invented and available to you!   - Even a simple meal that you purchase as a restaurant is incredible. When you pause to think of all of the people, companies, organizations that it took to bring it all together, it is truly mindboggling. For example, [read this article](https://www.theverge.com/2015/9/17/9344597/man-spent-six-months-1500-making-sandwich-from-scratch) about a man who tried to just make a simple sandwich truly from scratch by himself.   - Mental illness, and the treatment of mental illness **is becoming more acceptable** in popular culture. There are also new treatments for depression (eg. Ketamine) and for those who feel suicidal.[Click here to read more about increasing acceptance](https://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2019/05/mental-health-survey).    - New vaccines developed recently **may help to cure diseases like Malaria** [click here for more]( https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/malaria-vaccine-cases-africa-latest-b1835997.html). Paternity leave is increasing on average in many parts of the world.    - Many endangered animals **are making a comeback** including Bald Eagles, Peregrine Falcons, Manatees, Sea Turtles and many more [click here for more](https://www.endangered.org/success-stories/). More than ever, people have learned how to connect via video conferencing, allowing us to connect with people all around the world.   - The **internet has come together** to do some incredible things including Planting over 7.1 million trees [click her for more details](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Team_Trees). Raising awareness and money for ALS through the ice bucket challenge [read more here](https://www.als.org/stories-news/ice-bucket-challenge-dramatically-accelerated-fight-against-als) . Was able to make picking up trash trendy #TrashTag [click here](https://www.forbes.com/sites/trevornace/2019/03/12/trashtag-challenge-goes-viral-as-people-share-beforeafter-photos-of-their-cleanup/?sh=11fe14f495e8). Internet strangers have gone to sites like have raised well over 10 billion dollars with over 120,000,000 donations!   - Education, and high quality education **is becoming free** and available online. [Click for lists of some of the best places to get a free education](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/malaria-vaccine-cases-africa-latest-b1835997.html).   - You can now literally **learn how to do almost anything through online** videos and tutorials, especially helpful for those in poverty.   - Electronics have become **cheaper, faster and more accessible** throughout the world. And much much more.   TL/DR: There is much to be grateful for, excited about, and the future has many bright spots to look forward to. What else would you add to this list?
735	real	My friend married someone that is too good for them. [End Title]: I have a friend of about 7 years that has been like a sibling to me since we met. We met during rambunctious college years and partied a lot together. We have seen the best and worst of each other. About 2 years ago, they entered into a relationship with a really awesome person. I mean this person is smart, kind, honest, cooked and cleaned for my friend. Dropped anything they were doing for whatever my friend needed or wanted. They are also a bit quiet and naive, but nonetheless a very sweet person. They fought and broke up about 6 months in, when my friend openly flirted with someone in front of them and was caught texting someone else sexually. It broke their partner’s heart and I felt for them.  I told my friend that they would never find someone as good as this person again. I told them they should apologize and fix what they broke and win them back. So they fought for it and got back together. They were married about 6 months later. I never thought the quick marriage was a good idea.   Since then, my friend has made their marriage a little uneasy. Suggesting and open marriage and threesomes when their parter is definitely NOT down. They have been having problems sexually between them, rooted in my friend’s issues that they refuse to work through. They are talking about joining the military when their partner is not comfortable with the idea. And my friend’s partner is constantly looking to me for advice on being less submissive and voicing what they want or don’t want.   I want to tell them to divorce my friend. Because they are simply too good for them. My friend is careless and ungrateful for this wonderful person. They constantly push them around and never hear out their opinion on anything. I’m sick of my friend wasting this poor person’s time. Had to let that out to someone.
369	real	The only thing keeping me from cheating is sexting and turning myself into a submissive slut for complete strangers. [End Title]: I discovered my lust for anal in the last year. Long story short (You're more than invited to read my posts to understand the "severity" of it) - I'm an anal virgin, my husband isn't a factor in changing it nor he will be, and I desperately need a real cock up my ass or I'll go insane.   However since writing my first post in reddit I realized the only thing that keeps me from actively seeking the real thing and completely let myself succumb to it and probably find myself in a way of no return, is getting back home in the evening, push my anal plug or dildo in my ass and just completely lose myself sexting with complete strangers.  I summon them by posting "sexy" pics of myself and begging for sexual attention in other subreddits in order to escalate it. It works, there are no short of messages, and God knows I'm becoming a total anal slut for the ones actually turning me on and willing to keep up with my kinks.  On one hand I feel I totally abuse it yet on the other, I feel it's somehow a blessing, since it keeps my mind away from actively pursuing it with a real guy. I'm also still managing to contain it, not sending nudes or video chatting and keeping a clear line. Do you think sexting is a decent substitute for my crave, knowing the implications of what a potential cheat will do to my marriage?
252	real	Itd be a fucking miracle if I live to 21 [End Title]: I'm 20, birthday is in December. I absolutely hate my fucking life. Everytime I have something good for me I push it away. I cant fucking take it anymore, I'm constantly in a battle in my mind and I cant seem to understand why. I just want to fucking end it all but I can't do that to my brother, he just fucking graduated the same college I'm currently going to. Why am I like this. Why cant I know what the fuck to do? I cant wait any longer, I need an answer.
203	real	Troubles pleasuring myself. [End Title]: Ever since we broke up, I haven’t been able to pleasure myself. Not sure if it’s the heartbreak that I can’t let go of my thoughts and enjoy it or if I just miss her so much as she was technically my first partner I had intercourse with. Technically because my first time I was raped and other encounters did not involve penetration. I love her so much and now she’s gone. She was the only person that has made me had a full blown orgasm, all other encounters it was just to get the deed done but not a full body experience. She was the best I ever had. Heartbroken and unsatisfied. Out.
314	real	I'm probably miscarrying again [End Title]: It sucks.   I was so excited and so happy. Planned to tell my family this weekend. Husband and I and our living daughter have been over the moon.   But I had a bad feeling. I was having constant nightmares about losing my daughter or this baby. To the point I was waking up shivering in terror. Usually my pregnancy dreams are vivid but not that bad. I also had weird cramping unlike my one successful pregnancy.  I made my doctor do blood levels, and my blood tests show the pregnancy is not progressing correctly. It is progressing, but not at the speed it should be and that is very concerning.  I wish I had been wrong.   It sucks to be sitting here when I should be working and know that my baby is either dead/dying inside me or, heaven forbid, ectopic and preparing to try to kill me. I spent all morning puking because morning sickness. All weekend sick and exhausted but it was okay because it was for the baby. Now it feels like I feel this way for nothing.  I'm waiting for the call from my OB with directions of how to proceed. Either I will go in and they will find something on an ultrasound (in the right place, we would end up having to wait it out; in the wrong place, I'd get the injection to kill it so it hopefully doesn't kill me first), or they will find nothing because there isn't anything to see yet. In that case, it would likely be more waiting.   I am just so tired of waiting.   This baby would have been due on my birthday. I was so excited for a birthday buddy. Now instead, it will be like March 13, which was the due date for the last baby we miscarried. A day that makes me sad and think about how things would have been if things were different. I had plans to light a candle for that baby in just a few days.  What sucks even worse is we can't tell anyone. Miscarriage is common but awkward and no one likes to think about it. Anyone you do tell usually doesn't know how to respond. Childfree people think "good for you" or "adopt instead!" (which we tried before but were told we wouldn't be able to due to a whole different issue, thanks conservative state) and people with kids go "it will happen eventually!" which does nothing to help now. Don't even get me started on the "God's plan" people. That is why we aren't telling my parents.  There is maybe a 2% chance things will be fine. Dr. Google says my numbers are far below average and usually lead to ectopic or miscarriage, but there are a few posts where someone ended up just having a twin who died or a freak thing like that. But it is toxic to hold onto hope like that and would only make it harder.   Been waiting... 6 hours since the second nurse called and wrote down my symptoms AGAIN and reiterated that she would talk to my doctor and call back soon with the plan. Still waiting...
610	real	TBH Just bored, don’t feel like physically journaling. [End Title]: Is there a journaling sub? I should’ve checked that first but shit i’m already here so. fuck it.  I’m trying to sort out a few things in life rn.  Between my podcast, personal training license, gf, bodybuilding and reading - I have alot to put on my plate to stay busy and fulfilled but - I don’t take as much action as I could.   I know how to make and manage a schedule - I know what poor habits I have that are stopping me from acting as effectively as I could.... but I don’t.   It’s weird - i’m just, okay with where i’m at, I’m happy. I don’t see a need to be hyper productive but i’m no where near where I need to be financially to support my future family.  It’s kind of like limbo. The future right now seems uncertain - it is uncertain. It feels like radical change is in the midst but rationality tells me the change to come will like be minuscule with regards to how it effects my financial and professional future.  So is it excuse making? High level justification to excuse my lack of action? I know I could do more, be more, I want it but I just don’t “need” it.   It reminds me of that silly video they always played before games in high-school. The one with the black man shouting a room of college students telling them “when you want success as much as you want to breathe, then you will be successful”. I always disliked these type of messages - I saw it as dramatic. I’ve been able to achieve a lot when I gave in to my passionate selfs proclivity to radical action but a small part of me always sneaks back in, tells me “you need to chill bro, life isn’t that serious, you’re trying to hard”.   It’s this pompous cool guy attitude that tries to takeover my persona. Isn’t that odd? That one person can experience himself as a different self than the version of him that’s reading this text now?  I’ve take. many personas in my lifetime; Graffiti artist, Emo kid, Band-geek, Wrestler, bodybuilder, sales professional, spiritually “woke” guy.   The mind works to keep a consistent stream of consciousness for you. It creates a story for you, one that tales a tell of triumphs over tribulations and losses, it helps you to keep the appearances that you were the same person all the way through that movie.   I think that If you take a clip from the movie that is your life and compare it to other clips, snipped from further along the same timeline of the movie, you would hardly believe it’s the same person. Now, this would only be the case if you watched these clips in the first person. 3rd person perspective gives you the image of a similar looking human that one could conclude is still the same man.   So is it that i’m at a point in life where it’s time to adjust the persona? Take a look at my character and choose the story that I want him to carry forward?  Maybe this purgatory of meaning could serve as an opportunity! A time for a reinvention of the self!   That sounds slightly scary now that I think of it. Making a “different me” or “new me” what does that really even mean? What is the mechanism in the mind that keeps me from experiencing what people might call “split personality disorder”. Does this line of thought, the idea of creating a “new me” edge on the border of split persona disorders? Man, who knows. Well, probably a psychologist. I’m just a baphoone with a phone. I was wonder, how would I help my girlfriend keep her marbles in the bag in the  event she experienced a psychological hiccup? Her dad had an episode that destroyed their family, I think it’s one of the reasons she tries so hard to make sure we’re equipped to be good parents and to raise happy and courageous children. I’d still love her - i’d do what I could to keep her steady while the waves of insanity clash on the shores of our lives. Her dad came back to sanity after a while - It’d be reasonable to assume that for her, it’d be the same. She hasn’t shown any signs that would lead anyone to believe this will happen to her. She’s healthy physically and mentally. It’s best to mentally prepare - life has a way of giving you raisins when you’re looking for lemons.
958	real	Being raped. [End Title]: I never told a single soul what happened. 2 years after the incident I told my mother 'i was raped' I refused to say who it was, and I reassured her that she did not know the person. That was all a lie. I know exactly who did it, my cousin, Mitchell. Do you think I need to tell someone?
187	real	Just found out one of my best friends (28M) is having an affair with his married boss [End Title]: He is one of my closest friends and I found out about this today though I did suspect this before.The person who I looked up to and held a very high opinion of somehow let me down with this behavior.
265	real	Being toxically positive towards someone who feels genuinely down about a situation is just an excuse for your inability to show empathy [End Title]: I see it online all the time. And in real life. People want to shove their positive parade down people's throats which makes people bottle up the negative emotions they are feeling and never release them. people need to release and share what they grieve, or a difficult situation they are going through because it's an important step to help overcome them. some people instantly jump to, 'that's negative' 'look on the bright side,' 'cup half full rather than empty,' without seeing a situation from a realistic standpoint; which basically makes you seem extremely incompetent and incapable of showing even an ounce of empathy or relate to what the person is going through to help them feel better about what they are going through.
364	real	I got my closure. [End Title]: I sent a fifteen-minute recording through a dummy-Reddit to the brother who'd hurt me. I needed closure. I was sick of having this knot in my chest, this pain that kept me feeling empty. I don't care if he listens to it if he thinks I'm sick in the head for saying he hurt me if he thinks I'm full of shit or lying. I don't even care if he realizes I sent him a recording. The mere idea of a recording he can access being present, from me to him, getting what I deserve: Closure... makes me happy.   I spent 8 years being a brother to that guy.   With just a few words over text, he made me feel more pain through a period of two and a half months than I'd ever felt in my entire life. I've been assaulted, abused, neglected. But he still hurt me more than any of those people before him...   I needed to tell him how it felt, how it hurt me.
872	real	I have a genuine fear of having a disabled child [End Title]: I think my fear stems from having a disabled younger brother. I love my brother and do everything I can for him and I’m fortunate to be in a family where everyone is willing to make sacrifices to better his life in any way we can.   With that being said, whenever I think about my future I can’t help but think about if I’d be capable of the affection, work, and providing the constant attention that my parents have always given to my brother. I often think about when my parents get older and can’t help take care of him anymore, and if I’d be able to take care of both him and my hypothetical disabled child. I don’t think I know myself well enough to determine if I could give them the absolute best possible life they could have, if I’d be willing to dedicate every ounce of my time and energy into taking care of both my child and my brother for the rest of my life.   This fear has run so deep that it deeply impacts my romantic life, I’m 27 and go on a fair number of dates, but whenever I feel a genuine connection theres a good chance that part of my brain reminds me that I’m afraid to have a child, and I should probably just end it before I develop genuine feelings. My longest relationship was a little over a year and it ended because of this fear.  I’ve recently began speaking to a therapist, just to have someone unbiased to talk too about these feelings, but it also feels good to write all this out for this post. This isn’t something I’ve ever discussed with my family or friends.  Thanks for listening, I wrote this on my lunch break at work so it may be a little messy and I also didn’t want it to be too long. Love you all.
636	real	I sucked my thumb until i was a teenager [End Title]: I'm 23 now and I just looked down at my thumbs and remembered. I used to suck my thumb basically for my entire childhood and I stopped some time when I was like 13. Then I think I had to stop because my front teeth were so pushed out, I had to get braces.  My left thumb is a totally different shape than my right thumb, it's skinnier and longer. My right thumb is wider and the nail is flatter. They've looked like this for as long as I can remember, I guess they haven't really grown/changed in the 10 years since I stopped. It's always been interesting (almost cool) to me to think how I made it look like that lol.  I also kept my baby blanket until I was 18 when it fell apart (one of my grandmas crocheted it I think). My mom crocheted me a replacement and I still have that one &amp; sleep with it every night.   A few years ago my mom found an old parenting book that said "let your kids suck their thumb and sleep with a baby blanket, they will grow out of these habits quickly on their own". She read that to me and we both laughed LOL.  How my parents never sent me to therapy the whole time i lived with them amazes me...
220	real	One of my biggest turn on’s [End Title]: One of my biggest turn on is public sex. The chance of being caught turns me on like nothing else. I’ve done it at a park near my home multiple times, off the jogging path in the woods, in the restroom, and other places. The riskiest place I’ve ever had sex was in the middle of the movie theater. Not in the theater bathroom or something like that, but in the actual theater. I wish I had someone I could do this kinda stuff with again.
256	real	I’m going back to school! [End Title]: After a shit few years losing my health, my business and my relationship I’ve been in a hole. Today I enrolled with the OU to do the degree I always wanted to do. I’m so excited and I don’t want anyone I know to ruin this feeling with negative bullshit!  It’s going to be hard but right now I enjoying doing something positive
114	real	U s e r : imjustbadbadnews [End Title]: I hope you’re okay
466	real	i was always there [End Title]: i hope you’ll remember me, i was always there for you. and i hope you’ll remember me forever :&gt;
324	real	My assistant is like having another child in my classroom. [End Title]: I teach 4 yr olds. My assistant has been in my class for 3 months now. She has high functioning aspbergers. I have to be so direct and clear with her and she still doesn’t understand, and I don’t know what to do. I constantly have to tell her she cannot talk about sex stuff, swear, or other inappropriate things in the classroom. The kids are potty trained and have accidents every time I leave the room for lunch or end of shift, because she either she genuinely thinks they are lying to her or because she forgets that they need reminders to use the bathroom. She thinks they are having accidents on purpose. I have to remind her to not talk over my circle time and allow the kids to focus, remind her to not scream (yes scream) every time it rains, a dog walks by, or a kids mask falls off. I am doing my absolute best to be a good preschool teacher and a good coworker. I am trying to figure out the best way to help her be a good assistant. But every time I gently guide her to doing something in a different way, she gets so upset and feels so bad and just shuts down.  I don’t know how to help her or myself and I am so exhausted
65	real	My life these past couple of years has been crazy. [End Title]: A couple years ago I had a moment where I realized who I’d become. I realized the things that I had done to people and the things I had said. The people I had left without explanation. Just left them to wonder what they did wrong. There wasn’t a single time where I had remorse until that day. And I felt it all. Every bit of it. Talk about feeling like you deserve nothing but death, man I hated myself and did in fact try to kill myself. I was at an all time low. So I made a vow to change. About 8 months later, here I am. I’ve made it all right. I still wasn’t happy. I had pleased everyone else for 8 months straight why wasn’t I happy? I lost myself. I didn’t know what I liked, didn’t like, wanted to do, didn’t want to do. Nothing truly satisfied me and I had no idea why. Now about a year and 5 months later. Here I am engaged with a 3 week old daughter named Addison Claire and I can’t believe it. My life is so much better. So when people tell you it gets better with time, they aren’t lying.
994	real	I use to pretend to "milk my hair" [End Title]: I would always tug on my hair like i was milking a cow and lick the ends of my hair...
408	real	Why does becoming an ex make someone so mean? [End Title]: I broke up with him because it wasn't working. I get that doesn't always feel like enough of a reason, but we broke up/ got back together a few times. We tried. It didn't work.  I really loved him; but at some point, the continual need reassurance of "there aren't any issues" BECAME an issue. Love isn't enough. We have different communication styles and love languages and I didn't get what I needed to enjoy being together -- I can only assume he wasn't getting his needs filled either.  But he is still a great guy  ...or so I thought. The people who know you the best are the ones who know what to say to hurt you the most. He's been saying mean things and taking personal jabs at me  I haven't responded to any messages. How could I? What good would it do? I know breaking up hurt his heart but I don't think that's an excuse to be so hurtful to me.  Goodbye to him. If this is how you treat people when you're upset, then I'm glad I am out of our relationship. I am better off now. I've had so much mental peace. I've done all my to-do list items and am reviving old hobbies. Thanks for reminding me how much better off I am without that negativity in my life.
320	real	I QUIT MY JOB BECAUSE I WAS JELOUS OF ANOTHER EMPLOYEES SUCCESS. [End Title]: TLDR.  Sorry in advance, it's my first ever post, It's far too long and there's not a great pay off. anon because my old boss used to lurk on Reddit.   Kind of a confession as my employer had no idea that's why I quit.  I (35M) started working for a mid level packaging firm a while ago. Started at the bottom and after 2 years I had been promoted twice, I was now in a production department where most people ended up, everyone was cool, we all had our own machines to run and our own work plans to adhere to, because of this there was no set break times we just took our breaks individually between jobs.  One of the guys there was called Doug. Doug had been there for a few years before me and was generally disliked by most of the workforce, management included. He was lazy, had bad production figures, smoked like a trooper and had several smoke breaks a day on top of his regular allowed breaks, he was also pretty arrogant at times and out right dismissive of most people but he was kept on because he knew the job inside out, could do other roles in the company and generally kept to himself.  I happened to quite like Doug, he was always offering to help me and gave good advice, he told me something once which literally improved my performances greatly. I could tell right away that Doug was smart, he was foreign but his English was impeccable, he was well spoken, obviously educated to a good level and clearly he was alot smarter than the other guys, when I tried to tell them that Doug was actually quite intelligent they would scoff and basically deny it.   Fast forward 2 years. I was approached by a colleague (Tyler) from another department, he ran an experimental machine that was really taking off and they needed to expand from a 1 man to a 3 man team. It was very technical stuff involving mathematical equations and a good knowledge of physics. He was head hunting people for interviews and wanted me to apply as I'd been excelling recently. He also approached Doug and a few other people too. It was massively out of my knowledge bracket but I breezed the interview and was given a role along with another guy (Tommy), unfortunately Doug missed out.  Not long afterwards word got around that Doug was very unhappy, he was saying they had got it wrong and that they had hired the wrong guys for the job and it would all fail because we weren't up to the task, I also heard he was incredibly arrogant in his interview and because of that had blown his chances. I thought he was rather bitter over his rejection but I got the job and he didn't so I didn't really care.   From the start it was obvious I was hopelessly out of my depth, the machine was magic as far as I was concerned and the physics aspect baffled me. I just coasted through day by day without ever properly applying myself and was basically a fraud. I somehow made it work through sheer determination. We did some really cutting edge stuff for about 18 months but  the work load was becoming too much. We needed a 4th man.  Enter The Doug.  So the hiring process started again, only this time nobody wanted it, by now the role was famously difficult and since there was no increase in pay nobody wanted it...apart from Douglas....Douglas wanted it, and it just so happened that he was the only applicant. Tyler confided in me that he was loath to give him the job but I convinced him otherwise, I told him that Doug would be good for the team, that we needed the help, he was intelligent enough to grasp the complexities of the role and if he refused him again it would look like discrimination. So Doug joins the team and immediately I realised I was fucked.  Wow, just wow! Douglas was incredible, he absorbed everything, it took him less than 6 months to learn what had taken me 2 years, he had some Kim Peek style recall shit going on and I fucking hated him for it. With Doug Peek on the team it was only a matter of time before I would be exposed as a charlatan.   The more Doug improved the more I regressed, instead of rising to his presence and improving myself I gradually wilted, I made mistakes, my mind failed me and I was being exposed on a weekly basis. I pathetically resented him because he was brilliant. I was no longer the main man and it made me rage. He was taking over, telling me what to do, trying to teach me things I should have known but didn't know but ignorantly pretended I did know. Everything he said and did just worked, his ideas were fresh and he had a good clear vision for the department. Fuck Douglas I thought, he's just arrogant. My dissent into bitter jealousy had begun. After a while we were due to attend a convention abroad to showcase the departments skills, exciting times I naively thought, the apex of my journey so far, the coveted business trip abroad.   When Tyler tentatively brought up the coveted business trip abroad I had a sense of unease, he was nervous and I knew what was coming, I pleaded inwardly with him to no avail...Tyler and Doug Peek would be attending the convention, 5 star business class all expenses paid and I would be staying behind to "man the Fort" as he said. My dispair was obvious, I couldn't hide it, sorry he said, we need your experience here whilst we're gone.  How dare you take Doug I raged to myself, disgraceful brilliant Doug. He was right of course, he never said it but we knew, Doug totally deserved it and I didn't. I hope your plane crashes you treacherous bastards I unashamedly raged. I could see what was happening, his path was set and it was a only a matter of time before Doug Peek would become Doug Peek the supervisor. Over my jealous dead body will I call you boss I thought. It was time find me another job.   I started scouring the Web for jobs, applying regularly, I used my works email and my works laptop, I didn't care if they found out, I'd become something I was ashamed of and my response was to run. I harboured a deep resentment towards Doug even though he'd done nothing wrong, he was just trying be the best he could be but I couldn't stand it, aside from his obviously arrogance he was a good guy and I hated myself for disliking him.  After several interviews and offers of jobs I had no intention of taking I happened upon a job posting totally by chance. The job was in a different sector and was paying an over 50% more than I was currently earning. I sent an application at 3am on a night shift and since it was such a step up in salary I forgot about it on the basis I had no chance of getting it. Imagine my surprise when they contacted me for an interview, I was shocked, pathetic jealous me had an interview. I'm very confident with formal interviews and I can talk shit when needed so again I breezed the interview and was invited for a second interview, I arrived to meet the company manager and after a quick chat he made me an offer I simply couldn't refuse. I was absolutely stunned, I was offered a full time role, with several training courses to enhance my skills, the shifts were much better and it was a pay increase of over 50‰,it was life changing and I immediately accepted.   The timing couldn't have been better, soon after my first interview I was called into the office with Tyler and Douglas Peek, his smug face betrayed the truth, Dougy Knight was now Dougy Knight the supervisor, he would be running the show day to day and I was to report directly to him for everything and anything I needed. I kept a calm demeanour and shook Doug's hand, congratulations I said, you truly deserve it, I meant it. 10days later I formally accepted the job offer. I told Tyler the news that I was leaving. I was nervous as hell and since we were a small team I expected him to try and talk me into staying, he asked what it would take to make me stay but there was nothing, my mind was made up and I was certain I was making right decision. On the day I left I said my goodbyes to the people I'd worked with for 7 years, I felt excited and sad at the same time, I wished Doug and guys all the best and clocked out for the final time.   I learned alot from that whole experience, I was emotionally immature and couldn't handle somebody I previously perceived as beneath me skill wise all of a sudden becoming better than me. It was a nasty attitude to have. I've changed my whole outlook now, I'll always aspire to be as great as I can be rather than sulk and wish people would come down to my level. I've grown up.   That was far too long and I don't think the pay off was worth it for anybody reading this, I apologise, I guess it was just cathartic to get it off my chest.  TLDR. Got a promotion at another employees expense, they eventually got the same job and were much better than me. I got jealous and eventually quit my job because I refused to call them boss when they got promoted above me.
400	fake	I'm a loser [End Title]: K........
989	real	I’m becoming a bad, and rude person [End Title]: Suffice to say, my life hasn’t been going in the direction I want. Almost done with my masters program, and don’t have something directly lined up, but I know I want to have a career as a public servant...  ...but I’m so jaded in humanity. All I saw was the worst in people during the pandemic, and it also brought out the worst in me. I am constantly assuming the worst in people, and recently it’s manifesting in my outward behavior.  The other day at Costco, I was next in queue before the register lady said just give me a second before spending the next 4 minutes counting all the cash in the register. I quickly lost my patience after seeing 1-2 people at every other register, so I asked her, should I go to another register? She said you can, and I know I should have but I retorted with “well, you should have told me earlier” before moving my stuff back into my cart to go to another register. The moment I left, another person took over the register and helped the person behind me. I totally lost my temper and asked “what the hell”. I was so ready to complexly lose it and call them fucking idiots before realizing I was slowly becoming the Karen. This wasn’t an isolated occurrence. There were other times, such as at the post office I thought I got in the right queue before being told “the line starts back there buddy”. I was so convinced that I queued up correctly, and thought they queued up wrong that I told him “yeah? I’ve been here since for last 5 minutes so...”. And ignored him. After that exchange, I thought about it and it was possible I lined up wrong but no one saw me until the line moved a little.
327	real	I’m honestly so pissed [End Title]: I was just scrolling through recent posts on this subreddit when I came across this one post. I don’t want to judge or talk negatively about OP or something, but after reading that post, I got really pissed. It was honestly just so wrong. It seems that they aren’t taking any of the criticism given to them seriously. They post the same thing over and over again.  Yeah. That’s all. 😔
904	real	To that girl I love. [End Title]: I’m in love with this girl, I talk to her everyday. She is just perfect, she talks to me when I’m sad and makes me feel happy. She always messages me to make sure I’m feeling okay and she just makes me feel safe.  She told me she wants to hug me and she genuinely loves me and I don’t know what to do, I’ve never been through this on my 14 years on this planet. I’m so confused and happy, I love her. She is just perfect, she is so pretty, supportive and just loving.    I posted a picture of a girl and a guy hugging in manga style art and she replied with “I’m down” and then said “what day? What time?” and I just didn’t know what to do. I’m new to this love thing, and I sure enjoy it.   No im not in a relationship with her, I don’t feel comfortable with telling her yet. I don’t want to make her uncomfortable.  And I don’t understand why she would choose to talk to me over someone else as she is VERY attractive. Why would a blonde, tall, popular slim girl want to talk to a chubby, nerdy ginger boy? It confuses me, She deserves more than me and I’m scared to confess how I feel to her. I just want to be with her, I want to be in her arms, I want to feel loved. I love you ____
10	real	Ten years and I still love her [End Title]: I never found any other girl. I never wanted any other girl. She's back in my life after so long. Still the lively, bright young woman I remember. Everyone loves her. She's always had friends, girlfriends, admirers, so what's one more? Why can't I feel the same way? Even if I end up exactly where I was,  -which will likely be the case- it'd be worth it. She fell asleep on my couch with her head on my shoulder once. I just want that again.
27	real	People in the Beauty Industry [End Title]: People in the beauty/cosmetic industry are some of the most horribly abusive individuals I’ve ever had the displeasure of working with  That is all  EDIT: I’m referring directly to those higher up in the industry or anyone who puts themselves on a pedestal for being in the line of work. Y’all are heartless, soulless, and prey on the kindness of hardworking individuals who only want to help you create beautiful products. You suck
597	real	Obsessed with my ex [End Title]: I can’t stop thinking about him and wanting him. I know it’s crazy and I know he’s no good for me but he’s all I want. We were supposed to hang out last night and then he just ghosted me. Now I’m sitting here in a panic because I don’t know what happened and all I want is him.
963	real	My girlfriend fabricated a weird lie and I’m so confused and hurt [End Title]: The other day my girlfriend and I are eating dinner watching TV. We’re eating chicken and as soon as I finish one of my pieces, I ask my girlfriend if it’s okay to give her dog one of my bones (I know now you’re not supposed to give your dog certain bones). She replies yes and I give a small chicken wing bone to her dog and he eats it.  She asks me if it’s healthy to give dogs bones like this and I reply, *“it should be, my brother-in-law does this time to time.”* Immediately after she asks that I just go ahead and google it and lo and behold it reads you shouldn’t. I admit my mistake and we both agree to never give her dog chicken bones again. The rest of our dinner we’re just keeping an eye on him while finishing up.   We don’t live together and I haven’t been at my house in some time so I decided to go home. She really wants me to stay but I tell her I want to go home because I want to chill by myself and play video games. She reluctantly says okay and we kiss and say goodbye.  When I get home I go up to my room and start playing video games and put on something from YouTube. I get a text from my girlfriend saying her dog is acting weird and she’s about to take him to the emergency room [It’s 11:45PM]. In my mind I’m saying - *“oh shit, I think it’s the chicken bone I gave him.”* I text her *“Wya?”* And get no response. So I immediately FaceTime her and also get no response. After a failed FaceTime she texts me - *I can’t talk right now I’m on the phone with the VET*  I don’t think too much of it, I just reply - *”okay, just keep me updated”*  I eventually fall asleep and I wake up to a FaceTime call. I answer it and it’s my girlfriend frantically walking around telling me she’s about to take her dog to the Vet. She’s telling me that he was acting weird last night, didn’t get a lot of sleep, and peed in his cage (At this point I’m very concerned about the dog). While she’s FaceTiming me I hear her keys jingling and see her walk to the front door as if she’s about to put her shoes on and go. She says *“okay I’ll just keep you updated on what happens,”* I say *okay* and we both hang up  I text her 30 minutes later:  -*“I love you 🖤 make sure you let them know I fed him chicken bones. I’m sorry, I should have checked before hand”*  A couple minutes later I text her, *“You at the Vet rn?”* And she doesn’t respond right away. At this moment I realized that she’s been sharing her location with me so I check to see where she’s at, and to my surprise — she’s still at her apartment. I try not to assume and think to myself that maybe she forgot something or just hasn’t left yet  I get a text back from her and she says *“Yes.”* I’m thinking in my head... *really?* I immediately respond asking what they’re doing and she texts me saying that they brought her dog into the immediate exam room and are currently doing X-Rays on her dog  You can imagine my confusion, so I refresh her location a couple times hoping it would update but it doesn’t. She’s STILL at her apartment. I asked her if she’s in the waiting room and she replied Yes. Refreshed the location and she’s still at her apartment. So I screenshot her location and I sent it to her saying - *“That’s crazyyy, I didn’t know your apartment has a veterinarian clinic.”*  She replies with *”Okay you caught me, I’m not at the vet.”* And starts listing off excuses as to why she lied.  -I didn’t want to make you worry  -I can’t afford to take him  -I only have $42 in my bank until I get paid  I didn’t respond because I was angry and absolutely behooved she would fabricate this whole story. We plan on speaking soon but Jesus what the hell? This seemed so unnecessary and weird.   She always preaches about how important it is to be transparent but can’t even tell me a simple truth here? wow  edits: formatting
212	real	I cry on my birthday every year [End Title]: Every year, I cry on my birthday and feel intense waves of emotion. I feel upset that I am a year older and not exactly where I want to be in life and then I feel lonely because I don't have many friends that truly care and definitely no one who would take time to be there for me. I have never had a birthday party or even anything small at all (despite trying to plan things many times) because no one can ever make it but I bend over backwards for other people and always make it for their events.   I have never had a birthday where I was genuinely happy.  I just wish I knew how to deal with this.
930	real	I traded my youth and childhood bestfriends for my POS highschool boyfriend. [End Title]: so when i was 14, i met a boy. this boy i would pass everyday starting in december on my way to my locker, as he was actually at the time "talking" to another girl and he would be at her locker everyday. when i was 14 i was very vivacious, had a pretty face, developed early, had an hourglass body, was very flirty and popular, and honestly, an attention sl\*t. so everyday i would pass by him and that girl, i thought he was cute and gave no fucks about the girl he was trying to get with, and would playfully pinch his butt. after a few weeks of doing this he eventually decided to pursue me instead of the girl who, according to him was playing hard to get. i fell madly in love with this boy, and he did with me too, at the time. looking back, our teenage romance, now, feels like something out of a book. we ran home afterschool in the rain together, we were inseperable, i would defy my parents to see him, he dedicated songs to me, he got me an engagement ring the same year and many, many more movie worthy moments throughtout span of this relationship. this seemlying perfect relationship would go on to become a 10 year toxic, manipulative on and off again shitshow. a few weeks after we met, i found out he had previously dated one of my bestfriends who i had known since i was 7yrs old. i didnt know/realize at the time, but he was very controlling and extremely manipulative even as teenagers. anyways, after a few weeks of dating, he decided to tell me my childhood friend was sending him nudes (this was not true). at the time I was very emotionally unstable, had a lot of anger and apparently murderous rage due to childhood trauma of physical, sexual, and emotional abuse as well as quite a few of mental illnesses, depression, anxiety, bulimia, undiagnosed adhd and bipolar disorder, at 14. when he told me this, my undeveloped brain didnt think twice. i flew into a rage calling her a horrible names and detailing how i was going to k\*ll her and a lot of very graphic and violent things that i am now ashamed of and that dont need detail. after that, i started texting a friend telling her the same things as previously mentioned, wanting to k\*ll her and again very detailed, frightening, graphic about how i was going to k\*ll her. this friend, rightfully so, informed our school principal of all the things i was saying as well as informing also my childhood bestfriend. i was obviously immediately hated by everyone in our quite large friend group, and was also suspended for 10 days which honestly i think i deserved a more serious punishment, i mean i was literally talking about k\*ll\*ng someone and how i would do it. idk maybe i got lucky because i was a stupid kid. anyway, that was the start of my ex's manipulative behavior. not long after that incident, he told me he had a kid with a girl named jessica ( i think he chose to use this name bc i had a cousin in the same highschool who was named jessica and they knew each other) when, according to him "we were on a break" cue the Ross audio lmao. according to him, this fictional baby was born on sept. 8 and was named "dillion" pls take note of this name as he would later use it for more controlling behavior. he cried (over text) how "jessica" didnt want anything to do with him and woulndt le thim see the baby, literally 3 days later he confessed that it wasnt true and said he "was testing my love". i think that was a very emotionally pivotal moment for me, bc at the time it made me think, "well i do love him, so i passed the test and i love him so ill make sure to pass all the other tests" when in reality it was controlling and manipulative, but since he always justified he behavior, i stayed. the following school year, i was moving with my father 30 mins away to a small, christian college town, my actual hometown that me, my brother and mother were forced to leave bc my father decided to leave us when i was 5 and then my mother had to move to a pretty bad city with high gang activity and high crime rates bc she didnt speak english and had never worked so she had to work a mininum wage job to support me and my younger brother. obviously, this was an obstacle for the young lovers (me and my ex) as neither of us had a car, and the initial spark and luster of our relationship was starting to wear off, because my ex was becoming evermore controlling and violent (not violent towards me, but to the things and people around me, like intimidation) he would literally physically corner me between him and our lockers, and would start punching the metal lockers as hes tellingme about the daily rumors he supposedly heard about me flirting with other guys which in reality was just me talking to my guy friends about assignments and just general conversations friends have. or when he literally beat my middle school "boyfriend" all because he said hi to me and i had to pull him off of him and got punched in the arm in the process. like i said, this sh\*tshow lasted for 10 years, off and on. he pulled a lot more bs in that time, emotional abuse, even more manipulation. but its 5:20am, im starting to get tired lol im now 25, and our last "on" was last year around this same time very briefly for 2 months, during that time, i found out i was pregnant, m\*scarried (for a 3rd time in our relationship) and he told his family that i made him pay $800 for an abrtion and that was the final straw for me. i havent seen or heard from him since, probably because i threatened to sue him for slander, abuse and stalking. his mother was always like a real mother to me and mentioned he recently had a baby boy with a woman and is now expecting a baby girl with another woman. i pray for those kids, having him as a father, but i hope for their sake he becomes a better and good person, just like i always wanted him to be for me but never could be.  Honestly, having spent so much of my life for so long with him and given him not only my youth but also my first love and faith and hopes and dreams, i cant deny that i still love him and a lot of the times, i wish he could just be a better man so that we could be together, but thats never going to happen. and i think thats a very huge and important part of why toxic relationships are so difficult to leave; we give our all to someone that we love in a way we've never felt before ( when times are good) and the fear of starting over after such a long time, and i think its vital to acknowledge this. it took me years and years to finally just end it, but theres times where i still cry at night, i still miss him, everything reminds me of him and all the good memories we made. after a while, the wounds start to heal and scab over but we also have to help it heal by meeting new people and distracting ourselves so theres less time to spend on the memory of the ghost of someone we loved but didnt love us back.
322	real	How I ended up being abused by my now ex- TW for domestic violence [End Title]: Throwaway  because my mom knows my account. I was born in 1995 to a very young  married couple. My infancy was good; I was held a lot by my parents and  my mom stayed home all day with me. Both of my parents have said I was a  very happy and giggly baby and a joy to be around. This was all going  to change, however.  When I was a  year old, we got evicted from our apartment and moved in with my  grandparents. My parents’ marriage crumbled and my dad had to move out.  He looked at me sleeping in my crib that day, knowing he had to leave,  expecting to never see me again. Through my childhood I was told my dad  didn’t want to raise me anymore and it was also implied to be due to me  being diagnosed with Autism.  I was  diagnosed with Autism and put through ABA inspired therapies in order  to function as normally as possible. My grandmother especially pushed me  to make eye contact and let people hug me, no matter how I felt. I  couldn’t appear to be a rude child to anyone she knew, so I let people  do it.  When I was in after school  daycare, I was told by the workers that I had to share my toys with  other children. It went as far as the workers allowing other children to  take stuff from me/not punishing them if they did.  By  the time I got to my teen years, my grandmother was still washing me in  the bath when I stayed over. I had been pushing her to let me bathe on  my own since I hit puberty but she refused to allow it. She thought that  due to my Autism, I was incapable of bathing. She used the same  rationale to justify dressing me and helping me into bathing suits long  after I was capable.  I got  involved with two internet predators, both of whom consumed my life.  Both of them would require me to keep in constant contact, preventing me  from developing a social life.  I  dated a man whose mother was especially abusive towards me. She would  yell at me, threaten me, and treat me like a small child. Her son rarely  ever defended me against her and often said I deserved it.  My  next partner was no better. We were long distance and he was sexually  aggressive very early on, demanding that I send him sexual pictures.  This eventually became videos, which had to happen weekly minimum. He  used sex as a punishment for any and all infractions. If I said the  wrong thing, took too long coming home, or didn’t tell him about a  purchase I made, he would punish me by forcing me to get naked over  Skype. I would be forced to finger myself or do whatever he told. I had  to inflict pain on myself for his own pleasure.  I  visited him last year and his attitude towards me changed. A couple  days into the visit, he got angry with me for fidgeting too much in my  sleep. He spent the morning yelling at me and then apologized. He took  me out for coffee to try to “repair our bond”  A  few days later, I went to bed at around 2 in the morning. He was still  awake so he continued to watch TV for another few minutes. He eventually  came to bed and started touching me while I was trying to sleep. He  felt me up under my clothes and tried to have sex with me, despite me  trying to sleep. I asked him to please stop and told him I wanted to  sleep. He said no and continued to touch me, also starting to remove my  clothes. I started to cry and pleaded with him to stop. He got angry  with me and told me to go into the bathroom. I got up and sat on the  floor in his bathroom for probably 20 minutes until he grabbed me and  pushed me to his bed.  Once he got  me to the bed, he said he was going to give me something to cry about.  He pushed me down and pulled my bottoms off. He forced himself inside me  and thrusted as hard as he could. I asked him to please stop but he  continued even harder. He continued for around 15 to 20 minutes as I  cried, frozen. He suddenly stopped and apologized. I stayed unable to  move until I coaxed myself into pulling my pants up. He said he would  never do it again and I just lay there, still frozen. I did not sleep  well that night.  On another  occasion, we got into an argument. After yelling at me and telling me I  was nothing but an arrogant brat, he placed his hands on my neck. He  pressed down and choked me for a minute. Not long enough for me to lose  consciousness, but long enough to let me know who was in charge. I knew  then he could kill me if he wanted to.  I  am pleased to say I am doing better now. My rapist and I have split up  and I am now with a lovely man. He knows about all of my trauma and  never uses it against me. Now, when I cry, instead of being told I’m  stupid or spoiled, I get cuddles and love. My boyfriend allows and  encourages me to go for walks, to have friends, etc. He’s been there  through the hard times and the easy times. I am slowly learning to trust  him and feel loved.
488	real	Have been dreaming about an ex that I haven’t seen in years [End Title]: So recently I’ve been having dreams about an ex girlfriend that are quite strange but very emotionally charged and I wake up crying after each one. The first was on my college campus (I recently found out her and I will be attending the same uni next year) and I show up to my first class and she’s there next to the only empty seat. And that’s it, I sit down and she just smiles at me. The next was one I had where I was in my local target and I just see her browsing and she catches me studying her and begins walking towards me and I woke up. And the last one was especially weird because my current girlfriend was in it as well. It’s at some weird shaggy house I’d never seen and my girlfriend and I walk in and my ex is on the couch. And this time she spoke, and it was her actual voice. And then she goes in for a hug and I don’t let go even though my girlfriend is right next to me. And the embrace in that dream was so unexplainable and I woke up absolutely balling my eyes out. I don’t know what these dreams mean because we don’t speak, none of them are romantically charged and I’m in an amazing relationship that’s quite the upgrade from my old one. Could I be subconsciously worried about going to the same school as her? Do I miss her or her being? Is this a prerequisite for something that’s going to happen involving her? It’s freaking me the fuck out because we ended on rough terms but we’ve been cool since but how could someone that I haven’t had contact with or seen in person in years be bringing my subconscious to such an emotional terrain?
756	real	I still think about my ex, and it’s been over a year. [End Title]: It kills me every time i think about it...  would write more but i don’t want to get in my own head...
617	real	I hung myself earlier. It was so peaceful [End Title]: I was so close to never having to deal with this bullshit called life again. My ex found me and cut me down. I woke up to the same misery I wanted to escape except I was covered in piss
771	real	I just learned that I was used for child p*rn as an infant and I feel so dirty and upset and violated [End Title]: I've just turned 18, and my mother just today told me that a former family member(family by marriage, promptly excommunicated from the family, currently deep in prison) borrowed me from my parents under the guise of convincing his wife to have another child when I was less than three months old and posed me and took photos to trade for other illicit activities. There was no assault or rape that we know of but i just can't stop thinking about it. I'm a dude, so I've never felt so violated. It's like it's happening now. I have no control. Those pictures are out there. Somewhere. And there are sick, sick men masturbating to my naked infant body and there's nothing I can do about it and it's like I'm being used or controlled against my will, and every time I stop actively consuming media or tunnel-visioning on something, it pops right back into my head. It's fucking torture.
555	real	Breeding resentment [End Title]: I quit. I’m done trying to save money. I am now resigning myself to a lifetime of poverty and anxiety over money.  That’s what my vows should have said. Last week I was on a work trip and before I left, gave her money to last the week. She spent it all two days before I left. Then, when I was in classes, she called and texted me nonstop to say she was going to dinner with a friend and needed to know her budget.  Yes, it’s “our” money and all our bills get paid. I work 6 days a week and should be able to save hundreds of dollars a month, but instead one of my credit cards is maxed out and I have very little in savings.  We’ve had lots of discussions about financial goals (in which she has always said she wants the things I do) and how I’d like to buy a house in five years. She just can’t get past her need for instant gratification. I’ve taken to hiding money from her so she can’t spend it.  I want to quit one of my jobs because my intent with taking that job was to put my earnings into savings. But why show up to work, deal with drunk assholes all night, just to have nothing to show for it?  This is not healthy. So, I guess I should just quit trying. No expectations = no disappointment. Why not live paycheck to paycheck? 60% of Americans do it.  Otherwise, I’m at a loss for what to do.
752	real	Haven't seen my gf in about 5 days and never felt better [End Title]: My girlfriend spent the last couple of days in her hometown because her grandmother died, I couldn't go with her because of college, so I stayed here and provided as much emotional support as I could.  She told me she's coming back today and that she misses me, I told her I miss her too but now I feel a weight in my back because I'll see her today. When she was away I was happy, doing stuff all the time, studying and getting back to doing things I love doing but stopped for some reason.  She usually requires a lot of time and attention, especially now that her grandmother died, I'll give her all the support she needs but, to be honest, I'd rather not deal with the situation or her at the moment.
445	real	I stole from my wealthy Dad and do not regret it [End Title]: A little background. I was raised into a conservative religious cult. Non denominational but similar to Mennonites. My dad is and Elder and a very influential member. I has an arranged marriage that never happened due to me leaving at 18. When I chose to leave I sat down with my dad and mom and told them straight up why I didn't want to be there. This turned into shaming and name calling and a generally terrible experience for me but i still left that day.  Turns out you need money to survive on your own and my parents had taken out all of my money from my joint account that I'd saved since 16. I was then homeless/couch surfing for three months after this as well as napping in the back booth at a Denny's. I discovered I still had my dads company gas card that I could use for food at gas stations so that's exactly what I did. Without using that card I think I may have starved. My dad is very wealthy and owns multiple companies and I didn't think he'd notice. He did find out though and just cancelled the card and asked me to pay him back. I never did as he had taken the money I saved from my job when I left home.  I still don't feel guilty to this day about it and I don't think I ever will.
105	real	for the past few days ive been eating less and less to the point where i just barely eat dinner and thats it [End Title]: i will admit i do need to lose the weight but id probably just gain it right back.. or do i have an actual problem?? ive had multiple periods like this the past few years but no one seems to notice.
710	real	You think you're bigger (better) than me? [End Title]: One night I had my headphones on and was listening to music when I accidentally knocked over a lamp in my room. As I took off my headphones to clean it up I heard my father through my door yelling at me angrily..apparently because I knocked over a lamp. Didn't get the jist of what he said but I knew he was pissed at me.  In the months before this incident he was acting up a lot, always seeming to pick fights and look for reasons to explode at me. The repetition had taken its toll and instead of getting braver or caring less, I got more and more afraid of him. I was walking on eggshells. Anyway, the next day I came back from school terrified. I waited downstairs for about 2 hours for him to go to bed( he was upstairs at his desk and I would have to pass him on my way to my room) so I could just go to bed without him yelling at me, but I eventually was too tired and had to go. I walk slowly and quietly past him to my room and the yelling starts, because I didn't say "good evening" as I walked past. I suddenly can't move. My heart is pounding so loudly I can feel it in my ears and in my legs and all I want to do is run and get away from him forever. I just stand there silently shaking and so so scared and with no choice but to just take his verbal attack else things would get even worse. He went on for about a half hour.  He took my not saying "good evening" and my recent "behavior" (till this day idk what this behaviour was, I was just busier because I was in my final year at uni and it was a very hectic very stressful time, but like I said he was acting up a lot, seeming to find problems with me that were never problems for him before) to mean that I thought I was "bigger (better) than him" and that "I didn't even graduate university yet and already my degree went to my head." Those in particular I remember because it seemed so outrageous. i've never thought of myself as better than him. I don't really compare myself to him. And I don't think my degree had gone to my head because I was still so busy trying to actually finish uni so I could actually get the degree.I didn't say "good evening" not because I thought I was too good to say it, but because I was crippled by fear of him. Why would he make those statements? Did I really come off as condescending?
247	real	Idk what to do [End Title]: I never thought this would happen to me. Half the time I don't think it will. I don't know what's coming next or if it's going to get worse or if I should call my doctor. My moods are fuxking insane. One minute great, next minute horrible dread. Ringing in my ears, dizziness, awful awful fatigue, anxiety. Sometimes I look in the mirror and there's a crazy look in my eyes. I can't tell what's trauma and what's delusion. I can't tell if I'm just really depressed from being cooped up for so many months (I'm so tired i can barely walk to the fridge, and socializing has been off the table). I'm seeing my doctor in three weeks but idk if i should contact him sooner. It's been getting worse these past few days, and today i was just eating lunch and suddenly everything got dizzy and then REALLY dizzy. Idk. I hate psychiatrists, I went to one when I was 15 and he offered no help at all. I don't think he took me at all seriously, he seemed to think I was just some silly schoolgirl being dramatic. I saw another this year about something different and he was so rude and condescending and dismissed everything I said.   I don't know what to do. I can't tell if it's the meds my doctor put me on a couple months ago but the meds are helping me get more energy (I seriously need the energy, I couldn't even make it to the bathroom a few weeks ago) and this isn't even listed as a rare side effect so idk. I mentioned I was hearing screaming sometimes to my doctor but he said it was extremely unlikely the meds were causing it since I'm on such a low dose so I dont know. The smart thing to do would be to go off the meds but i really dont want to without seeing him. He is very expensive to see though ($200) so I dont want to go unless I have to.   I might feel fine one min then horrendous the next. I have fatigue spells that make me turn off all the lights and lie down feeling miserable, then finish with me suddenly being really happy and more energetic, ready to go back to whatever I was doing before.   My doctor doesn't have much availability so to see him soon I'd have to ask for an emergency appt, which he'd do I guess if I explained. But I dont know if I should and also he's really expensive so idkkkkk  I cant tell if this is related to the medically unexplained fatigue or not. I'm so lost and I dont know what to do. What would you do?
975	real	I may be a psychopath/sociopath [End Title]: I have noticed that I don't feel love or much emotions anymore. I have also began to not really care about human life and humans themselves. I think I might be a psychopath or sociopath
732	real	I was finally able to get a haircut this week! [End Title]: Like the title says, they reopened salons in my state last week. I got my appointment weeks ago when the owner contacted me asking if I wanted one. I’m a long time regular.  Did they require mask to be worn...yes. Did I do it?... HE** YES.  Did they ask we not talk during some parts when we had to take the mask off. Of course! No drying or blow outs...perfectly understandable.  I followed every ask and guidelines and tipped extra!  I’m just glad they are back and if they need me to do something so we are all safe I’ll do it!  And I have a great new hair cut as my reward. So happy!
118	real	I think I repress thoughts of suicide every day [End Title]: I’m severely depressed and suffer from ocd. I would have an otherwise normal life if it wasn’t for my mental ailments. I feel like I punish myself for being an awful person every day but I don’t know what I did to deserve this. I have some ideas but fuck man. I’ve made some mistakes and continue to make them but this shit is fucking torture. I hate myself more than any other person on this planet.
165	real	Fucked my best friend and now I can't get over him [End Title]: I think this is the best place for me to get this off my chest. Throwaway account because this is quite personal.  I, 20F, have known this guy since we were both 14; we met online through a mutual friend who knew us both personally. Neither of us speak to the mutual friend anymore, but him and I are still close friends.  Despite having never met each other physically, he had a deep crush on me shortly after we met online. Admittedly, I liked the attention and I lead him on, which largely contributed to some issues early on in our friendship. We both made some horrible comments and we stopped talking. Eventually, we got back in contact, apologised, and have remained in each other’s lives ever since. He's been a great friend to me for many years, and we’ve seen each other grow and been there for one another during tough points.  We met each other in person for the first time about a year ago, when I travelled across the country to visit him. I had a boyfriend at the time, but we were just friends at this point and we got along great. There was some clear tension.  Fast forward half a year and I had broken up with my now-ex. During this time, I realised I indeed had feelings for my friend. I began flirting with him, and he admitted that he still had feelings for me, too. I ended up visiting him for his birthday, and we fucked. The sex was amazing. I felt a surge of emotions and an intensity I had never felt before. I visited once more. Our ‘thing’ lasted for a period of about 2 months, before he ended it. We are both attending two different universities, at opposite ends of the country, and it will be years before we finish. He was not ready to commit to a relationship like that, and I respect that. I also had some underlying mental-health problems and attachment issues as a result of being neglected and abused as a child, as well as a previous difficult relationship, and I am sure he did not find it easy to deal with this. Since then, I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I am now on medication. I am seeking counselling for my issues and learning to love myself.  However, recently I cannot get him off my mind. We are still very close, and we talk often and play games with each other. We make each other laugh, and we can talk for hours (although admittedly he does most of the talking). He is an incredibly intellectual and ambitious person. He constantly strives to be a better person and helps me become a better person, too. He frustrates me at times, but I admire him a lot. Plus, the sex was fucking amazing.  I feel like a pathetic creep writing this, and I hate to come across as some ridiculously obsessed girl, but I just cannot shake the idea that this is the man I want to create a life with. It has been several months since our 'thing' ended, but I still constantly think about him and dream about him. I know I am only young, and I need to get my issues under control before I can even think about having a relationship, but I just keep picturing having a family with him some day – we’re both into psychology, and we have matching ideas on how children should be raised, how many children we each want, etc.  I know my mental health is playing a big role in this, and its not exactly healthy to be having these thoughts. I just wish I could drop my romantic feelings for this guy and move on, without having to compensate our friendship and avoid speaking to him.  TLDR: Title says it all.
964	real	That was the most sincere hug i’ve had in a long time [End Title]: 4 am, your kitchen. we hugged. you kissed my forehead. we kissed on the lips. we hugged, rocked back and forth. you just held me. my forehead was against your chest. I miss you. I’m sorry.
245	real	Something stupid among all this depression... [End Title]: Every time I stand up or get out of bed, I'm guilty of saying, "Up and and away!" under my breath. It's something so stupid and embarrassing I do, but only a few people know, and because I trust random people on the internet more than my family I'm telling you guys. Do I have brain cancer?
759	real	I'm tired of losing my best friend in a relationship [End Title]: Before a relationship, I always am good friends with my partner I kind of like to ensure that I can tell them everything that I feel safe that they feel the same in every way. Once I feel that closure, I know it's time. But the moment we make it official things change, and nothing's the same and I just dont understand it. Why can't my lover be my best friend too? It's so frustrating when suddenly everything is about sex and about the sexual or physical contact and I dont mind that though we always talk less and I always experience myself changing in ways I dont want to simply to please them because I just want my best friend there loving me and supporting me . I dont how to explain it but it's like making things official some how change things and maybe it is because I'm too young and I cant expect much from the selection of boys at my exposure. Maybe I've been watching too many movies and reading to many stories that marrying your lover/best friend isn't a possibility and it's just some ludicrous ideology Ive sought out
997	real	I can't look back on my school production, which I've really really enjoyed, without feeling angry and pissed off, and I'm really sad about that and want to change [End Title]: So my school production this year was freaking awesome. I had lots of fun doing it and finally being able to perform it was the major highlight. I consider this one my favourite out of the others I've done. We did a jukebox musical interpretation of 'The Odyssey' that the director wrote 15 years ago for the school. Abbreviated of course. And was freaking epic!  But here's the thing; we had a Covid scare a week before the shows. Luckily there was no outbreak and we got out of Level 2 restrictions after a couple of days. But another school in the area was meant to have their school production that week, so they postponed it. (There show was 'Rock of Ages') And they postponed it on the week of ours!  Our public shows where this: Thursday 7:00pm, Friday 7:00pm, Saturday 3:00pm and 7:00pm.  And there's was this: Wedesday 7:00pm, Thursday 7:00pm, Friday 7:00pm, Saturday 7:00pm.  So there is one difference luckily. At first I was really freaked and upset about this. And everyone was going "Oooh, competition!" at school which influenced my frustration. But after talking about it with my parents I calmed down and accepted it for what it is and realised that there's nothing to be angry about. The main things where that the people who come see our shows are the families and friends and staff of the school and students. Random locals are the minority. Another good thing about the dates is that those in my production who wants to see the other schools can go see it on the Wednesday night, while the other cast of the production can see ours on the Saturday Matinee. Perfect!  On the group page of the cast our director was updating us on the tickets being sold. We had more than 100 I think coming to see opening night but ecause we where able to fit 250 people into out Auditorim thanks to built in stadium seating, our director was encouraging us to keep on spreading the word!  But then in the dressing room on our first Tech and Dress rehearsal, there was nothing but negativity and basically bringing the show down. One girl, (I'll call her Naynay) who was playing an important character was basically saying; "I mean, no offense to Ms Director, she's great and all but, no one is going to want to see ours. Like theirs is the Rock of Ages. People will be able to search it up and know the story and will be excited to see it. While ours? Just some jukebox musical play a teacher wrote"  And another girl mentioned how the other school is performing there's in a newly made Performing Arts centre. So then I tried to speak up and rebute their negativity. I said the wrong stupid thing. "Oh but people might want to see both shows?" So then Naynay said something along the lines of "I appreciate the positivity and all but, seriously"  That really really spoilt my mood that night. I told my parents about the pessimism and they just told me that what they where saying is completely false and not to listen to that crap.  On the final night, a night that my director told us in the first ticket update had the lowest audience numbers, at the intro I was darting my eyes around seeing how many empty seats where there. I felt dissapointment when I saw big gaps on the front row of stage left. But then when I say the front on stage right I felt better to see more people and seeing some of my great friends there. For the rest of the show it went awesome and we had a great time. I got to film that night so I can watch  But right now, when I watch that video, I notice the back rows of the front that are empty. I think back to what Naynay was saying and about the fact that our shows took place the same time as the other college's. And I see red. I feel like crap and I feel like this was unfair and we failed. It's horrible and I know it is. I just want to enjoy the show and smile back on happy memories. But I can't.  The only way that will make me feel better again is to talk to Naynay and rebut the disgusting crap she was saying. Saying things like that brings yourself down and it brings down the cast and the show in general. It's not good showmanship and it's toxic. Looking back, I'm so pissed off that I didn't say the best points that my parents originally told me that made me feel better. (But guess what? Ours is a jukebox musical? Rock of Ages is a jukebox musical!) If Naynay wants to have a future of being in shows and performing, she needs to get a bloody hold of herself and really think about what she's saying. Her negativity and treating things as a competition is not going to get her anywhere.
608	real	Human Interaction [End Title]: I don’t like being human. I don’t like talking. I feel like it’s useless in the end unless it’s about very necessary things. Health and what not. Don’t get me wrong I like watching people and stuff but other than that I don’t really wanna be in the middle of it. When I was younger and in college, it was different. Something inside of me has changed.
822	real	Sexting fetish [End Title]: I've got a fetish for sexting with random women on the internet. Now the issue is I also have a significant other in my life. Our sex life is good, but sexting is just something that I can't get enough of. I've tried to with my SO but they're just not that into it. Am I a shitty person or do I just need help? Please don't be rude
