nc1fge	0	Just finished my last final of my freshman year! It’s been hella rough these past few months with covid going on and everything. I practically had to work full time for my dad’s local business without any real direct pay, worked full time classes, had to help my younger sibling with their online school, and managed most of the housework while my parents went to work, all while somehow maintaining straight As. Did I have to miss out on clubs or school events? Yeah sure. I’m so goddamn proud of myself for even surviving this year though that I don’t even care! Congrats to me!  Can’t wait to finally be on campus next fall! Go Bears! 🐻
dlcry3	0	People started to become uncomfortable with the radians looking like the Imperial Japan flag and I severely apologize for it. Didn't realize until the last minute.   Working on a better one and a much simpler one now.
o5t9ra	1	the most annoying thing i have experienced in classes is grade comparison. enough with the bragging. good for u that you got an A, 50 other people did as well and u don’t understand what that person is going through. legit saw a girl brag about an A to another girl who lost her grandmother and couldn’t take the final and ended up with an incomplete. for the braggers in the forum, get a life.
10z2pc	0	(For all you freshers, UCLA has a system of steam tunnels underneath its campus.)  If you're keen PM me.  Bring a flashlight and a marker if you want. Neither are necessary but they're nice to have. Don't wear anything super nice. It gets pretty hot in the tunnels, but where we're going, at least, there won't be military crawling or anything.
gtlcuj	0	&#x200B;  [This corgi hopes you have a good week 10!  🐶 ](https://preview.redd.it/hufswxt5ry151.png?width=1416&format=png&auto=webp&s=6c0b2ad7506fd8429d8ba6367deee9626df73848)
sn9nkg	0	Assumptions: In person exams, everyone gets close to 100 on non-test related assignments, and all the B+/A- students are extremely competitive for their grades, don't have to work, etc.  If a class has 15 percent A's, you'd want consistently to be in the top 5-12%. Anyone in the 12-15% group is cutting it too close and leaving their grades to chance.  I'm not trying to be snobby or anything, just want some perspective. I've already picked up a A- last quarter in Pstat 120a, and I'm at risk of picking up another one this quarter unless the professor curves.
rpwzcw	1	I was more than 6 feet away from you. I have a big nose so the mask just naturally sides down. I didn’t fix it because I was in the middle of a set and my glasses were fogging up. Your chances of getting COVID probably increased by 0.000001% during those few seconds. You did not have to be so rude about it. Please see a therapist immediately.
kdqxfw	0	For context I am a freshman who decided to stay home during the fall. I’m in the college of chem and only took 3 classes. Chem 4a, Math 53, Anthro 3AC. I persevered so hard this semester and tried the best I could. When it comes to the help I received there was none. Professors don’t seem to care about this pandemic and sign a ridiculous amount of work. At first my exams were fair but my final for yesterday in chem 4a was horrendous. The guy really assigned 46 questions majority being FRQ and not taking into account technical issues and such. For anthro 3AC I am around an A A- and it seems with the last assignment we did I will probably drop to a B+. (Edit Not complaining about this). I’m done with berkeley and can’t wait for this semester to end. This university doesn’t seem to care and it’s me competing with my peers who are already smart to receive a good grade.   I should have went to UCSD. It was closer to home and less toxic. Fuck the prestige
1zhigk	0	Basically I bought tickets to go with a friend, now they can't go, so I can't go.  It's at the Observatory this Sunday, the 9th.  I'll sell each for an even $20.  Thanks a ton, and enjoy the show for me!
qqkfeq	0	So, recently I have developed an obsession with this school.  This is partly due to where it is situated, I mean what’s there not to love about LA? But, the main reason I’ve fallen so deeply in love with UCLA is because of how good their Media and Entertainment Law L.L. M. course looks.   As a UK resident, I don’t really like the options presented to me here after I eventually get my law degree.   I know that the UK government does not fund any postgraduate courses in or outside of the country, so naturally I looked into scholarships - but the programs seem to be targeted towards groups who otherwise might not have the opportunity to attend UCLA (i.e. women in STEM, POC, etc). But also, neither me nor my family have the funds to pay for it.  While I am certainly aware of my privilege as a white man, having the knowledge that my ideal course at my ideal university is potentially locked behind a paywall worries me. Sure, there are media law courses for postgrads in the UK, but UCLA’s one honestly looks unmatched.   I’m not really sure what my purpose of writing this is. I’m not sure if anyone is in a similar position, or if anyone can provide any guidance to students in this unique position? Thanks for listening to my vent anyway I guess.
f703ui	0	Today from 1:00-3:00p Pacific, several graduate students and one of our undergraduate allies will be hosting an AMA to answer questions about the ongoing teaching strike currently taking place.   Our strike has been growing, and solidarity movements have popped up at several other UC campuses, as well as a number of campuses nationwide. We were even endorsed last night by Senator Bernie Sanders.  You can find out more about the strike at [https://payusmoreucsc.com/](https://payusmoreucsc.com/), and of course, please join us below and ask us anything!   [https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/f701ez/were\_graduate\_students\_engaged\_in\_a\_wildcat/](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/f701ez/were_graduate_students_engaged_in_a_wildcat/)
kyr4ny	0	I’m a third year and was wondering if I should switch from CS to BIM. I’m not sure I want to program all the time and I’m also interest in the business field. Is BIM a good major? What kind of jobs would I get? I just want to be sure otherwise I would be dropping a good major
blhcc5	0	You sit and peacefully explain your position. Deal with anger and ignorance. Fight a fight that needs fighting.    And the final thing, the smallest thing. You give out free donuts on the first day of Ramadan. On a day you fast you feed everyone else.    That's kindness.
3abbkv	1	If you have been unfortunate enough to experience UCI parking, then you know what I mean when I say "UCI parking is a scam". It is simply overpriced, it gets EXTREMELY packed and if you commit a minor parking violation then you will be slapped in the face with a HUGE fine!!   What have been some of your experiences?
pdhrhd	1	Really want to go out tonight, but I don’t have a group of ppl. Female 20. Was considering walking down frat row sometime tonight and hoping for the best. Does anyone else have any better ideas lol
aiipgh	0	I want to take a very challenging grad course with a very challenging prof, can I pass and no pass it? I want to take it for the knowledge and experience, but don't want to stress out so much about grade.
buhm7r	0	Does anyone think they could help me with project 3 in 121. I'm struggling a lot and could use any help. It would make my life a little better right now. Thanks guys.
4r4sxh	0	Does anyone know how good of a professor Combes is for NPB 102? There is only one review of her, but I need to make a decision soon about whether to drop something else to take her class! Thank you in advance :)
22bss1	0	Hi everyone! My girlfriend needs a tutor who is proficient in R, know anyone? Thanks!
elx3j1	1	Please for the love of god, don’t sit right near the isle in lecture halls when the ENTIRE fucking row is empty. Because now when I come in after you I have to struggle over your knees and legs. And then the person after me has to as well, and the person after them. Holy SHIT  I’m fine
qnfjgg	0	https://forms.gle/711wdaNLasBVHXxb8  I appreciate the help!
s10yne	0	So I am a high school senior and I applied to UCLA, and today I got an email from UCLA about scholarships. Im wondering if this has any indication to whether I’m admitted.
dlnlcf	0	i’m not sure if i should drop physics 6a with geller and just take it next quarter with freund. i thought i did really well on the first midterm but ended up getting a 3/15. this is my second time taking physics and i don’t want to fail it again and risk having a permanent F on my transcript.  has anyone been in a similar situation that could offer advice :(
si3ttz	0	ESPECIALLY if you’re asking me to sign a petition.   I’m already annoyed about being stopped when I’m late and I don’t know you that well for you to be talking to me that close and unmasked.
ie3hgt	1	KCSB has been giving some bombbb covid updates recently. I find it insane that our student-run radio station is giving better updates than the school. like wtf ucsb? get your act together!!!!
l79v3a	1	So is there a certain amount of students that professors can distribute As to?   It’s as if professors don’t want students to do well. Like what are they compensating for?? Is it a flex to have low averages??
aqpff6	1	Please forgive me.  At work, I put several bags into the recycling bins. When I returned a minute later, I noticed a yellow creature nestled near the lid of the bin.  "A banana slug!" I exclaimed as this was my second banana slug spotting. Something wasn't right. I then noticed that its entire body was not visible.   "Oh no oh no oh no," I muttered as my biggest fear came to life. I opened the lid to reveal the other half of its body. I gently scooped it up and noticed no movement. I put it on a nearby rock, stood in front of it and saluted. My tears were washed away from the morning's rain.  I feel awful. I'm currently listening to Marvins Room on the brink of tears. Police sirens blare in the distance; I'm waiting to be turned in.  Will I be expelled? I didn't mean to :((   Please forgive me.  I'm sorry Sammy. I'm sorry friends. I'm sorry Blumie.
97el3k	0	Does anyone have a copy of the EE1A syllabus taught by Hossny El-Sherief? I need it but took the class in winter 2018 so I no longer have access to it on ilearn
e8lmm4	0	Fuck you. Absolute rat.
mu5b9x	0	My family is hoping to attend my graduation ceremony and I have 2 tickets from university but I am looking for one more. If anyone has a spare ticket that would be great. Thank you!
20tv3w	0	So I'm thinking of rushing a fraternity in a couple weeks time. I was wondering if anyone had any helpful information on anything that has to do with Greek Life here at UCSB. Specifically, I'm wondering about what kind of dues I'll have to pay if I do decide to join a fraternity, cause my money situation is kind of tight at the moment. Thanks!
e5quva	0	I’m selling my Rolling Loud wristband for $230 (which is what I payed for it back in June or something) It’s still in the package and everything too. dm or comment if interested. Can meet on campus or somewhere easy
lzouei	0	This is so discouraging, every time I ask them a question they be like “u shlda known this already” “don’t take this course if u dont know this”. Bro I am here to learn. And I’m exactly taking the courses for my major requirement by order. Why can’t they be more mindful? If I knew everything already, why am I going to college? We pay for school, and they should respect us like students just like we respect them. I know that there are many profs who are not like that, but those who have that mindset makes me wanna drop out of school.  Edit: Im talking about new materials that are covered in a class for the first time. I did finish prerequisite classes with As... and I also google the questions before I ask profs. it just I wish they used a different wording instead of criticizing us.
q49clm	1	I love how I was put in hotel housing and can’t cook anything. I love how the water reeks of sulfur and how I have to shower in it/how I’m expected to drink it. I love how I was denied a parking permit, so I have to stay on campus all day everyday to be able to eat the crappy meal plan or waste over an hour on the bus going back and forth. I love how they haven’t disbursed my leftover funds. I love how I’m sick so there’s no way for me to eat without ordering takeout that I can’t pay for. I love how academic advisors tossed me around for a week when I was looking for 4 units (told me I could cross campus enroll or withdraw, but I finally had a meeting with one who literally just added me to a course). And most of all I love how useless and unresponsive student services are when I actually need help. Guess I’ll just live off water and protein powder till I feel better... lovely experience so far.  I hope other transfers are having a better time than me.
lddw87	1	Recently someone posted an informational about an upcoming protest or something and sent it to all graduate students. Since then I've received on the order of 100 reply alls creating a massive email chain. A mixed of stupid people asking to be unsubscribed from a DEPARTMENT MAILING LIST and people fighting with each other. Are you actually kidding me...   Another side note, how much do people make. I'm very comfortable here with my salary, and I don't see the need for constant harassment of OTHER GRADUATE STUDENTS about your wage. So please, tell me why you can't afford to live here. BUT DO IT HERE, not in a freaking email chain with every single graduate student on it.
sfd9qk	1	lemme tell you, my favorite activity is walking into the library looking like a complete bimbo (non-derogatory)-- like heels, makeup, dress, everything, all did up, then sitting down and doing my CSE homework in one go. this school is my catwalk, you all are my audience, and I am girlbossing my way through this class. see you all at google 😘♥
9tgrz4	0	Yo so I'm a freshman with 68 units currently (coming into UCSD, I'll have 81 units after this quarter) so I should have sophomore standing, right? But my buddy who's got 70 units has his appointment time a week earlier than me (7th for him and 14th for me). Is there a reason for this?
dvvnyh	0	Throwaway account because i don’t want the person who told me to get in trouble.   Ucsc is planning on closing the Rachel Carson dining hall from winter 2020-fall 2022. They will fire all full time staff and expect everyone to go to porter instead.   This is absolute bullshit that they don’t just renovate one piece at a time over summer and winter breaks. They are throwing away the livelihood of all their employees and making overcrowding worse. Let’s make out voices heard!
87acm2	0	Got into both (I am an international)  I want to pursue environmental science for undergrad (taking few engineering classes) and then study environmental engineering for grad school What is the best way to go?
jb62vq	0	I know it's only Week 2, but I honestly have no motivation left, and I can't open my Canvas page without crying. I'm so tired. I know that we're expected to have adjusted to online classes by now, but I'm struggling more during this quarter than I did during the last Spring quarter. At least in March, there were recent memories of regular interactions and the hope that things would go back to normal. But now, I can't even remember the last time I've seen someone besides my family, and my circumstances are still the same as March if not worse. I feel so bad for letting my professors down and for being a bad student, but I don't know how to tell them that most of my energy is spent trying to keep myself alive. Like, I don't even know anymore. There's just so much work already, and I feel so overwhelmed, and I don't know how I'm going to get through this quarter. Sorry, I just needed to rant.
ftbu73	0	For me is seems even more exhausting than in person classes and a few of my classes seem to have increased their workload. Anyone else feel the same way? Any advice on keeping energy high!?
fc3lzc	0	So I'm currently a second year Cogs major specialized in design and interaction and I am trying to add a minor so that I will have enough units to graduate. My top choices were CSE, Data Science, and Design, but I ruled out Data b/c I didn't take math 20, and Design is really close to my major anyways. I really want to minor in CSE, but I know how impacted the classes are and I don't know if I will actually be able to get my classes in time to graduate. Can anyone give me some advice on what to do? Will I be able to take on a CSE minor. No advisors from the COGS or CSE departments have been able to help me, and I just need some outside opinions.
k5mgsh	0	I’m not the best at science so what’s the general concept of the class?? Are the assignments hard to do?? Has anyone taken BIS2 with S Collins??? Thanks.
h7ggni	0	What were your stats and extracurricular
e0s4x6	0	I tried to make an appointment with a psychiatrist last week after attempting to kill myself a few days before (didn't work obviously). The quickest appointment they could give me was mid to late January.  Not even just about me, I really think it's scary how long you might have to wait to get a sit down appointment to talk to someone. I absolutely don't blame the workers, it's likely a combo of understaffment and general mental health problems of a such a large school, but I don't know, when they told me that I could come in then the first thought I had was "I probably won't be alive by then."
jryusf	1	😙✌️ who else feels?
cdsnx1	0	Hello, I just moved to Riverside and wanted to get my nails done. Any suggestions on shops that do coffin styled acrylic well? Or which shops to avoid?? Thank you
b9i5yt	0	Anyone else feel like the ARC actually got worse? Strictly speaking about the weights section, the only thing that was improved was the number of power racks and benches. They got rid of all the Hammer Strength machines and replaced them with the most awkward Matrix machines. And they only have one rope at the cable stations? No EZ bar yet? I expected more
lunbxo	0	So i’m driving home to visit my grandma and I made a wrong exit (thanks apple maps) and ended in one of the not so great parts of California. The people here are pretty poor tbh. I have a 10 K car and it was the nicest at the gas station. Someone even asked me about my car because they were so impressed...  Now I feel like I’m spoiled/ rich as fuck because I grew up in Irvine where I had a shit ton of opportunities. I doubt the people here had anything more than minimum wage jobs available to them.   The reason why this is mind blowing to me is that Irvine is a rich city. Half of my friends growing up lived in million dollar houses. I always felt like that one poor kid. Now I’ve realized that I’ve been given an amazing life with many opportunities. I even attend a university that is considered a “Public Ivy.” Lol Irvine poor is actually pretty nice to be honest. Now i’m going to buy my single mother some flowers because now I truly understand how great of a mother she was and how hard she worked in life (she’s still annoying tho).  TLDR; Life is all about perspective... Be grateful to be here!
rxyts7	0	I'm a 3rd year. By the end of spring I'll only have spent a total of 4 quarters taking in person classes, participating in labs, getting hands on experience, etc. As an engineering major it's incredibly frustrating that I've had almost no access to the machine shop as a student.   The gym has been closed for about half my tenure as a student. Student teams have been barred from operating in person for about as long.   As a research university, the classes are the least appealing thing about attending Davis, seeing as there are almost no professors hired on for the sole purpose of teaching. However, the classes are the only service that is consistently being offered.   I'm not getting a fair return on my tuition. If I knew how long this was going to last I would've deferred after freshman year and gone to a cc while working to save money. The university owes us compensation for the value we've lost, and knowing they'll probably never consider making us whole is upsetting.
jfjsrk	0	Even during the global pandemic, UCSC is moving forward with its growth plans. The City has a Task Force dedicated to achieving a legally-binding commitment from UCSC to house 100% of additional students on-campus and provide all the critical resources to support that growth before students are enrolled.
qr8tto	1	Attendance aside, I'm half stupid and just need to hear things more than once.   Being able to rehear what you said then break it down on my own has improved my education tremendously.
ofuwml	0	From Berkeleyside.org:  [The Helen Diller Anchor House Project](https://www.berkeleyside.org/2021/07/07/berkeley-new-dorm-helen-diller-safier-donation)  “The UC Board of Regents is poised to approve the largest gift ever made to UC Berkeley — a $300 million, 14-story, 772-bed dorm across from campus that will not only provide transfer students a place to sleep but will offer a “transformative” experience that pays attention to their emotional, mental and physical needs.”  The building will require no public funds to construct or operate, and net income generated by the property will fund scholarships for undergraduates from underrepresented populations and first-generation college students.
bi743h	0	And when does registration begin?  Thanks!
pfvn2z	0	If we are just driving over to UCSB on our move-in day should parents be booking hotels at all and if so what days should they be booking it (for example I go on the 18th)?
q0bsrt	0	 I don’t know what’s going on but apparently there was a QR code on campus advertising a “frat party”...people received a text with address and the address given out was our house...which is not a frat house?? So to the 200+ freshman (we think) on our driveway there is no party here lol and we don’t know who got our address or how...so bruh
qn4s48	1	Sometimes I wish I was small enough to hide inside those self driving food delivery vehicles so I could pop out and surprise people when they order food. It would be weird but I think people would look past it since they’d be happy to get their order. Plus in case I got hungry I could steal a little bit of the food as snack on the way, something so small they wouldn’t even notice. Like maybe a french fry or something.
2fpcxs	0	Is there a current top house fraternity?  Is Sigma Alpha Epsilon still recognized by the school? I heard some rumors of it being suspended.  I've asked around and a lot of people seem to be under the impression that Pike does some pretty sketchy things, can anyone confirm this?  Is Greek Rankings pretty accurate about the different fraternities @ UCD?  Thanks!
gwyd9v	0	so in order to pass this class we had to turn in a lifestyle assessment project which was due last friday. but i honestly haven't had the strength to finish it and haven't worked on it in a week and every day it is late is minus 10 points lmao so im screwed already but have to turn it in, but as i read the guidelines i realized how overwhleming it is and if any of yall have like examples if you've ever taken this class and did the project pls help I don't know what to do.
m9ivw5	0	being burnt out through finals week and then immediately being bored out of your mind having absolutely nothing to do after finals week
6gj6sw	0	Hi, What was the curve for this class? Like what percent is a-/a/b+? How was the final for you guys?  Thanks!
7ga152	0	Help a fellow aggie and fill out this survey please! https://goo.gl/forms/zj3GQYT5aUifJWmu2   If anyone have questions about the health insurance, I will try to answer it as well. I was previously put under review after submitting the SHIP waiver and have managed to have it re-approved after 1-2 weeks.   TIA for filling out the survey!
rlqvda	1	We all know how this is probably going to go. 2 weeks turns into a quarter, that turns into an academic year. Then the university waits until we all have omicron boosters. Then next year the Pi variant happens and the entire thing repeats.  Meanwhile, UCSD charges the same price for gym memberships that are closed, libraries you cannot access, office hours you cannot attend, experiences, an education you are robbed of.  We all did what we were supposed to do for 2 fucking years and they continue to pointlessly disrupt our education, and steal from us with no punishment. There is no government order to shut down the school. They are simply doing it.   I’m not a lawyer of any kind, but this has to be illegal. Is anyone here a law student? Can we do some kind of class action thing? They should not be able to charge the same amount as a genuine education.   For those of you who insist we continue to do everything they say ; what does it take? Really?
p8c6ny	0	Does anyone know when VDCN is planning to send out assignments for Sept-sept leases? My roommates and I already requested each other on resident forms and matched on roomsync but we also didn’t find a fourth roommate so I’m a little worried that’ll affect our chances of being paired up
9v4rbr	1	I concur that it’s nice to be able to study and eat snacks here. I do it sometimes too. But there’s a problem. When you bring crisps and soda to the fourth floor and chew with your mouth open and with gusto, it makes me want to throw up. I appreciate that you enjoy your food, but your slurping and crunching makes my stomach turn. I’m just trying to study, man. I came here because I thought it would be quiet. I’m so tired and I have a midterm tomorrow and the last thing I need is this. I beg you, please chew with your mouth closed and maybe don’t bring crisps next time.
e1sz9b	0	I’ve already taken psych001, just need another ss class to satisfy my required units
qljmsm	0	I'm at this chick, kind of think she's a spy, she's really hot and knows kung fu and says that her hobby is breaking into secret military bases and killing James Bond
ecwj5q	0	   My Winter Schedule as of now is ICS33, Math3A, WR39C, however I am a little confused about the 4th class, would y'all recommend ICS6D or INF43?  Update- I was a little skeptical about taking WR39C and ICS33 together however, the sample study program on the UCI website puts the two together, so I feel its gonna be alright..?  I am a little confused, some help would be highly appreciated:)
leg9mr	1	I'm tryna find an online satanic cult and/or ritual because there is literally nothing else that interests me right now.
bakqr8	0	Hi all! I am seeking your opinion on which school I should attend: UCSD or UCSB (both schools cost approx the same so finances aren't an issue). I am currently in environmental science but I am planning on switching to econ w a minor in business at UCSD and at UCSB economics! I would ideally like to land a job during senior year w/ a starting salary in the high 50s-60s and tbh I am rly not sure if I would like accounting but I would have to test it out!!  Factors I'm Considering:  1. Ease of getting a job/internship. How do the recruitment/networkings compare? 2. Education quality; professors, classes, etc. I heard you might need 5 years to graduate with an impacted major because of limited class spots? 3. General student body vibe: work ethic, socialness, racial diversity, open-mindedness level? I do know UCSB is characterized for their parties but you don't have to go; contrarily, UCSD is the opposite but you can find parties if you try. Are people cut-throat or willing to help each other? 4. Dorm Quality? (I'm in Marshall for SD and I'm not sure about SB)  Thank you for any help! (sorry long list of questions :/)
hdwgcj	1	Recently a meme was shared with the UCB subreddit outlining an allegedly "dismissive" and "disrespectful" act that, often, many non-Berkeley students are guilty of.  Please refer to University of California, Berkeley as "UCB." This is **the** proper way to refer to the UC's original and flagship campus. While Cal, Berkeley, or UC Berkeley are other proper and acceptable ways to say it, it is preferred to be referred to as just "UCB."  As the system's most prestigious and respected campus, UCB students feel that it is important to honor and maintain an appropriate level of respect for our university's name. They feel that "UCB" boldens their brand and emphasize the incredible prestige associated with UCB.  It is acceptable to refer to all other UC campuses in initialisms, as well as UCB, the so-called "flagship and most well-known campus," and they therefore request that you start using the name "UCB" to refer their school. Thank you.  TL:DR  Please say "UCB" when referring to Berkeley.
cdquu1	0	Ninja blender is 50% off just $50 and so is instant pot!!!
2wvt19	0	How likely the professor Dillencourt will curve the grade at the end of the quarter?  Even though I put my time into learning 6D my current grade is still around 70%. I just need a C to pass it. I know they curve grades in Math 2A, Math 2B.  Thank you.
fi86bc	0	From the bottom of my heart I am so sorry that the class of 2020 will not be having a commencement ceremony. I know that many of you have been waiting for this day and now it has been stripped from you. As a first generation college student I know how much you’ve work for this. So I am truly so sorry :(
9ae504	0	Hi all,   Im curious to know why First year calculus honors 09HA hasn't been offered on the prior schedules. Also, only 09HB is offered on the schedule curiously for fall instead of winter, being that its a 3 course series. Is there a way I can request 009A be turned onto 09HA. Is there a special process to take this course is what im asking?
dcz100	1	a cesspool of conformity?
m0ntz8	0	I am a third year freshman who decided to take CHASS Psych as a reason to get into medical school. Now I realize that biology is something that I want to do but I am told that since I’m a third year I can’t? I understand the policy but I feel like it’s stupid, I don’t know of any other colleges that have this system. Am I just stuck here forever? Forced to be in a major I hate? I am mainly just mad.
54j51p	0	So I got into the tower quad dorms.  I don't know how to talk to girls, and there's 3 other guys sleeping with me at night. So it's really tough for me to... ya know, **bust a zot**.  edit: please respond fast i really need to bust my zot right now it's been a whole week  So I need some good locations to bust my zot around campus pls help
3pe4oe	0	Title says it all
pjetr3	0	incoming freshman, continuing sophomores who lived at home, new junior year transfers and transfer seniors who stayed home😳 kinda comforting a lot of us (me included) are in the same boat
pyx2ao	1	WHY? Everywhere I look its just hot girl after hot girl after hot girl. In my classes: hot girls. In the library: hot girls. In the dining halls: hot girls. How can I focus among all these hot girls? They're everywhere except my dorm! I can't even leave my own dorm anymore without my eyes being berated by female beauty. How do you other male specimen out there function with all these hot girls running wild? I came to UCSD because everyone told me the girls here were ugly and I could finally focus on my studies. Jokes on me I guess! The only thing I'm studying now is the perfect figure of the girl sitting across from me right now. If you're reading this girl in the Twilight hoodie and orange crocs at CV rn,    ( ͡ ͡° ͜つ ͡͡° )
dhk07x	0	Is anyone taking history 20 right now with prof. Hawkins?  I have uno question
pn9qu	0	Attention Anteaters!! UC Irvine has officially started in the "February Frenzy" tournament hosted by the Frag Dolls!! UCI is and has been ranked the #1 "most liked" school across the nation! For every like that this page gets, we score points against 31 other universities and then we advance to the next round. The best part: YOU GUYS GET PRIZES!! Every time we advance to the next round, those of you who already like this page will be randomly selected for a chance to win an Ubisoft Prize Pack (including game of your choice) and, get this, a grand prize of $500 at the final round!!!! Check out the Frag Dolls facebook for our current standing against the other schools. Round 1 ends @ 5 PM on 2/13!! Get as many people to like this page and keep UC Irvine in the running!!! The more likes, the more chance you guys will win prizes! www.facebook.com/ubiuci Share with your friends and send me screenshots for proof, I'll send you free swag!!
4ehg63	1	I heard about a programming event the other day, and it turns out it was only for Latino programmers. Then I heard about another one and it was only for Black writers. I just feel annoyed by this. You don't have to be a certain race to write or program, so why should it matter? Can you imagine the outrage if an event was held for white programmers only? And I'm not even white, I'm Asian.   I am just annoyed that people can get away with this sort of thing. It's sort of like, reverse racism.
fi2r5x	0	Hey all,  I'm so sorry if this has been asked a lot lately, but if I were to get 3 C's in AP Calc, AP Psych, and APES would UC Davis rescind me?  Im also out of state so would they be more lenient on me since they want my money?  thank u
l754pr	0	we were both crying in the bathroom for like 10 minutes,  I never saw your face but hope you’re doing okay
bfh10b	0	I have ashtma and I can't stand the smell of smoke/marijuana. Will the police actually do anything if I call them?
a024zy	0	DM me for details
djre3m	0	There was just a pretty bad accident on ring road just now. Biker hit a girl who was walking from the grass to the walking side of the road. It seemed like she wasn’t paying attention and the biker slammed into her. This was by Parkview Classroom (which is the most downhill portion of ring road, so the biker was going really fast).  The person walking literally flipped back and slammed her head. I heard her head smack the road through my earphones. She seemed unconscious for a few moments, but I f anyone has additional info on how she’s doing, post here!  Wishing the best recovery given how bad it seemed.  EDIT: Both are okay (thanks for clarifying, u/KevMard)
qzej11	0	Got a 89% on the first midterm and a 78% on the second. What would I need on the final to get an A in the class and how do his curves work?
8ng03j	0	So I’m an incoming freshman majoring in NPB and I come from a very open minded place in SoCal. I started smoking weed for fun at first, but it became something that genuinely helps with my anxiety and depression (although the fun part is a bonus). It was something that I was planning on doing through college as well, but I don’t want to get a lot of shit for it. Can anyone tell me how stoners are perceived there? Also does anyone know any off campus places where I can smoke in peace?
pbi85n	1	What the fuck are those freaky people forcing student to walk all the way around the school to go to class?? Like I saw a few tall guys pushing through but most had to detour and lose precious minutes. I wasn't nearly strong enough to push though, got shoved back painfull as hell, had to detour and lost my seat to room capacity limit.    Is berkeley becomming survival of the fittest now!? Any strong students up to escorting me through those gate-blockers? Will pay $10, need to get to my seat before it's gone next time.
f12n9x	0	does anyone have the link for a free stream of tonight’s fight ??
dpgg79	0	Hi guys, I'm writing a paper about free speech on our campus. Would really appreciate it if people could take this brief 12-question survey. Diversity of political affiliation is encouraged. Thank youuuuuuu  Survey link: [**https://forms.gle/hV6kiDfw8n3SHjGJ7**](https://forms.gle/hV6kiDfw8n3SHjGJ7?fbclid=IwAR152jFaoDE0yNtdpgZYwfigpMQBYltr19GC-uhYjr7StD5ovEB6Vh_9Nf8)
rdp5g	0	To my delight, I have been accepted into UCLA along with the Regent Scholarship.  Both my parents and I do not have any expected contribution thanks to scholarship. Before the Fall quarter starts, how will I receive my financial aid? If I spend conservatively during the school year, will I have to return any leftover aids?   The current cost of attendance shown on my financial aid award is $32,781. Does anyone know how this is calculated?  And then there's housing. What kind of housing should I be aiming for? I'm a bit introverted. I prefer a quiet environment where I can study and have my own privacy, but I also want the option of being able to socialize. Is there any specific area in UCLA where people don't party a lot?  Last but not least, do most current Regent scholars join the Regent Society? What kind of activities do they do? I feel like if I join, I'll people singling out other potential new people I could meet in UCLA =x  thank you guys for taking your time to read this and helping me out
a9um4m	0	Any thoughts on  instructor “Murphy C L” for writing 2 ?
eu9ssd	0	Also, must I order something to stay in the cafe? Can I just walk in, sit down, and start doing hw?  Edit: oops. The way I worded sounds really cheap lol. What I meant was are there places that’s good to get work done that’s outside campus? Doesn’t have to be a cafe. I use to go to Barnes and noble actually.
553oqw	1	There I was, relaxing at Hana Kitchen, watching some youtube videos on my phone while eating a delicious chicken bowl when I noticed somthing in the corner of my eye.  Dangling Lanyard, UCSB sweater, bright, stoned red eyes, no facial hair, slicked back hairdoo. It was a freshman. In his hand was a Orange Fanta™. I've been reading about the horror stories and quickly closed the lid of my food and began walking away, but by then it was too late.  As I was walking away, he screamed "Nice cruiser faggot", and lassoed his lanyard around my neck. I fell down, my Hana Kitchen spilled all over the floor. He then opened his Fanta™ and poured it all over the mess on the floor that was once my delicious dinner. He then smirked and threw the Fanta™ bottle at my head and walked away.  I saw him walk outside, unlock the ulock that he only put on his front tire. And ride away in his $599 roadbike, lanyard dangling in the wind.   I hope you hit someone in a roundabout shitlord.
kxmzrk	1	Please don’t reply to my discussion posts or address me by my name in a groupme unless you want me to fall in love with you.  This is what it has come to.
tfw6vs	0	I am a cc student and want to transfer here. I am wondering if I can double major in these majors. I have seen the other major Computer Science and Engineering CSE and heard it's a blend of CS and CE. Should I just take CSE instead or can I double major in CS and CE?
hdwf5d	1	Recently a meme was shared with the UCB subreddit outlining an allegedly "dismissive" and "disrespectful" act that, often, many non-Berkeley students are guilty of.  Please refer to University of California, Berkeley as "UCB." This is **the** proper way to refer to the UC's original and flagship campus. While Cal, Berkeley, or UC Berkeley are other proper and acceptable ways to say it, it is preferred to be referred to as just "UCB."  As the system's most prestigious and respected campus, UCB students feel that it is important to honor and maintain an appropriate level of respect for our university's name. They feel that "UCB" boldens their brand and emphasize the incredible prestige associated with UCB.  It is acceptable to refer to all other UC campuses in initialisms, as well as UCB, the so-called "flagship and most well-known campus," and they therefore request that you start using the name "UCB" to refer their school. Thank you.  TL:DR  Please say "UCB" when referring to Berkeley.
f3nbo7	0	Get out of there boys
kr5d83	1	Then everyone started talking about how unethical the textbook industry is. I love how this happened in a business class.
pgmir	0	Hey fellow Bruins. I broke up with my boyfriend two weeks ago over some stupid shit, and I know he is hurting badly. I still care about him deeply and don't want to lose our friendship, but I'm too scared to go talk to him. How do I communicate that to him in a way that will let him see how much I love him without angering him or hurting him worsely?
74cvap	1	Howdy, I'm a freshman and I miss my male friends back home vry much. The only dudes that I've been able to meet are super predatory or super beta, so I am placing this wanted ad.  Race: any, but preferably Dutch, Tibetan, Chinese, or Mexican.   Must: play LOL no matter how dead it is, be a forever virgin, super meta, love communism, have a perfect 35 degree dab, have several anime body pillow, and have a heart of gold
2q21go	0	I received an 89.71% in Calc 9A. Not even .3% away from an A.   I emailed my professor as soon as I found out, which was on Wednesday.   He never replied to me though.   So, is all hope lost for that A? My professor was Fred Wilhelm btw, if anyone has any past experience with him.   Thanks.
5vs7ii	1	The campus is filled with snooty people who are hard to talk too. Not saying I'm coolest skater kid but shit when I'm trying to be polite does not mean I want to sleep with you. Just trying to kill time, also why is there so many meat heads on campus? Where are all the low key people who just want to make new friends and maybe grab beer.
sbauu0	0	UCLA said to return to campus Jan. 31st   UC Merced said return Feb. 7th   UCI said to return to campus Jan. 31st   UC San Diego said, professors can make the decision for hybrid/online/in-person   And I thought UCs follow one another.  Anyways, UCR hurry up and make a decision.
igkavn	0	My biggest tip:  DON’T feel bad about using free time to rest. Online or not, Berkeley is challenging. Mental health is already threatened by the external circumstances, and I encourage you guys to take care as school starts.   Rest does not mean being unproductive. It means being proactive about your well-being, and putting your well-being in a good state will make your daily activities less strenuous.   Rest can look like: - reading an easy book for fun - spending an hour to follow a recipe or make a new dessert (I miss Berkeley Bowl so so much) - organizing online game nights/trivia with friends (team challenges are great for bonding) - reorganizing your room layout (unless you don’t find this restful haha) - hiking/walking around campus (when the air is healthy...the views at Berkeley/Tilden are unmatched in my opinion)  Remember, college is never just about the classes!
mxfqfu	0	i got into berkeley today guys!!!! uc to uc transferring def not impossible!!!!! ucsc will always hold a special place in my heart that no other university can replace tho!
b005om	0	Triton Funds is currently seeking recruits for the Spring Quarter. This will be a one quarter program aimed at providing students who have the ambitious passion to learn about the world of investing and finance.  Triton Funds is the largest student run fund, with $25M AUM - run entirely by undergraduates from UC San Diego and Cal State Northridge. We are a private company not directly affiliated with the school. You can google us for more information or email [tritonfundsllc@gmail.com](mailto:tritonfundsllc@gmail.com)  &#x200B;  Fill out the google form below to set up for an interview come spring quarter. More information about us in the attached document.  &#x200B;  [Link to our Sign Up](https://goo.gl/forms/P0lA3qpfZgYfjim32)  [Link to our Program Description](https://docdro.id/Z7JGz0i)  [Link to our Website](https://tritonfunds.com/)
fay7st	0	I'm considering starting a petition to make it so that lectures will be recorded and posted online or livestreamed and archived, so that students worried about the outbreak can isolate themselves while still keeping up with their classes.  I know a lot of students are worried about graduating on time, which is why I think instead of shutting down classes next quarter, we should make accessing them from home an option. Not to mention, in the near future many students may end up in quarantine and it wouldn't be fair to them to miss out on class everyone else is able to attend.  What do you all think? Should I start a petition for that? Or is it a bad idea?
8tnryu	0	If i dropped cs 31 and still got the email about the cheating, what would happen if i admit? Its not pike they could give me a failing grade since i dropped it
9fo454	0	title.... I want to play Super Smash Brothers Melee for the Nintendo Gamecube
jbs82l	0	Seems like we’re gonna have one more semester online and possibly two more. Just thinking about the implication of having a transcript with two whole years of P’s on them. Not necessarily against it, but it’s definitely gonna feel weird.
fpl54j	1	Welcome to the University of California, Zoom. You've certainly come at an interesting time! 🥳
gsltfp	0	I had reached out to one of my professors two weeks ago asking for an extension on one of my essays solely because I have been feeling unmotivated and particularly lonely these days. She granted me the extension and didn’t give me a specific date to turn it in. I turned it in on Memorial Day, is using about a week extra to complete the essay.   Today, she emailed me with an email with “How are you?” as the subject. She simply reached out to see how I was doing and gave me the opportunity to talk to her if I wanted to. She had said she was thinking about me and wanted to check in to see how I was doing since I had been feeling down and alone.   All professors should strive to be as great and compassionate as this professor. She made my entire day and made me feel like she truly cares about me. We have been emailing back and forth since. Not all professors are this caring, but they should be.
p67nv3	0	This is like giving your address to strangers. You are putting this info out there for anyone to see, and this is especially bad if you have PII on your profile. We know you want help with what your room assignment means, but putting the number out there for everyone to see is not a smart idea.
e1zwno	0	Is it gonna happen today?
gvlzfp	0	In light of recent events, I could not give less of a fuck about skewing your grading scale or class average. Yes, some students (including myself!) would still like to take their finals to try and boost our grades BUT not everyone is in the right mental/physical space to do so.  Considering the fact that other professors have even decided to give all their students A’s for this quarter, this is quite literally the bare minimum you could do. We’re not even asking you to completely cancel your finals to get a free pass, just make it optional. Grades are a social construct. I promise you the fabric of time and space is not going to be ripped to shreds and the entire educational system will not collapse for having a little compassion for your students FOR ONE DAMN QUARTER.
ri7l57	1	Bro I was literally minding my own business trying to rawdog the cs61a final when my peace was interrupted by a sick girl in a yellow hoodie coughing for 20 mins straight. Then I turned around and she inhaled her bottle of cough syrup. I guess they did say all beverages allowed 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ wheeler 150 be wildin.
bp56du	0	So there i am at Boba Tea House, minding my own business, trying to buy a drink. my card is taking a while to scan and the cashier tries to initiate small talk by asking what I'm studying. I told her I'm a philosophy major, and she started laughing at me. I asked her why she was laughing and she went and got a coworker, who asked me what was going on. I was confused so I repeated myself, and he starts laughing too. Embarrassed, I quickly left the store and got in my car, before realizing I left my card inside. I tried to go back inside and they locked the door, pointing at me through the door and laughing. fuckk I'm so mad right now.
8rs4ls	1	Can we throw our cap at the end of commencement?   If so, can I throw a tortilla instead of my cap lol /s
oqaakf	0	I'm looking for a pin that says they/them but I'm new to the area and not sure where to look. Any ideas?
mvbzzd	1	I am trying to determine whether I choose UCD or SDSU for my Fall 2021 freshmen year. I will be majoring in Computer Engineering in both schools and I am having a hard time determining which school I think I should choose.   I am concerned that San Diego State doesn't have as good of a computer engineering class, so that makes me very hesitant. Also, I feel like SDSU won't give me as many job opportunities in comparison to Davis. That is really the only thing holding me back from choosing SDSU over Davis and I was looking for input on the matter. Otherwise, I would much rather be in San Diego.  If only there was a way to move UCD down to San Diego, smh my head.
q453wv	0	they’re honestly just trying their best. the way that they just do their little tasks and get the job done is so inspiring. seeing them rev up on their hind feet trying to go up the hills makes my day better. i love the starships and i will not stand for anti-starship-slander. they are genuinely CUTE
rxkyts	1	It’s so dummy, why I go to dummy school with dummies poopies heads. I wish I just go to not dummy school fart face leaders.   Gary may, more like Gary stinky dum dum May.   😵🥱
k16fz8	0	Hi guys! If you haven’t had the chance, please sign this petition and send it to as many people as you can. We have collected almost 2000 signatures in just 4 days! We have brought a lot of awareness to this issue and the response that the UCSB community has given shows that this change is needed! It’s not too late! If you believe in this issue sign, post, share, and send this petition!!!! We can do this!!   UCSB remains one of two UCs who have not changed their grading policies in light of the pandemic... To all students who feel like this quarter has been an uphill battle, this petition is for you. The UCSB community must address equity, diversity, and inclusion in remote education.   http://chng.it/xdH82VJPJP  If you support the statements,  please sign the petition and share the link with as many people as you can.
d65hxm	0	Socal is obviously the better cal...
meswo4	0	Ask your Qs here about your chances of getting in, what UCSC is like, what college living is like, and other related shenanigans.  Make sure you checkout the sidebar and search your question to see if it has already been answered!  **Please note, r/UCSC and all comments here are from non-UCSC affiliated users. These are not official answers. Please speak with a UCSC faculty or staff member for an official answer.**
mdwzbk	0	I was browsing through the UCLA Instagram about the students who got accepted and I saw a lot of comments saying, "blocked bestie" "unfollowed bestie" "time to unfollow from this garbage school" I'm sorry but if that's your attitude about getting rejected from UCLA than I'm happy you aren't coming here. Unpopular, but anyone who says that crap doesn't deserve to be walking amongst all you bright and respectful students.
1awpkw	0	Within students’ studies, academics and faith don’t always align. As a human biology major, Mohsini said there have been instances where the study of evolution conflicted with her faith.  “I learn things from school, for example evolution, that conflict with my religion,” Mohsini said. “But I only learn about evolution because it’s for school. I don’t take what I learn about evolution and take it to heart.”  Source: http://www.cityonahillpress.com/2013/03/14/room-for-faith/
1f6wan	0	EC for 14D. Shout out to RLC productions and Czarina De Jesus  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9vhO10DZ3U
b34vxw	0	Currently a 2nd year Business Administration student and was wondering if anybody has declared a minor at the school of public policy? How useful is the minor? What career path could you follow with a Business degree and public policy minor? Is it worth(as I would only have to take 6-7 course since my lower division classes fully overlapped from my major)?
f3dyjj	1	You can’t actually lick boots, you would get sick.   The protesters are wannabe communists tho.
t2tw7h	0	Sunsets in Santa Barbara are magical.  We watch them from the beach, or from the cliffs above.  As it gets chilly, we slowly walk back to our homes.   Downtowns get busy with people chatting over dinner,   music coming from student homes livens up the streets of our little college town.  Sunsets over winter Kiev can too, be magical.  However, as the sun sets over Ukrainian cities today, sirens will go off and windows will go dark.  Their inhabitants will seek shelter anticipating yet another sleepless night of air raids.   In darkness - the absence of light.  I argue that:  We are all part of the same democratic world built on the premise of freedom.  Education is an inherent enemy of any totalitarian regime as dissent has repeatedly grown from academic communities.  It is our privilege to defend it.  Besides financial aid, there are limited options of how we can support the Ukrainian people in its struggle for freedom.  I propose:  For the people of Ukraine, and for all of humanity.  We demonstrate our support by taking a minute of silence while pointing a flashlight to the sky at sunset.  Saying  *Let there be light*  &#x200B;  [our original seal](https://preview.redd.it/lvk4c6nq0fk81.png?width=490&format=png&auto=webp&s=5bcdc858184922d7d62311d1ac6958795accf0b6)
rhxa2d	0	was anyone else uncomfortable with the way ucr handled covid cases fall quarter? the email that was sent looked like a spam email and was often over a week sometime 10 days after the actual covid exposer. and there was no mandatory testing for people who had known exposure to a covid positive person. given the new variant is spreading quickly at other universities i really hope that ucr does a better job next quarter  edit: I'm not saying we should be back online and be isolated. I just wish that when covid cases happen the university would handle it better. If you have a known exposer you should be required to get tested before you return to classes. Anecdotally I have heard that many people aren't planning on getting the booster or are waiting. Bc there is no data on booster shots we don't know how protected we are with new variants. So maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea for the university to have more mandatory testing to catch cases before we have an outbreak.
crsy7o	1	Heard that there's a high chance of earth quake in this area. If my bed is made of metal or wood (the cheap recycled kind), will I survived an earthquake? What should I do if I notice one? Jump off ASAP, stay still, roll down slowly, cry, or what?   Also, I don't really care about the person in my bottom bunk so I'm not asking for them.
i7bd8j	0	**NOT A HATE CRIME.**  We want everyone to know that this was not a hate crime. And when I say we/us going forward, I’m referring to myself & another two individuals who saw the rope being thrown up.  The three of us did not throw the rope, but have been the ones contacting news media, the NAACP, and other resources via social media accounts. We want to help in any way we can going forward, something the two of us should have done a month ago.  The one who threw the rope urged us to stay quiet through threats. That’s still no excuse for our silence. There is no excuse for that silence.  **We want to do anything we can to make amends for the damage that we have caused.**
ay4720	1	calm down mate. This is college. A place where you debate different ideas and not yell at people who disagree with you.  Edit:Marked NSFW cuz college is for Adults and not whiny little kids.
s420et	0	Is it me or are the TA’s in the BME program horrible like Jesus Christ I’ve gone to the only two available sections in one of my classes and I was losing brain cells just hearing these people attempt to teach a problem
ijvmpw	0	Theta Tau is the premier co-ed professional engineering fraternity at UCI! We will be hosting our annual virtual fall rush starting October 5th-9th. More information is coming soon. Follow the Instagram and Facebook Page to stay updated! Feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions!   IG: [https://www.instagram.com/thetatauuci/](https://www.instagram.com/thetatauuci/)   Website: [https://www.thetatauuci.com/](https://www.thetatauuci.com/)   Teaser: [https://streamable.com/26lma9?fbclid=IwAR393eZUyzgeO4Q8k6VCGRd\_tWfr3V5uLLwSUj3e\_gvP6Ofj4SVmhtMp8XQ](https://streamable.com/26lma9?fbclid=IwAR393eZUyzgeO4Q8k6VCGRd_tWfr3V5uLLwSUj3e_gvP6Ofj4SVmhtMp8XQ)
9f0z4a	0	Has anyone else noticed them on all the corners around UCR?  I've heard they've had trouble in other cities.  Has anyone used the service before, and if so what is it like as in ease of use, availability, pricing, etc?
mhdykr	0	I'm currently a Saddleback student and I've applied to transfer to UCI. They start to send out transfer admissions decisions tomorrow and I'm super nervous. Fingers crossed! Been waiting on this day for months.
9b24qo	0	Is a schedule of ics 33, ics 51, and math 2B doable? I also threw a GE in there, but I'm not sure I'll keep it. Plz help and thank you.
sbri8i	1	i get that ucr wants money esp after everyone had refunded their parking pass but why are they saying we avoided the worst part of omicron? there will prob be another surge when we all move back and cases aren't even declining in riverside county... yes 95% of campus is vaccinated but that hasn't seemed to matter against omicron, we all know so many people who have gotten the booster and still gotten sick. everyone who wants the "college experience" what about those of us who are more at risk of bringing it home to our family members?  they're not even offering a hybrid option and are expecting absence to be high... they're asking departments to meet and help students who fall behind? this is going to be so bad, especially amongst those who live on campus in cramped dorms like AI... IMO we should have continued whole quarter online so we can ensure spring will be in person   https://preview.redd.it/36ebmt5v6od81.png?width=707&format=png&auto=webp&s=ee372af15bfe134f900b6541b3f7f392e4ec00ff
q29lp2	0	📢New Year, New Season       UCSD Esports has a variety of officer positions available for driven students that want to gain valuable esports experience!        📌| Fill out the link to join our organization!   🔗 | [https://bit.ly/UcsdEsportsOfficerFall2021…](https://t.co/DLaHRuRIhX?amp=1)   ⏰| Oct. 12th Deadline     &#x200B;  \#UCSDWIN🔱  [r ](https://preview.redd.it/mk0n3hd08qr71.png?width=600&format=png&auto=webp&s=c5a6b9dd9747c93a43ecd8daf58e2f47c95c767d)
k3k5f3	1	I'm trying. I really am, but I just can't pull myself together. I'm on "in bed" mode mentally that I just can't focus on school. I literally didn't bother attending my discussion classes for my classes this quarter. I lowkey wanna punch myself lol
end4ov	0	If you're wondering, seems like ~~Southwest Airlines fllight WN3146 LAX to SFO, overhead at \~12K feet:~~  [~~https://www.flightradar24.com/SWA3146/237dbde9~~](https://www.flightradar24.com/SWA3146/237dbde9)  People saying four B52 bombers. I was inside and didn't have a visual.
qndyt4	0	I would just say "I'm a third year". Why does "transfer" have to be the thing that divides UCLA students? Aren't we all going to the same school? I'm not a transfer, it's just a thought I found interesting.   &#x200B;  Transfers: Any thoughts behind why you choose to include "transfer"?
q1eqjh	0	I think someone mentioned this before, but I find it interesting people in the library are required to wear masks. So to get around it people go to ucen to “eat” but just study instead without a mask on. Thoughts? (Not judging either way, just bored between classes and was curious)
b20dxm	0	Good luck to everyone this finals season
rkv0vz	0	Let’s share and see how much this is gonna suck for everyone :(
b8dxh6	0	So most likely I will be attending the family orientation in place of my mother because she works. Anyways, from what I understood my sister HAS to spend the night. I live like 25 mins away, is it optional for me to spend the night? I'd rather drive home for the night and go back the next day for day 2 of orientation.
byzstu	0	I am joining as a transfer student this Fall and I can’t help but remove myself from social situations. I delve into a kafkaesque metamorphosis to which I would be better suited locked away in oblivion. I’m seeking a change and I want to start life a new. I want to be able to go to the bar, be able to have fun. Most of all I have repressed romantic desires I wish could manifest to reality. I would watch college movies with my uncle every night before we went to sleep and I’d dream for an experience similar to the ones I’d see. But alas I’d be hit with reality, waking up in the very same bed we slept in. I wish to change this. Any type of recommendations are appreciated
akvav2	0	Any idea on how to prepare for quizzes other than lecture slides or are the quizzes on general concepts based off the slides?
agi99w	0	Last quarter I took: ICS 6B, ICS 32A, Writing 39C. I felt like my workload was extremely light and thought I could handle more, so I decided to enroll in 16 units for winter quarter.  Currently I’m taking: Pysch 7A (Hagedorn), ICS 6D (Gassko), Stats 67 (Armstrong), and ICS 33 (Pattis).   Since the quarter began, my workload has increased ten fold. The problem is, 80 percent of the time I’m doing hw is occupied by working on stuff for ICS 33 (which I need to take), so I don’t know if dropping 6D or 67 would make much a difference. Content-wise, both of these math classes are pretty okay so far, Im just afraid that if they spike in difficulty near midterm/finals week, it could hurt my GPA. I’m also afraid that if I drop one of these math classes (leaning towards 67), that I’ll just be wasting more time/tuition by enrolling in 12 units like I did last quarter.  I know people warn against taking two math classes in one quarter, but I also have heard of people doing this before and still doing well. Is there anyone who has been in a similar situation that could give me some advice?
fhc8xj	0	Do you also think that the other UC Davis kitties (Coco and Compost) should get a new friend/companion kitty as well, so that they can feel less lonely and have someone to play with?
flvp1j	0	It just hit me today that this might be my last time on campus in a very long time - I will be moving out of California because of grad school around the time commencement is supposed to take place. To all you who still have time left, enjoy everything. Even the most mundane things are beautiful.   One time I was bored and walked around, I saw a dolphin. And I met many amazing people here. Ignore my ramblers and I hope you are all in great health.
sor3ws	0	I faceplanted while riding a Bird for the first time today behind two students and they were so nice to me. They helped me up and said it was okay and even told me to have a good day. It really made my day. And in general I feel like my classmates are all really nice and helpful, whether I forget to bring a pencil to class or miss class and need someone's notes. I feel like most students I meet are actually very kind, now that I think about it. Anyway I love y'all
78j25q	0	I would love to invite anyone to hangout with myself or me and my friends. I'm sure we can find something we have in common, even if it's just studying together sometimes. I've seen a few posts on here about being lonely and that's a huge bummer. I've seen it a lot on campus too.        Here are some things me and my friends do:      - Study together/get lunch/coffee etc on campus   - Game nights about once a month. Board games and Mario Kart mostly (people drink but nothing major)     - Watch sports (NFL and NBA mostly, some CFB)   - Smoking (by itself or with any of the above activities)   - Video games (CoD, Mario Kart, Smash Bros, etc)     - Gym (lifting mostly, but cardio sometimes lol)   - Explore the Bay (Point Reyes, Muir woods, etc)   - Sports (basketball, football)    - Bars and Gameday stuff (I actually watch the Cal games tho lol)   - Class work. Keep eachother focused     Please post in here or PM me if you'd like an invite to any of the above! This is an open invitation to any Bears.      Or, post in here with things you enjoy and maybe others could reply if you share hobbys/interests?
dch6c6	0	Someone in my 1:00 pm stats class had the best breath ever. I don’t know who it was because I didn’t want to turn around and make it obvious. But like come on, you have to pass around those listerine strips so everyone’s breath can smell as amazing as yours. Especially in a moderately packed lecture hall
fpkzur	0	Like whether it's going to be online or show up to class?  I havent received word for 3 of my classes, I'm assuming it's because no one is sure yet how it's going to be run... but yea..  Pstat 171 English 50 Math 147A
pme1ig	0	Do you think that it is better to have the window side of the room? Or the non-window side?  The non-window side is bigger and the fridge and microwave are on that side.  And the window side has the positive of having better lighting and a better view of the sun when waking in the morning.
2l8jh9	0	Every month I smoke a cigar with my buddies. I'm aware that smoking isn't tolerated on campus property, so I'm just wondering where I could smoke now. (preferably without bothering others)
ibt21f	0	Engineers of the Future at UCR is accepting leadership applications for the upcoming school year. If you're looking for a way to be active in a social / professional development / community service engineering club please sign up or apply for a leadership role by this Friday's deadline (link below). We will have guest speakers and will be working with high school students interested in an engineering education to help them be successful. This is a great opportunity to build on your resume while many opportunities are being cut down (thanks covid).  Please feel free to reach out with questions: [eotfatucr@gmail.com](mailto:eotfatucr@gmail.com)  Leadership application: [https://forms.gle/SdigrLkvqBXPm6c5A](https://forms.gle/SdigrLkvqBXPm6c5A)
qec8sl	0	Hey guys, is the first day of winter 2022 January 3rd or another date?? I can’t remember or find anything on it. Thanks!
ed22me	0	breathe. you've made it so far this year. you've gotten through so many things that you thought you wouldn't, and you'll continue to get through this, whatever it is. i know you can. i believe in you, and i'm so, so proud of you. i know it probably seems impossible, but it's going to be ok.   breathe in, breathe out. and just keep breathing. we're gonna get there.  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  \--credit: anon
doiwnz	0	The pepper spray.   Ban Sig Pi.
927pb5	0	Planning on taking Chem6C, Chem7L along with Math 18 at UCSD in one quarter. Wondering if it will actually be manageable or if i should take Chem 7L later?
mqxhso	0	Hello everyone, I've been made aware that I have been posting so much that the admins have been receiving complaints about me flooding the feed and I apologize for that.  As an elected official I'm just trying to use this platform to share the information sent to me by local organizations that are trying to help the community.  I will post once a week now but will still post regularly on my personal account if anyone would like to follow me and stay connected with city issues and services.  Sorry again and thank you for engaging with me.
gyu75w	0	midnight yell with me
3ab9x9	0	Hello again, redditors of Orange County!  We are continuing to gather opinions from people like you in order to inform the building of a new apartment complex in Irvine.   This survey consists of 13 questions and NO FLOORPLANS! We know that you are tired of looking at those. This survey is mostly about what kind of indoor and outdoor amenities interest you.  If you complete the survey and the prize entry form, then you will be included in a random drawing for one of three cash prizes of $100 each. Survey responses are anonymous and contact information concerning prizes is confidential.  To take the survey, click here:https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3X37ZFN  The survey will close on June 28th, 2015  Thanks for sharing your opinions with us so that we can provide better housing!  Kirsten and team
tdh6a8	0	Seriously, for anyone waiting for admissions, stop asking us for percentages of you getting in. We're students in the midst of finals week. The last thing we want to see on Reddit is someone asking for us to chance you. If you want to do that, go to r/chanceme for advice. Please, just don't ask us. Have a good day.
14aiz5	0	Hey all!  I recently jumped on board the moped train and it is unbelievable. Truly the only way to experience is to own one and ride it, and even better is to ride with others.  Let me know if you want to start holding rides and possibly even start an official club at UCSD if we get enough riders.   here is a taste http://www.mopedarmy.com/
f2cpqu	0	COLA is a bandaid. COLA is not going to improve the housing situation in Santa Cruz or Santa Cruz County. UCSC predicted this issue back in 2005 (see [link](https://lrdp.ucsc.edu/Final2005EIR/2005feir-VI-app_c-hsgimpact.pdf?fbclid=IwAR1HR-VX_P_vi6vKsszyqBaonIYS5MSBm5D2Qp-jGDDM7JdrP5WLUVBDcCw) ) UCSC wanted to build more housing on campus YEARS AGO but the city and county have exercised through any legal means necessary to block expansion (see [link](http://www.smartvoter.org/2006/11/07/ca/scz/meas/I/) ).   Per usual, this strike is entirely misguided, the UCSC Admin has had their hands tied regarding this issue for over a decade, with zero help from the City and County of Santa Cruz, the UC regents, and the state of CA.
bp9217	1	“Sex” is a hoax invented by neo-marxists within social science academia to subjugate men to the will of feminists and thus dismantle traditional values. Have any of you actually had “sex”? Yeah, me neither. Don’t believe the lies
54t9xi	1	Anyone's thoughts on the new fleet of city buses? I think the are complete trash. Less room for people and no places to grab onto really if you are standing. Not to mention the shitty led lights that are always on. Also fun that they found funding for new buses but not to keep more routes operating.
me3m3g	0	Who else is not ready for spring quarter? I don't want to start this grind again :( It's too soon
g69y0h	0	Hey guys I'm debating on which school I should attend this fall. I didn't get into uci, but I need to ask this question in a community where answers won't be biased.
nlr8lf	0	I am an incoming graduate student and...  &#x200B;  The amount of posts specifically surrounding boba on this subreddit is worrisome. Am I the only one that doesn't care at all for boba? Fight me.
pjvm7h	1	Well there you have it, came aug 29th and was sick as a damn dog on the 1st. Getting better now.  Should I take fall off ? It killed my motivation to do anything and is just isn't a very good experience (no shit) Its my 6th year of school and my goal is to graduate asap because I just cant stand to be around anymore.
2j0glc	0	Are students with preferred or "AR" permits allowed to park in "AR reserve  staff parking"? I'm confused between AR vs Staff parking since the signs are miss leading.  Zone 1 the Mesa Parking Structures says AR reserve Staff parking but the lots have AR sprayed paint on the floor.
fgta3m	0	Pluta's class has like 100+ people for sure... Discussion is the only thing im going to if im forced to go.
fs6p6z	0	Hello y'all. I'm a student at a community college, and I applied for UCR as a transfer student. My GPA is pretty good (3.8), and I still have to finish 4 courses before transferring which should give me the opportunity to bump up my GPA even more. However, I still haven't heard anything from them, even though most of my friends got accepted. When I log in the portal, it still says that my application is still being considered for an admission decision, aka still pending. Should I be worried? It's almost the end of the month and I have a feeling I won't be accepted. :( Anything helps. Thanks!
hs2ff0	0	Do a the unit cap for switching majors apply if you are doing a double major? I am currently in ICS 31 and want to try add a computer science major but I think the Unit Cap is 90 units. My dilemma is that by the end of fall quarter I will have around 130units(around 90 if u don’t count the credits I got from APs). So my main concern is will I still be able to add the major if I don’t manage to get into ICS 32 in the fall?
h7f9bg	0	The more I learn about Berkeley, the happier I get about being accepted here.  Even the little things just make me love it. I was set on another dream school during the admissions process but they denied me. Then I found out I got into Berkeley.   Now I can’t imagine myself going to any other school. Go bears!
b6z18i	1	Qualifications:  3.7+ GPA  Working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Graduate Students not allowed  Comfortable with SQL  Enrolled in less than 17 Credits for Spring 2019  Comfortable with Pets  Good eating habits  Coding Challenge:  Find the midpoint of any two points on an XY plane in Python  PM me! Serious Inquiries only!
gut156	0	(This is somewhat in response to the posts I've been seeing on this subreddit about the ongoing protests affecting students' ability to take spring finals.) In my opinion, I think it could be more effective to ask your professors for I (incomplete) grades than/additional to protesting for optional finals. I grades would allow you to complete the class final/project/whatever you decide with your professor up to a year after the end of this term (unless you are graduating, then different rules apply as per [this page](https://registrar.ucdavis.edu/records/grades/incomplete) from the Registrar's site). It seems unlikely that the administration will cancel finals or raise everyone's grades, so this could be a good option if the professors are for it.
hy7264	0	I havent met him yet but im sure hes not that bad?
fjbpyq	0	I’m a student at another UC but due to the current coronavirus outbreak I’m moving back home to the surrounding area. I’m looking for some people to ride with as most of my current riding buddies are pretty far away; if you might be down feel free to comment on here and/or PM me and we can hit each other up in the future.
soqv6y	0	Hi … we want to meet people… let’s get together on Monday … what do you think? I am gathering ideas of what to do and where to go… Price range up to $25 where to meet? It is Spring and at any moment.. just a smile, even under a mask… can start a nice friendship… don’t hide on your phone… look up… check the nice people’s eyes… we ALL are looking to start a friendship… be the first one to say Hi!!! A cup of coffee, a slice of pizza can be the catalyst… just ASK the guy or girl next to you in class… at the Library… waiting in lines… this is it for many of us … don’t worry…take a chance… look up right now… who would say no to you… intelligent, warm, curious ready to make a new friend …
pcb3wu	1	just food for thought + my homies lambda and delta running through while people catch-up on all the socializing/partying they “missed out on” even with promises of professional distancing
9hh7td	0	Hi everyone, I'm an incoming freshman and just saw that some of my professors we're updated if you could give any advice on them or information I would appreciate it.  Steven Gindi - MATH 9C Chia-En Chang - CHEM 1A Wallace Cleaves - ENGL 1A Edith Canalizo - NASC 93  It would be nice to know something about the professors before I'm in class. Thank you in advance :)
25k7b3	0	I'm going to have my major requirements finished before fall and just need any upper divisions for units. If you know of any easy upper divisions, or ones people really enjoyed taking please let me know since I don't know what to take! Thanks
saelbk	1	I don’t care. I’ve done everything to avoid COVID for 2 years. Lost all my friends while they went to campus and partied all the time and started their new lives. Lost my mental sanity sitting at home and going crazy. All for the greater good. I’m not going to get COVID now because my greedy and incompetent school is forcing us to go back. Most doctors I know still say Omircon is a big deal, and going back is a horrible idea. Idc what happens, all I know is that I’m not risking my health and risking long COVID to attend a few classes.
oqjg5i	0	DUI Checkpoint at Los Carneros and Calle Koral right now. Be safe out there y’all.
b9r1bh	0	Just wondering if I'm the only one that knows the trick and never has to authenticate to sign into myUCLA.
bk2cn2	0	Hi, I'm going to be attending UC Riverside next year for computer science and was wondering if it would be possible to graduate in two years. I have 16 AP courses which I believe can pass me out of some of the math courses, physics, and electives. Also, I will be taking summer courses this summer to finish off more classes. With all of this, is it possible to graduate in two years?  &#x200B;  Also, I was wondering if transferring to another UC is possible after attending UCR for one year. So essentially transferring out after one year.
fi4gxf	1	From Kohlsa's March 9th campus wide email:  *Cancellation or postponement of events or meetings that are expected to have more than 100 people.*   *Cancellation or postponement of non-essential visits to campus by groups of more than 15 people.*  Pick a section of Geisel during the evening, it's chock full of students well in excess of 15 or more and definitely within 6 feet of each other.  Don't get me started on 2nd floor East Wing... I don't understand how you can have these guidelines and not recognize/deal with the library.  For fuck's sake, the library is the icon of the campus, it's on every business card and letterhead I've ever encountered and there is no mention of it.  Also here is a rundown of what happened in the past before the expanse of online classes.   2003 wildfires = campus closed.  2007 wildfires = campus closed.  2019 invisible virus = campus open.  Please keep in mind - students need a place to study, but by the parameters set out by the big man, **THE** place to study should have been eliminated concurrently with in-person classes.
3vgx91	0	I am looking ahead at next quarter and I have 2 finals one day, 1 hr apart. I'm wondering if we have a testing center or something where, with professor approval, I could take the final either a day before or a day after it is scheduled. Anyone ever done this or heard of this happening?
ben21l	0	How is the political science major like in UCSD? Is it the courseload high? Difficult?   Also, what are some internships or careers that poli sci students take?  I am thinking about double majoring in communication and poli sci.   Thank you so much!
e5a5pu	1	I really fuck with the energy of you looking down at it and simply saying “solid” before picking it up and walking away. I hope to reflect that vibe going into dead week.
14qhyp	0	A few weeks ago, I came across a rant on Cal's subreddit (r/berkeley) where students were complaining about the lack of social life and lack of sex. So I'm wondering...at our fine establishment, how often do you get laid?   EDIT: not trying to "gather statistics" nor am I trying to have a "pissing fight" with anyone about who gets laid more. Just trying to have an open discussion about our sex lives :)
micgwa	0	I got offered a lease for an apartment in Plaza Verde after applying back in January but I don’t want to move and spend all that money on rent if classes for next year still end up being online. The lease stated it was written with the assumption classes will be in person next school year and OC has moved into the Orange tier with covid cases but do you honestly think next year will be delivered in person? I’m just trying to make be reasonable because this is a big financial decision I have to make. If it helps I’m currently a freshman and will be a sophomore in 2021-2022.
gjtgl7	0	I am so tired of being the only person who responds to my TAs or professors in class. Do you guys not feel the painfully awkward silence when they ask a question and no one responds for 30 seconds? I also want to stress that I am not an outgoing person at all, so if I am the only person responding it's a really bad sign. If everyone just tried to answer one question per class everything would be so much easier. Please guys help me out here.
8ownet	0	I lost my AirPods case on campus ~2-3 weeks ago and still haven't found it, so I want to replace it before I head back home. If you have one you're not using, let me know and I'll buy it from you. Thanks!!
jh25mu	0	Edit: Winter 2021, SOC/ANTHRO/MESA department is 100% online for winter, college of Letters and Science are moving TOWARDS online  I just had an advising appointment with one of the SOC advisors and they told me that the Letters & Science college has decided to go all remote for winter quarter and to spread the word since the chancellor hasn’t been addressing it. Just in case y’all are still pondering on needing to get housing etc hopefully this helps give some insight on what’s going on.
qel06g	0	My first day at Glasgow is tomorrow. When I get there and clock in what am I supposed to do after like is someone going to guide me on how to do stuff ??
t62ggg	0	I forget this anteater expresses drivers name but by far he’s my favorite driver. He says good morning and how are you to everyone when they come onboard. And he makes announcements on where the bus is stopping next cheerfully . He’s so wholesome and I love it
gdsu3k	0	So since we can still get our graduation gear, can I go onto campus and take my grad pics still like I’m first gen and this stuff sucks ugh I paid hella money for my photographer someone help
iuzrys	0	&#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/e6dd6jrv7un51.jpg?width=687&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3f5299bfc94f9c3cf8bfd659736387e5ec2d6f85  There's more info in today's email about Covid in IV as well. I suggest reading through it if you haven't.
b91lrr	0	And let me touch them!!!!! I can look after them while you're in class.  Thanks
3myo8s	0	This is a PSA. It's disgusting, but not only that, it's an easy way to pick up rashes, skin infections (https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/3mx3c8/psa_caught_a_highly_contagious_skin_disease_from/), and all manner of touch-contagious stuff.   At this point, wipe down the machines before and after you use them. I'd love to say hygiene and cleanliness are things students are familiar with, but the smell in the smaller lecture halls beg to differ.
ezlig3	0	Stop getting more food than what you can eat. We throw away about 400 pounds of food waste a day at Lothian alone! Stop it! Eat one item at a time. Still hungry? Grab some more. However, dont get one of everything all at the same time and then end up full and just throw it out afterwards. Stop wasting fools!
chucoj	1	All that fucking 🤬🤬 hard work 😠 for nothing 😤😤The overall experience is absolute trash 🗑 but I thought 💭 maybe the reputation would save 😭 it but look at that shit 💩 👆one in 3️⃣ what the fuck 🤬🤬 That’s middle America 🤠 tier. Just let anyone in! 😰😰 Worked too hard? 😵 Come on in! Did you work a bit more hard than usual? Come on in! 😡😡  I got fucking regents 🤗 they bought me the fuck 🤬 out.But fuck this I should’ve gone to USC 💰 or UCLA 😍and just take an 👎 L on the debt 💵 All the sacrifices 😢 I made for prestige 😎and 💰 money: working EXTREMELY hard 😓 for 1530 SAT giving up 😔 a social life, giving up a dream 🛏 school atmosphere and experience all for fucking nothing 😡 all absolutely out the fucking window 🏠When anyone 💁‍♀️ can get in like this what’s the point 👉 in working so hard 😩 to get yourself or of the herd 🐮 ? Any fucking dumbass 🤓can make it in here. I’m fricking done ✅ with this place  I’m going to be obsessed 😍with getting post graduate👩‍🎓 work 😤😤 so I can erase this embarrassment 😭😭from my life 😪  If this was your “target” 🎯school 🏫and you got in congrats 🎉 but just to let you know 🧠 as you have realized 🤔 you are not very ambitious 😠 and you settled for very little 🙄👌
7xv20k	0	I just want to rant for a sec and honestly just say a friendly "fuck you" to every meter maid, their families and their pets.   Had to park ASAP in revelle, for I needed  to pay my housing deposit in person and the HDH offices closed at 430, it was 425.  I tried to park at the 20min loading zones but they were full, so I just said fuck it, wrote a little plea letter along the lines of "please don't cite me, emergency parking" explainning my reasoning, the time I parked, and that I'd be back very shortly. I did what I had to do, barely making it in time, then came back to a fucking meter maid inspecting my car the second I got there, i tried to explain to him my situation, but it fell on depth ears. All I could do was stand there waiting for him to finish writing his ticket, when he gave it to me all I said was a nice friendly "thanks for keeping the parking lots safe you piece of shit minute maid" and we both went on our ways.   65$ isn't the end of the world. But the very fact that it was an emergency I tried to explain, had evidence to prove I wasn't lying, and the fact that it took more energy out of him to write me a citation than to say just shrug it off just kinda grinded my gears.
cqla9g	0	I'm looking to host a Yang rally (or some sort of political event) on campus in the fall! I spent the past two years just avoiding politics in general because it's just been incredibly depressing af, but since discovering Andrew Yang, I've found a real resurgence in my interest in politics and would really love to get back into political activism!  Where would I go about creating something like that? I did some googling, but had a hard time figuring out how to host events like this on campus (and whether or not the school would squelch something like this)
rwwto3	1	If good ol Gary is chill with us catching optimuscron then why don’t we pay him a lil visit and give him a smoocher to spread the wealth. In fact, I could be crazy right here, let’s aim for a 100% infected rate so we don’t have to catch omnicron later. There will be no casualties ( well there will be in the old and the youngins but it’s a necessary evil if it means I can see my fwends 😎🥸 ) and we will get over this hump a lot quicker !
jdualj	1	i miss being on campus and making friends with random people in my classes. I miss walking through campus and dodging all the skaters and bicyclists. I even miss the cum trees :(   I hope everyone’s doing well and if anyone needs a friend im here:)
nk455k	0	As we continue to get vaccinated, and most likely the Pfizer will be federally approved (FDA) by October which will make it a lot easier to produce and process America while allowing business, government, and schools to enforce it. Why are still a minority of students wanting to stay lockdown, wear masks, stay distant, and never come back normal? Too many people need to come back to our normal life.
7zsihb	0	I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything. He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?” I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying. The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter. When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
q89pnd	1	My social skills aren’t bad but I feel I have trouble finding a good time to talk to girls w intention of building relationship   Should I just stop and tell a girl on bruinwalk I find her cute? At the dining hall while eating? At a table while studying?   Ofc building relationships through class would be best but no1 in my discussions interests me too much.   Any advice would be helpful. Thanks.
f2nrsv	0	So, so many throwaways posting arguments heard weeks ago. If you wanna use throwaways, power to you, but please make it original content. It's boring replying to the same three poorly researched anti-strike arguments.   There's plenty of arguments for and against the strike, but hearing the same basic level shit reposted ad infinitum is mind-numbing. Take a second and please read some of the big threads already, I assure your questions and/or "unpopular" (read; unresearched) opinions have been dealt with already.    Sifting through these thoughtless takes will help us focus on the actually solid arguments for or against the strike.  Again, posting arguments against the strike is fine, encouraged even. Posting the same three is tiresome. We need a megathread.
t0kc9	0	I would like to file a complaint about Green Mondays, especially at Carrillo:  We are paying quite a lot for these meals, so obviously we expect a large selection of food at the highest possible level of convenience. The truth of the matter is that even though Green Mondays take place at one dining common, it is very inconvenient to go all the way across campus (maybe even in the heat of potentially missing a class) to find a dining common that fits my dietary needs. Not to mention, vegetarians are such a small subset of the population, that it seems rather unconventional to put their needs before those of rest of the population.  Yes, I agree that this is for the good of the environment, but it is not what we paid for. I am not asking to abolish Green Mondays, but it would be much more convenient for those in San Rafael and Manzanita if it was restricted to either Ortega or DLG.
bcivdk	0	I got a ticket that I bought and don't plan to go anymore, so anyone willing to buy it off of me? I paid $160 but I'm willing to negotiate. Please let me know! (Concert's on 4/20 btw)
16lwai	0	Major; psychology Community College GPA; 3.77 Major GPA; 4.0 lot's of EC's and work experience, solid personal statements   any and all feedback is appreciated
sann6g	0	Many UCLA students are worried about the return to in-person for winter quarter, especially when the Covid cases in LA County are 40k+ a day. Students who are or have loved ones who are immunocompromised/disabled are especially at risk.   Please help us advocate for a safe learning environment!  &#x200B;  [**https://chng.it/fQRVVXqSLc**](https://chng.it/fQRVVXqSLc)
lhbus5	0	This post is made possible by the Chinese students gang. Happy Chinese New Year :)
rxso6p	0	Here’s my thoughts if I was Admin here is what I would do. UCI goes back in-person Week 3, but lecture notes and recorded lectures are available online to those students who don’t feel safe coming to school. It should be everyone’s option, with all quizzes and exams online also. Isn’t that a policy fair to everyone?
5kbxuy	0	I can imagine the overall difficulty and seriousness STEM courses in UCs like UCB and UCSD. However, is the competition any similar to the likes of the universities I just mentioned? Is the environment for engineering/science very studious? Well of course it is, but at the same level as a highly rigorous academic school? UCSB is above average I know that, but I just want to know what is the judgement type of how it "looks" there - well, you know what I mean.
aurkci	0	I remember something about a class where you would work as an intern and get credit over the summer or something?
m8040o	0	F in two classes, C- in the other two classes. As a third year, I’m seriously fucked. This is my first quarter ever getting such shitty grades. Maybe this post will make y’all feel better about your grades.
cvsw80	0	Hey guys. So, I’m a third year and heavily considering rushing in fall. I never have because a lot of the top srats here have a bad reputation. But I decided I’m just gonna go for it. And alright, I know top houses haze. I’ve heard stories from DG alum and ADPi girls about a lot of gross body shaming that goes on. I understand that’s just the way it is and have enough self confidence to not let that get to me. BUT, I am concerned about hazing involving alcohol bc ya girl has a low tolerance and hates being too drunk. I’m also tall, pretty, good gpa, so I’m most likely getting into a top house. I was wondering if any of u have info on srat hazing, bc im not tryna waste $75 to rush if I’m not gonna be down. ((Pls be anonymous so u don’t get in trouble lmao))  Also !! @ anyone in top houses,, do u think it’s worth the time and money?
pvnrq5	0	You sound lovely! You're so good! I hope you play every single night! I feel like looking out the window dramatically while the wind blows through my hair, your playing is making me SO happy! Keep up the awesomeness my fellow Gaucho what a legend ❤️
n0sxdq	0	Hello! Are you a fourth year about to graduate? Are you sad and disappointed because you didn't make the friends you wanted to make in college? Do you want to make friends but worry it will look weird and desperate now?? Do you worry that you're a burden and would bother anyone you talk to? Do you think its too late to try to make friends now? Well you're wrong and look no further. Here I am, a 4th year bio major about to graduate who wants to get to know you and make friends.   My interests: procrastinating my last quarter though  cartoons/anime, drawing, walking around outside, scrolling on tik tok and Twitter   Idk what else to say but point being, if you want someone to talk to, I'm here  Edit: thank you to everyone who has responded. It means a lot simply reaching out and I genuinely enjoy responding to everyone!! No matter how much time passes since I posted this, plz feel free to reach out to me  Edit2: I created a discord server!! https://discord.gg/Ukq36G7w
scyki8	0	I find it really irresponsible and dumb considering we are going back to school on the 31st. Why risk covid cases going up for one night of fun?      S E L F I S H
ghraow	0	Hi, I currently got off the waitlist for Davis computer science and engineering and I am having a hard time choosing between the two schools. For UCSD, I have the major computer engineering. Can someone provide insight on their experience at either schools and what helped them decide?
9ny0b8	0	So in order to apply for a benefit, I need to print out an official report of my class grades during summer (both summer sessions). But I am not sure where I can find a form with a school logo on them. Thanks!
31yjg5	0	I've seen them around but can't seem to find out where to purchase one.   Thanks!
qlggju	1	So from what I hear the mask mandate is gone on November 5th for Santa Barbara County: will UCSB follow suit?  I don't wanna be wearing this forever I already got my vaccine yo!  (incoming "yOu cAn StIlL CaTcH COvID if YoU are VacCinatEd" comments -- yeah I know, but the death rate is much, much, much lower if you are vaccinated) and I would love if we went back to normal like some other counties and states are doing such as San Diego County or my home state Utah.  LMK if you guys have any insight 🙏
h8yqs3	1	Tfw you bring your family down to celebrate your commencement, get a nice photo and quote sent in for your slide, make a whole table of food for the celebration... And your college forgets to put your slide in the live commencement.   What a fitting way to close out my time here!!
nxh7pj	0	Has anybody had any success in the past changing from pass /no pass to the actual grade after deadline?   My finals were way easier than expected and I see that I’ve gotten three A’s.  I’d rather have an A than P on my transcripts .
glcg29	1	The admins are too powerful and exercise too much control over the normal users. We have a right to equitable gameplay experience. Our liberties have long been withheld from us, and justice runneth deep in the blood of the repressed.   I’ve put together a bruteforceOP algorithm using AuthHack from Impact opensource. I’ve already created a successful alt imitation of the chancellor’s account. The admins are next.   From now on, no identity on Blockeley can be trusted. The revolutionaries will soon have access to everything. You have been warned.
hagna7	0	After the free parking on campus was eliminated I quickly found a location for free parking and have been keeping it quite because I didn't want it to get crowded. Now that I graduated I don't care anymore so here's the location.  Look up University Heights Middle School. It's located two blocks north of one of the Lots on campus. The school has the street infront of it completely empty because teachers use the provided parking lot. There's room for like 20+ cars on this street. The only downside is that two days throughout the week sweepers come so there are signs saying you can't park during those times.  Anyways I parked there the entire last quarter and it was fine minus going back there like at 9pm because the two blocks from the parking lot to the school aren't lit up. That being said the streets were usually empty.   Anyways good luck.
almd0z	0	Title. Thanks for any help!
3e1982	0	I was wondering if there's any gaucho out there that's willing to help me out. I wanted to get ahold of a couple of syllabuses (syllabi?) for my classes for next year so I can utilize this summer by reading ahead and trying to see how things will be. My classes will be Chem109AB, Chem6AB Labs, MCDB1AB, MCDB 1AL, EEMB2-2L, EEMB3-3L, and Physics 6ABC (and the lab). Thank you in advance!
8yllln	0	I’m a freshman and I put on my ap test to have my scores sent to UCSB. They came out July 5th and they aren’t on my admissions checklist yet. They’re due July 15th so I’m really starting to freak out. What do I do?  Edit: I just called. Turned out College board had reported my scores without the last o in my last name. I called office of admissions and they were very nice and fixed it on the spot. Anyone have the same issue should just call :)
rb9qrf	1	WHY? Every time I shift my eyes even slightly away from whatever I'm working on I just see hot guy after hot guy after hot guy. In my writing class discussions: hot guys. In my lectures: hot guys. In my lab classes: hot guys. In the library: hot guys. In price center: hot guys. How could I ever focus on studies when I'm surrounded by such gorgeous and and handsome folks?? These guys are really everywhere except in my arms! I can't even step outside the door of my apartment without my eyes being blinded by such attractiveness of guys around me. I really came to UC Socially Dead because everyone told me that the guys here were ugly and I could finally focus on my studies and work without worrying about partying or catching feelings. Look where that has gotten me! The only work I've done is plan out my entire future with the hot guy sitting three tables over from me at price center with Panda Express Orange Chicken and a Lychee Calpico. If you were the guy in price center today with the light pink hoodie and green flannel over it, black cargo pants and red sketchers, (◕‿◕✿)
gm5744	0	Yeah. I had to present a scene (directing major) and they wanted to see our ability to stage people in relation to other people. So i spent several hours yesterday recording voice actors... and planning where my dolls would stand on my table. I ran out of dolls for characters, so one of them was a honey bear bottle. Today I presented that for 15% of my grade. My professor liked it.  Coronavirus has made my degree feel so much more worthless than it already did.
n08524	0	Tomorrow is Denim Day, it’s basically a day that encourages people to wear jeans to raise awareness of rape and sexual assault. Some background, in the 1990’s an Italian court overturned a ruling on a case that it was not sexual assault due to the victim wearing tight jeans. Implying that the victim had to have taken the jeans off herself; making it consensual. AS WE ALL KNOW, this is bullshit.   Especially on a college campus we know that sexual assault happens a lot unfortunately. There could be people around you: friends, family members, or coworkers that never have spoken out about it because of fear. Therefore, tomorrow if you can or care to wear jeans on Denim Day to show solidarity and support to victims of sexual assault. You can spread awareness as well on social media to show your support. Unfortunately, it is an issue that is sometimes undermined and all victims should be able to feel strong enough to come forward and tell THEIR stories, if they wish to.
sbwr2o	0	Please help UCR sign this petition to give us a remote option: [https://www.change.org/p/marlan-rosemary-bourns-college-of-engineering-dean-christopher-lynch-mandate-remote-learning-options-for-the-2021-2022-academic-year](https://www.change.org/p/marlan-rosemary-bourns-college-of-engineering-dean-christopher-lynch-mandate-remote-learning-options-for-the-2021-2022-academic-year)
rh8lxf	1	Just failed one of my first college classes in my first quarter ever here at UCR. Johnathan eacott can suck me off.
mjozq8	0	I'm an incoming freshman. How will I, a conservative, fare in a community like berkeley?
brr1ls	0	Hi! I have created this short survey for my cognitive consequences of technology class and I would be very grateful if you took this quick survey to help me out! Thanks in advanced, and if not, have a great day! [https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/LPMH983](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/LPMH983)
ebtly2	1	Where is the A* and A%?
8vwr4s	0	Hey everyone I am an incoming freshman at UCSD who chose UCSD over Berkeley for their outstanding cognitive science programs, pre-med research opportunities, and so much more. I know I made the best choice for me but I wonder how the academics of the two schools compare since I graduated with high honors from high school and feel Berkeley may have offered me a better education. Anyone else make a difficult college decision between UCSD and somewhere else? Are you happy with your choice and feel UCSD offers you the ability to succeed after college and in med school or other challenging majors?? I appreciate everyone’s constant support and making me feel welcomed at UCSD already. :)
uhkab	0	Hey guys,  I need to take 2 more upper division GE's in order to graduate early and was wondering if you guys knew of any really good Upper Division GE courses, preferably on the easier side of the spectrum.  All help would be appreciated.  Also, I am an Econ major so something science wouldn't be too idea.  Thanks!
bxrvxl	0	Hey! I need a math tutor for some last minute Calculus HW. I was wondering if someone could help me out with it. I understand its finals week, so we don't have to even meet in person. I could show you pics of the problem, and we can work them out via Skype or Facetime. I don't think it will take more than an 2 hours.  $10/hr :)  I can Venmo or Cashapp you the money!
s79i9j	0	idrk…i used to love ucsc but the more time i spend stuck at home the more i’m starting to dread going back. food sucks, housing sucks, utilities suck, there’s mold, quality of everything is mid, and it’s so hard to get everywhere. i really don’t wanna dislike the school but the way they handle things makes it hard not to 🤦🏻‍♀️ i’m starting to really regret not going to davis especially since it’s way closer home
giculx	0	doing any work from home feels impossible and my missing assignments have been piling up, but every time i sit down to do something i feel paralyzed. i’m stressed all the time and i have personal problems going on that don’t make it any better. worst part is i can’t afford to fail classes and my scholarships require that i maintain a certain gpa. i should’ve taken this quarter off.
qjcik0	0	Is it just us, or does UCLA actively participate in anglocentrist elitist frat culture?  Went to frat row for the first time. Really confused why there were lines, let alone having bathrooms closed off.  Someone explain something new that i might be missing.  (Btw. The comments are not an excuse to berate your bad opinions on "the poors".
rxsaea	0	You all should have received a recent announcement about remote instructions being extended until 28th of this month ([https://www.ucdavis.edu/news/chancellor-mays-video-message-extending-remote-instruction](https://www.ucdavis.edu/news/chancellor-mays-video-message-extending-remote-instruction)).  **If you were packing your stuff or got excited to go back home, please think again and DON'T.**  The main reason why remote instructions have been extended was to contain the covid situation as much as possible for the next three weeks and give enough time for those tested positive to quarantine.  **Going back home for the next three weeks not only poses a risk of spreading the virus and risking your own family and friends in hometown but also catching it in your hometown and returning to Davis with it. If this happens, the number of positive cases will keep going up, and we might have to close the entire school again (remember 2020?).**  Of course, if you are currently outside of Davis and tested positive, you should follow school and CDC guidelines and isolate/quarantine instead of returning to Davis.  So please, stay in Davis. Let's all work together as Aggies and hope we can go back to in-person learning as fast as we can.
hgpo0b	1	Please stop asking students to talk you into UCSB. You got rejected from UCB or UCLA and now you’re here. You’re in the same situation as a large portion of the current students. Don’t come in here complaining to current UCSB students saying their school isn’t good enough. There are ways to ask about campus life without sounding arrogant. Don’t pretend you’re better than the other students. If you don’t want to go here go to a CC, then transfer to your dream school that didn’t want you.
f9o6om	1	I was talking to a classmate outside today, and a bird was walking near us. I told him to be careful because they're programmed to strike if you get too close, and he looked at me with a confused expression. "Programmed?" he asked me. I said, "of course," every person with half a brain knows that birds aren't real, and they're really just spy drones created by the government. He said "you must be joking" and I then quickly ended the conversation because I couldn't believe someone could be that ignorant, especially here at Cal. How could anyone actually believe birds are real with the overwhelming evidence that the last birds were genocided 20 years ago and are now all robotic replacements!? How can such a person even function in the real world if they can't open their eyes to reality?
nsh5g5	0	Hi I was wondering if anyone had pdfs of the solutions for previous finals for CS150 with Tao Jiang? I really want to practice more and see what real exam questions look like.
svnjdl	0	Not anti mask just curious
rxun9v	1	Now that we are online, it’s important that we go online forever. We should actually stay online because going outside may trigger our anxiety. We need to be comfortable as possible so we live meaningful lives. A life of suffering is bad and makes life meaningless.   It’s easy, just sing “indoorsss… indoorrrsss… inDOORS!” By spongebob.   We have all the friends we need: Chip, penny, and used napkin!!!
sntui7	0	Had two girls approach me about some "bible study" and "fun activities like volleyball." I was just trying to chill in the park and one approached me asking my name and about myself but never even told me their own name. I told her I'm not interested in whatever she's saying and she went away after a few mins but when I looked behind me, she was looking at me and it felt uncomfortable. I stayed for five more minutes and she was still there 💀💀 so then I got paranoid and left. Later on I got approached again by a different girl saying the same thing. When I looked around, the girl from earlier was talking to another girl. One had curly hair, black mask, jeans, and a Coach hand bag on her shoulder. The other one was wearing jeans, a tshirt that said "DON'T QUIT" with "DO IT" bolded, and a backpack. Both of them seemed off in the way they were speaking....culty vibez
mliiuf	0	Please I’m just trying to learn about antibodies, I don’t want to hear this shit. Mute your fucking mic or pay attention.
q1g231	0	I am a former student that’s trying to request a letter of rec from her. I’ve tried emailing her twice but haven’t heard back. I know she generally get inundated with emails when she teaches 7B but I really need to get in touch with her. I’m hoping someone can tell me when her office hours are and potentially PM the link so that I can attend and inquire face to face. Thanks so much.
gk2g89	0	has anyone heard about any possible rent reductions happening in IV for leases for next year if things stay online? i highly doubt it but my brother at sdsu is getting his rent lowered since demand for housing is lower cause of online instruction, and i’m wondering if iv leasers would ever give us that gift
nro7ti	0	Hi 👋 this is Justin 💦👅😩from UC San Diego 🍆😤Class of 2021 💉😈. Commencement 🌀😏 is just a little over a week away 🍑👀! Will you check out 🍆👀👀 a Senior👵🏻👵🏾🗝 Class Gift 🎁💰😩video I made? I can send it.
r60mkd	0	This incident just happened around 1:30-2:00pm in the second floor of UV Towers parking structure. My roommate was held gunpoint asking for all of his stuff and ran off with his car. REMIND YOU, SECOND FLOOR IN BROAD DAYLIGHT. He reported 3 males with skee masks. Cops were able to catch one suspect driving the car, but the other two drove off separately still being searched by cops at the moment. His car was TOTALED from the car chase. UVT’s security is fucking ridiculous and completely absent. One of the office workers seemed unfazed when my roommate told them about the incident. They haven’t even sent out an email to all residents regarding the incident. They’ll be expecting a fucking lawsuit.   STAY SAFE EVERYONE.
ewvvsk	0	I want to wish everyone the best of luck in whatever it is you are doing. If you struggling, it is okay I am too. Don't give up just yet and keep on striving. Either you are done with midterms or going into them, remember to just stay calm and breathe! Let's get through this quarter over!
q270qm	0	I've seen clubs pertaining to other POC groups, but haven't seemed to locate any organizations or clubs centered around South Asians. Just wanted to know if there is one.
a5q7er	1	I'm so tired of these people. You think you have it so hard because you sit around playing with numbers all day. North campus majors are out here writing and designing works of pure art that will last for generations, while you guys complain about having to be tested on stuff a kid could do.   Math majors? I mastered my times tables in the fifth grade.   Computer science majors? I spend all day on the internet, and that's just for FUN. I can't imagine actually trying to get a degree out of this kind of thing. What losers.  Physics majors? Just math for people who need to look at pictures too.  Chem majors? Chem is the kind of thing drug dealers do, and they don't even need a degree for it.   If your major is just working with numbers all day, you're only going to end up graduating and finding out some kid in Asia can already do that way better than you. Unhireable.   To all the south campus majors complaining about finals: just SHUT IT. You wouldn't last a day in a major that actually forces you to think critically and google things. You're all frauds who don't know how to read/write, so for the love of god stop complaining about your easy classes coding fortnite dances or whatever the hell you do.  This post was brought to you by North Campus Gang.
bhwyxc	1	Bruh no guests in the village? Cmon I understand no ucsd students but students that aren't in the village? This is some nazi shit , what are we quarantined rats?  fuck ucsd for this. Now I understand why ucsd is known for "cutting the fun out". Let us have freedom.
qxbn94	1	I STG, do not save them to feed the donkeys. Eat those damn apples right away or don’t even bother getting them. Those apples and bananas are one of the reasons I still go to Glasgow. I need fruits please.
s3gkya	0	Does anyone know when the spring 2022 schedule of classes will be released????
biu3uy	0	Does anyone know how hard  Vespa's Econ 100b midterms are?  Is it just like the practice problems he has up?
rwx0zh	0	I don't get it why does no one like to go to class in person? I personally like it more than online
anoxa7	0	Anyone need juul or stiiizy pods lmao
qprbcu	0	What class should I take if I want vocal lessons at UCR?
2tbzul	0	No updates for more than a week.
6fb3ss	0	[Image here](http://i.imgur.com/X5ZuW2u.jpg)  Why do we allow events like "Learn to ride a bike, Queers ONLY!" when the same would be smashed to pieces if it was "Heterosexuals ONLY!"?   Like what does sexual orientation even have to *do* with bikes? My girlfriend has been wanting to learn for years, so she can't go because I'm a man? This seems like segregation for segregation's sake, and is infuriating to me. I personally feel these posters have no place on campus. Why can't we all just get along?   Thoughts?
hzvlw5	0	I'm on day 5 of covid despite A+ quatantining for the past 5 months because my roommate wouldn't stop having her boyfriend over and they weren't responsible when going in public after restrictions were lessened. Although my symptoms are mild and I am doing well, now my hope of going to visit my parents after summer session for the first time in 6 months is waning.  Please wear your damn masks and socially distance. You don't realize you're not invincible until you or someone you love is affected.
gw1cz7	0	I understand the irony of me saying this and there are allot of great qualities in the student pop here that you won’t find anywhere else, but I’m tired of hearing people complain about how UCSC sucks and the university doesn’t care about them like it’s some giant evil corporation. I’m not saying that UCSC is perfect by any means but it seems like its positive aspects are never acknowledged. UCSC is a great school. It gives a ton of financial aid and it’s ranked #2 in the country for social mobility. As someone who comes from a lower income family, I feel lucky to be here. If you hate UCSC so much, find another university that you won’t complain about all the time.
gc13v0	0	I noticed that I am yet to receive my financial aid package for the 2020-2021 award year, so I emailed the financial aid office only for them to tell me they do not have a FAFSA on file with me. I contacted FAFSA support and they confirmed that my application was successfully processed and made available to my school since last month. This is highly unusual since UC riverside is clearly listed as a school set to receive my FAFSA disbursement in my student aid report. Can anyone please help me???
81gf8r	1	I want to knnow my chances at dateing this girl I see a lot and I dont understand how all the chads seem to be having girlfriends? I'm SUCH a better guy then them!!1! She's in my MMW class, should I Just walk up to her and talk about a petition I'm supporting to lower the number of quarters required for MMW? Idk tbh, talking to the girl and asking her on a date doesn't just doesn't seem like the best option, I'd rather stare at her till she talks to me. i know A LOT of people here can help me out and get me the tinder date of my Dreams. plz help, am lonely and sad
rw0r56	0	Over the course of the school year, we’ve recorded 441 positive cases (at the time I wrote this post), and 112 cases were recorded in a single day, yesterday. We’ve started this week with an 11% positivity rate. For reference, in the entirety of the Fall quarter, I’m pretty sure the positivity rate only reached 1% at the end of the quarter when Omicron began spreading. Right now we only have a fraction of the student population that’s returned but it’s a wildfire already. At this point catching COVID feels almost inevitable.  Source: www.UCSB.edu/COVID-19-information/dashboard
9ibup2	1	I just wonder if sex happens usually on campus housing. If yes, I’ll move into campus housing next year.
oyqhyy	0	The Neuroimaging of Trauma (NeT) study uses neuroimaging to understand more about how exposure to traumatic experiences in early adulthood affects the brain. Participants will participate remotely as well as come in-person to the San Francisco VA for several research tests, including a psychological interview and an MRI of the brain. Compensation for completing the study is up to $175.  You can visit our website at https://stressandhealthresearch.ucsf.edu/net  If you are interested in participating, you can fill out our interest form using the link below or contact us at (415) 988-3005. https://ucsf.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_4YlJ6Mc34nXDfPT
g6pfkq	0	[https://www.thefire.org/proctoru-threatens-uc-santa-barbara-faculty-over-criticism-during-coronavirus-crisis/](https://www.thefire.org/proctoru-threatens-uc-santa-barbara-faculty-over-criticism-during-coronavirus-crisis/)  The criticism in question: [https://cucfa.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/ProctorU\_2020-1.pdf](https://cucfa.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/ProctorU_2020-1.pdf)  Analysis of ProctorU's lawyers' letter: [https://pubcit.typepad.com/clpblog/2020/03/can-proctoru-be-trusted-with-students-personal-data.html](https://pubcit.typepad.com/clpblog/2020/03/can-proctoru-be-trusted-with-students-personal-data.html)  ProctorU's privacy disclosure: [https://www.proctoru.com/ca-privacy-policy](https://www.proctoru.com/ca-privacy-policy)
qcc1ep	0	For me it’s the unitrans splash screens. I drive to campus so I’ve personally never used one of the buses but I love seeing the cute little messages on their displays when I walk by them. When I saw the “choo choo I’m a train” message last week for the first time since before covid I was so happy I nearly cried. What tiny things on campus are special to you?
1rlbbz	0	Does anyone have a den pass and won't be able to make this Saturdays game vs USC and would like to sell me their den pass voucher/ticket?   Please PM me  thank you!
g1dq02	0	PLEASE COMPLAIN HERE!(USC's dinning hall comment card)  https://ucschelp.freshdesk.com/support/tickets/new  I spoke to someone in the dining hall who said if they get enough complaints that it will change eventually.  Also complain in person to someone sitting behind those clinicals (not to a server or cook-that won't help)  As someone who isn't able to move back home and must remain on campus and continue to pay outrages prices for meal plans, this is a huge problem.
cxb4a3	0	Anybody know how I can view the documents without the subscription? I tried doing the document unlocks but it’s taking forever to go through and my test is tomorrow. Any help is appreciated, thanks !
8kwno9	0	How much of a difference is there transferring to UCD over Sac State? Both schools are in the area I'd like to work in and are very close.
9qy0a0	0	if so dm me
lf3v1j	0	Researchers at the University of Wyoming are seeking college student participants from around the country for an online study regarding sleep, substance use, and cognitive and academic performance. See [flyer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xuRCMALGWFWGsoR8qdx5vBJdXWF6PpsS/view?usp=sharing) for eligibility criteria, IRB approval, and more info. Questions may be directed to the email address listed on the [flyer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xuRCMALGWFWGsoR8qdx5vBJdXWF6PpsS/view?usp=sharing). To find out if you are eligible to participate, please complete the [prescreening survey on Qualtrics!](https://uwyopsych.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_77gL6tdsc1krSQZ)
ct82vp	0	Not really down with pro-Israel Jews (Hillel) or Greek life but I do wanna get involved in some type of Jewish life on campus. Are there any left-wing Jewish groups on campus?
lqw024	0	I feel like the university isn't giving us enough tangible information to make us comfortable with "more in-person fall instruction and operations." I understand that everything is up in the air right now, but I wish they'd just release some sort of indication as to what their housing, vaccine distribution, and instruction plans will be. It honestly feels like they're just trying to get as many incoming freshman to SIR as possible.
1mnvf5	0	Hows the class? How hard is it to get an A? What do you need to do to get an A?  Also, the book is not required but I have it on PDF. Will it benefit me to use it or not?
930agi	0	Rising senior with a 3.4 on the 4.0 (i've taken honor and ap classes exclusively for the past 4 years) 25 act that I'm looking to improve on the summer. 8 year martial arts commitment, 4 year varsity soccer 2 year Capitan, club captain 2 years (played 2 years), fbla 1 year, on-going volunteer work at a special needs camp, jobs at day camps for kids, and maybe a few more I'm forgetting. Ucsb is my dream school, but be brutally honest
kfdgut	1	Professor: We are monitoring chegg, do not post the exam or anything about it on chegg  Student: *posts exam on chegg*  Like come on, they LITERALLY said they were watching. Was there no other option other than chegg? Now the whole class has to get passive aggressive emails about cheating.
rxqdi1	0	Anyone else enjoys watching The walking dead?
sbgnnv	0	I'm a 4th year student and I honestly think the UCSC student population has a real substance abuse problem. I remember coming to college sure that I wouldn't touch drugs, then in freshman year I noticed nearly everyone I knew was using and that sobriety was not the norm. It feels almost inescapable in most social gatherings here. There's also the risk factors of intense stress and easy access...  Edit: I would define substance abuse as "excessive use of a drug without medical justification." I would include binge-drinking, binge-smoking, daily/weekly drug use, overindulgence and dependency, etc. You don't have to be an addict to abuse drugs and alcohol.  [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/sbgnnv)
q10ajh	0	I really wanted to go to UoW but out of state tuition was too much. Is it possible to like study there just for a year? Is there a program for that?
bthxgr	0	I am a incoming freshman that got admitted to the computer engineering major. After further research, I found that computer science fits me better. Will I be able to switch to the computer science major?
1vcopp	0	So we have potential employers and employees in a labor market. If employers had a sort of tax put onto them (they have to PAY an extra $5 to receive applications, for whatever dumb reason), they will obviously employ less people. Can someone please explain how the supply/demand curve will look like and how wages will be affected?  THANKS so much and excuse my stupidness
q7101u	0	I don't know anyone in my major and want to study w ppl!
bwwkep	1	Just sleep all day! Not only is it a symptom of your already crippling depression, but you also won’t eat the food you’re desperately trying to make last 2 weeks. As long as you’re conscious a few hours a day for class, your life won’t totally fall apart! Nothing has Ever Been Easier! ™️
seisq5	1	First day of in person classes im gonna crab walk all over campus biting everyone’s ankles a new era has arrived. i ❤️in person instruction can’t wait to see you all
p57wyz	0	Wouldn’t it be better to take it out as a subsidized loan? Or even just get a regular part time job?
by4ede	0	I was accepted to UCSD and I know it says on the website that  * Your senior year weighted grade point average (GPA) in all UC-approved "a-g" college preparatory courses must be at least **3.00**. * You must receive a "C" or better in all UC-approved "a-g" college preparatory courses taken in your senior year.  but my friend says that C's are a red flag for colleges and I might get rescinded (even though its not definite.) Is it possible that I'll be rescinded if I get 1 or 2 C's, provided that my gpa in a-g courses isat least a 3.0?
66uukj	0	Title says it all
n21q9h	0	I was walking my dog near campus and a man in his car made a comment about my dog while we crossed the street. After that I walked to the beach and this same man was there. He came up from behind me and told me he was the guy from the car. He started up a conversation with me and said he was a PhD student. He asked me if I had a boyfriend and I told him no, he then told me he was doing research on relationships and asked if he could ask me some questions. The questions felt very off. He asked me if I’d ever date an older person (I’m an undergraduate) and asked me about specific f*tishes. I was very uncomfortable and just kept saying no to everything. He asked me if I only kiss during ***, and then asked if I’d want to kiss him. He finally said that I have a nice day and walked in the other direction.   He was a white man who was probably 28-30, I was very uncomfortable so I don’t remember very much about his appearance.    Has anything similar happen to anyone else on campus or Iv?
c1tq92	0	Legit this has been affecting me like you have no idea. The conversation just goes south whenever (even at interviews) someone asks me about my university. I just start joking about it in a negative way, talking bad about it or the vibes (even if i dont say anything) just becomes painfully negative. The person talking to me just goes full "i really wish i wasn't here right now" squidward lol  &#x200B;  I really wish I didn't do this, and IDK what to do
r6pimo	0	Hi! I was just wondering what the Korean program at UCLA ranks compared to other universities. I am about halfway into completing my AA in Korean and I want to start looking at my options in advance. Thank you!
9fet99	0	Hi, I am a rising senior who is debating for ucsc to be on my college list. I really like the area and have heard good things about the Computer science program. But one thing I am bothered about is that I have heard that the political climate is extremely hostile here. I am pretty neutral when it comes to political affiliation and I encourage people to voice their opinions but extremists are really annoying to me. Any thoughts?
gy75he	0	The campus Bookstore exists to make profit for the institution, NOT to serve the students. In their own words, they are "no longer in the business of selling books," but rather of renting electronic textbook access to students. They see textbook publishers as their customers and students as a captive market.  If you think Inclusive Access and Equitable Access were/are bad deals for you as a student, you have only the Bookstore to blame. Us faculty did NOT have any say in this. They did get some input from a few students--but nothing compared to what they got from textbook publishers.  What's the solution?  You, the students, should own and run the Bookstore. This is how it works at some other UC campuses, and it's even how it worked at UC Davis long ago.  Administration won't let go of this cash cow without a fight.  Bring the fight to them.  If you're upset about the Bookstore's predatory tactics, contact your ASUCD representatives. Ask them to demand that the University sell the Bookstore back to ASUCD. When the University refuses to sell, go to the media.  Change is possible, but only if you fight for it!
mgriim	0	I enjoy watching the UCLA Bruins play basketball. They are my favorite NCAA team.  When they score a basket, I think to myself "yes".  When the other team scores a basket, I think to myself "no".
qbuojt	0	 I returned my pc for repair a month ago and they said they replace the motherboard and graphics card and asked for my login info (since it’s probably fixed). Today i received my pc back after a month and same problem (it’s like they didn’t fix it at all) because my USB ports and HDMI ports don’t work. When i plug in my mouse to any of the USB ports it flashes for a second and then it doesn’t work. When i plug in the HDMI cable to my monitor there is no signal. Does anyone know a fix??
3fdl9b	1	Just moved to Davis and i havent took anyones money in awhile
dj2fmp	0	I responded with, “idk man, i walk to my classes, i guess you can say... im out of the loop”   We locked eyes for a good 30 seconds and idk if the guy was puzzled or impressed. He just responded with  “Noice”   and we went about our day
p88cbe	0	I’m probably going to get downvoted for this but it needs to be said. students are being reckless, partying, and gathering in large groups unmasked. So many are acting like we are not still in a pandemic and like the vaccine makes us immune to COVID. Fun fact: it doesn’t. LA county is reporting that 30% of its cases are breakthrough cases in vaccinated people. Cases on campus have been rising as well (if you’re interested in taking a look yourself head over to the dash board on tang). If these trends continue we will be back online in no time.   I understand that college is exciting and people want to have fun, but please keep in mind that your actions will definitely be affecting others. I am so grateful to have the vaccine, but it cant end this pandemic alone. We need to do our part, too. Please be considerate and try to play your part so that we can continue in person classes and don’t have to go back online.
ex037t	0	I'm talking about the group with blankets and dogs and always smoke weed on the sidewalk where most student have to walk around them?  Like I have nothing against people using weed but I mean have some common courtesy to not smoke around lots of people (same thing with cigarettes not everyone wants your 2nd hand smoke) Also, would it fucking kill you to not take up as much as sidewalk as if it belongs to you. This is the reason why people here dislike the homeless.
p8zkmr	1	Whose down to join a ucr alpha male discord. In this discord we be talking about how to level up, not get played by girls, interacting with girls, how to text girls, income, fitness, dating, hookups and many other stuff.  Comment below if your down to join
5h1f3b	0	Title  Cause of uh needs... yeah
nfs8nd	0	i'm taking 12 credits of required shit like ochem and chem lab. Spring quarter has kinda destroyed my mental health and my love for school so something like Film 80s( which I took this quarter-- godsend) would be really nice. Preferably something that doesn't assign ridiculous amounts of homework/reading. please.
dcjszt	0	Picture me: skating in Revelle. Pop a heel flip. UCPD approaches. I fear for my life. Tells me that "trick skating" is against the rules. He be like "next time I see you I will write you a fine". Like for real? Fugly ass...
dw12xt	1	I saw the protest outside the chancellors office today, and when they stormed inside I struck up a convo with one of the union workers outside. She said the chancellor was cutting their benefits and pensions while simultaneously outsourcing their labor to companies that don’t follow California’s labor laws. I said that’s really shitty and told her good luck! I think this is a great form of protesting.   Later I heard complaints that the union was intentionally blocking bike paths and making as much noise around the library as possible (during midterm season). I think this is a shitty way to protest.   I never understand this idea of blanket inconvenience as a form of protesting? Some people are with you, some people are against you, and some people are neutral. The idea of a protest is (in my opinion) to inform people of an issue, gain support from new people, and to prevent the people against you from ignoring you. Obviously a protest doesn’t go without inconveniencing ANYONE, but going out of your way to piss off bystanders doesn’t make sense to me?
m9cpbf	0	My heart has been hurting deeply for all the pain and hate inflicted on the Asian community. Two of the most important women (my fake adoptive Moms) in my life that helped raise me, were of Vietnamese and Korean decent. They were both teeny standing next to me (I’m over 6’ sooo nothing out of the ordinary in my case). And they were both the most inspiring badasses ever. They have since passed, and I think of someone trying to hurt them or their/our family and it just breaks me. I just want you to know, I see you, I love you, and I have your back. That’s all.
btfzeb	0	Second year pre-health student here, most likely premed. I am debating whether to major in psychobiology or just biology. I would like to keep up my grades and am curious which one helps with that? How are the classes? I hear that psych 100b is pretty tough, does biology have any counterparts to this class? Also, I still need to take physics, so will that set me behind in any way?  &#x200B;  Thank you,  Phyl
o53u3d	0	just ask a councelor what classes you need to take and then take them ffs. if you cant manage then just take a light load and plan on staying longer or taking summer classes every summer. every enrollment time this entire sub is just people asking if they can manage to take 2 major classes at once.
fgbuaq	0	Does their cough have a different souding
1zq5ou	1	No seriously. If it's 2 AM and I can hear your obnoxious a cappella group squawking, shut up. It's disgusting that you think it's funny to do this on a school night.   Edit: Here's a screenshot of one of their facebook pictures. It speaks for itself. [Bruin Harmony](http://i.imgur.com/7drHqst.png)
rjmj6x	0	Just a random thought but think about it:  1) Everyone comes in at the same time (the beginning of freshman year) because we want to make money for a better future  2) We have RAs telling us the rules (circle masks) TAs teaching discussion sections (triangle masks) and professors in charge of our grades (square masks)  3) We have meals given out at the dining halls (steak at BPlate)  4) We have a rivalry with USC - comparative to that of Gi-Hun and Deok-Su or Sang-Woo  5) Our classes are like the games, where we have to follow the rules (academic honor code) and are judged on our performance. Some people have harder classes than others (like the dalgona candy shapes)  6) Following from the last point, during our classes (the games), we have some really industrious students who are (a little too) competitive (ie Deok-Su) and we have some slackers. Typically, those who survive are those who worked hard but sometimes, being too competitive makes you worse off (Mi-Nyeo pushing Deok-Su)  Anyways, that’s all I’ve seen.  Byeee
sx086a	0	  If you’re interested in discussing my idea for it please pm me! Especially if you already study CS, but all majors are  accepted! Don’t think there is a club already like this at Davis so we could potentially be starting from nothing but I think it’d be a great way to integrate any major into tech!   I don’t really know what I’m doing when it comes to starting a club or the logistics of it, so any help would be amazing!
8dz56a	0	So is it practical to take cse 11, cse 20, math 20b, and GE during fall 2018 quarter??? Or is it suicide?? I dont know about the difficulty of the CS courses, math shouldn't be hard (I already know the material for integrals)?
d7wa3v	0	Hey there- I’m a graduate student working on a  research project (control theory related). I’m experimenting replacing one of my algorithms (basically an expensive function evaluation) with a neural network. I have a lot of tasks on hand and could really use an assistant who’s savvy with networks and pytorch. This is not a formal research position; I’m really looking for volunteer collaborators. It’s also a bit on the mathy side (I want a network that can solve boundary value problems over small time horizons, making this sort of a model based reinforcement learning task).   Message me if you’re interested in helping out
jmhzmq	0	As more time in quarantine goes by, I think many, including the school, are raising expectations for how well everyone should adapt to online learning. Slowly and subtlely chipped away are days of Covid accommodations, and there are little efforts in trying to understand what fundamentally determines a successful online learner from a miserable online student: home life.  Even just living in a spacious house with a yard, as opposed to an apartment, can make a huge difference: actual, readily accessible outdoor space with a yard vs. tight indoor confinement. Or, a supportive family that you get along with vs. living with people you can hardly tolerate. The point is, it's not so much the tedious zoom sessions or the reduced engagement, but *the* *quality of home life in quarantine* that predominately determines your online school experience, which makes online learning *always* wildly inconsistent from one student to another, because home environments will not change much no matter how long this goes.   Sadly, this level of fundamental inconsistency is hardly addressed, and thus hardly taken into consideration and accommodated for.
21ng68	0	Hello new admits and congratulations on your acceptance to Cal! A few of the ChemE Class of 2016 students would like to invite you all to ask us anything about school life, dorms, classes, and especially but not limited to questions about chemical engineering at UC Berkeley! Feel free to ask away in comments and we'll reply as soon as possible :) Congrats again and Go Bears!
lkkwyg	0	Who else has no intention of getting vaccinated?   As long as the vaccines are under Emergency Use Authorization they can't compel anyone to. But as soon as they are fully licensed mandates are fair game. Although I'm not sure when that will be.
1icwkt	0	Does anyone know the theme associated with House 3, or any opinion on the upper quad in general? Sorry for the influx of these posts from annoying incoming freshmen, like myself.
sk3iaq	0	Sorry for my behavior, but you were so gorgeous. Your beauty, like a sharp blade, pierced deeply into my heart. I could never forget you again. The moment I meet you, my heart belongs to you forever. I now know what is so-called "fell in love." Your beauty and my love, are beyond my pale words. How I wish I can see you again. I write a poem in Chinese for you, but I don't know how to present it to you. I hope there is a slight chance that you could see it on Reddit.   像是白鸽飞舞空中地  走在寂静的沙滩上  晚风中摇曳着  是我对你无言的思念  &#x200B;  你的美丽  和夕阳一样铺洒在前方的路上  海风轻轻吹拂你的倩影  浪花卷起我的心潮  &#x200B;  不知从何处去寻觅  那份奢求的爱  不知何处去寄托  心中火一般地情
jj8e74	0	Made a new anonymous account for this one. Do any of my fellow Sociology 152A students this  quarter find this course to be terrible like I do?  What is up with the biology-heavy course material? What is up with  the overly technical, nit-picky Midterm? How is any of this sociology at all?  Also, is anyone else super uncomfortable with the fact that the  people grading our exams are undergraduates who may or may not be  younger/less advanced students than us?  P.S. anyone else find the Baldwins horribly out-of-touch and painful to listen to?
1s4ipw	0	I am in the high school graduating class of 2017 and I desperately want to get into UCLA for my undergraduate education.   So far, the semester is coming to an end, and I will probably get 2 B's in honor classes out of seven classes total. This semester I really didn't know what I was expecting and high school really hit me hard.   I recognized that my grades were falling way too late, and they will reflect in my first semester report card. Putting that aside, do you guys have any tips for me and the next four years of high school?   Also, will the 2 B's have a big impact when they're considering accepting me? I feel like I'm overthinking, but there is nothing more than I want but to get into UCLA. If you have any advice or anything that could help me, please tell me.   Thank you so much and go Bruins! I hope to attend your college in four years. :)
jrefmi	0	Are we all required to come back in person? Or will students have the option to take classes from home?
919dcq	0	Hi guys I'm not an UCR student but I'm looking to buy real estate about below $250k around the UCR area. Ideally minimum 2 bedroom 1.25+ bath. I want to live in one room and rent out the other.  My ideal goal is to rent to professors or staff instead of students. NOTHING against the students of course. It's just that students come and go and my margin is so thin I can't afford turnover so often. I want long term tenants (so I guess grad students are good too).  Can you give any advice on where to buy? For example:  * What neighborhoods do staff live in? * What are the major public transportation routes I should look at (to buy houses/apts around those routes)? * Are staff guaranteed parking or are they fighting for parking like students? * Is there currently a housing shortage for staff, like there is for students? * What is the likelihood that UCR will build new housing for staff soon? Parking?  Finally, do you think UCR is a growing university and good place to invest in real estate?   * Pro: Your campus is beautiful, new, and aggressively recruiting students and upgrading faculty. * Con: I'm worried with so much open space around UCR, people can easily build new condos and drive down value of old condo I buy.  Any tips will be greatly appreciated!
83q0al	0	CS PROGRAMS ARE DUE BUT INTERNET IS DOWN AT WEST VILLAGE REEEEE
f1g8to	1	this is tha powice!!! 🚓🚓🚓 put yowo hands where i can see tem!!!!🖐😰🖑 yowo MUST!!!!! send me THWEE GWAND💲💲💲💸💸💸 by PWECISEWY thwee owo cwock!!!!!!!🕒🕒🕒😰😰😰😖 OR NOWO POWOR!!!!!! ⚡⚡☇🔋🔋🔌EVEW!!!! AGAN!!!!!!!! ☠☠☠fowawd 👉👉👉this towo THWEE peopowol🙎🙎🙎 owo YOWO will be visited by the ÒWÓ machine!!!!!!    🔫òwó!!!!!!
pbq0qj	0	With the housing crisis, the lack of competency from the university, the pandemic, the struggle to afford California, and the insane past two years all of us have endured I’m encouraging everyone to practice extra empathy and kindness this fall. We never know what anyone is going through and we all have the power to make someone’s life a little better. Let’s look out for each other this fall, Gauchos. Even though I’m sure you were already planning on it since you are all great people <3
2am0zg	0	Hello, my name is Maxwell Kappes and I am the Vice-President of the beloved student government of our illustrious campus.  If you have any questions about ASUCD, what is happening on campus, or squids, feel free to ask away.
c6bhd4	0	I am in desperate need of a spot in this course this summer—right now! Lol So, if you’re in the Thursday section and intend on dropping it in the next week or so can you please message me and let me know before doing so? I’ve never needed to take a course so badly in my life so if you’ll be dropping it please let me know first before doing so, and let’s contact the Professor.  Just hit up here in the Reddit dm :)   Thanks so much!
8ypcto	0	So im out of state and my EFC is $0.00, but UCLA/FAFSA is still only covering 25k of the 62k it takes to go there. They are offering loans, but do you think if I tried talking to UCLA the school could maybe cover more of the cost? or do they never increase grants?
maze3c	0	Yo. WTF was Komor's final. It brought down my grade from 94 to 85. THAT'S 9%. It's insane how I really put in the work throughout the entire quarter, just to have my final grade go from an A to now a B+. INSANE. When I saw my grade I was really disappointed in myself because I expect more from myself. But, looking at all the other chem group chats I'm in + my suite mates, it's so clear that it wasn't just me who was so massively messed up by that final. So many other people's grades went down by 6, 7, 8, and even 10%. TEN FUCKING PERCENT. And these are all people that I know really studied their assess off for this final. I really am just so tired and I really wish there was something more I could do to save my grade after this :/
sp7odt	0	I made a dummy mistake and woke up at 5:30am to head to the gym, only to realize I have a yellow badge bc I couldnt get the booster 😔 does anyone know if the gym will still let me in?  Edit: ive already made an appointment on the 22nd of Feb, but I was unable to attend the earlier clinic! I was just curious to see if certain outdoor areas were open to yellows while indoors were off limits
aucfdw	0	Is this too much of a courseload? I'm a freshman, and the "hardest" quarter so far has been MATH 19B, CMPE 16, PHYS 5A, and a GE this quarter. This quarter hasn't been hard, and I have quite a bit of programming experience in Java, C++, and Python. Will I be ok? Any advice for PHYS 5B? Thanks!
bdwgk2	0	I am not sure if its redditers themselves or UCI redditer specficially, but I feel like ya’ll are very critical of others opinions, especially if it is a dissenting opinion. Instead of educating others, ya’ll seem to assert an elitist position over those who might not be as well versed in a subject as you are. Disclaimer  I am not saying all of ya’ll are like this, just a large majority. I do see a lot of STEM related posts on here so maybe it has to do with that?
skrfel	1	Ya I’m talking to you EECS/CS boys and girls. Some of you guys smell absolutely foul. And I know you have time to shower bc I’m also CS and I shower regularly. If you smell like shit in class I better not see you watching anime on your laptop. I better see you paying close attention or grinding HW. And then after class I better see you sprinting to your next class or to the library to keep working. Preferably while simultaneously working in your project. Id consider myself to be an average to slightly above average CS student. But I’m taking 3 UDs which I know is somewhat on the tougher end of class schedules. And MFers I still shower every day. No one is impressed by the fact that you smell like literal dogshit. Please for the love of all you hold dear, clean yourself you animals.
y0mq3	0	Hey all, my bike was stolen from FSH stoke 1 last night, took the whole frame/rear set, left the front wheel.  Here are the details:  * Aluminum Visp 58cm frame/fork (painted tan, it is a little scraped up) * Velocity 700C Deep V WOODGRAIN rims (very distinct), white spokes, gold nipples, and white origin 8 sealed hub. These were probably the only things actually worth something on the bike, and they left the locked up one behind. * Flip flop white hub in the rear, freewheel included. The bike if kept together will have 2 different wheels or new wheels altogether. * White Session Brand 700C tires * Pace 3pc cranks (black) w/ metal and leather black pedal/straps/traps * Forte (black) neck with Carbon spacers * Black shortened bars (not super short) with locking grips. * Cork wrap MASI grips are on there right now. (again, very distinct)  Thanks for keeping an eye out, I have about 50 RSS feeds being monitored for Craigslist and eBay right now for bay area and LA areas (including SB). This thing won't hit the internet without me knowing. Now I just need local eyes!
mj2rfx	1	Like they are on a UCI subreddit, we have only gone to UCI, how are we supposed to judge another university we have never attended?? Almost all of these posts are from users who came from A2C which is literally a toxic subreddit full of prepubescent kids that stat check each other more than an rpg game. If UCSD's subreddit doesn't allow these posts we shouldn't either tbh. (I want to clarify that I am fine with posts that just ask about how a program is at UCI, but comparing universities is cringe.)
88g00u	0	With these threats happening more and more, I'm increasingly of the mind that if you have a carry permit, you should be able to carry on campus. The sheer incompetence of the cops in the last shooting doesn't help the situation.
psukpd	0	Did every bathroom in the dorms turn gender neutral now?  Don't like this!
1qy2r1	0	Hello everyone, I'm a prospective community college transfer student. I have UCI on my tentative list of transfer universities. Turns out UCI has a department of Information and Computer Sciences. There are two minors that may be apropos to my background: Information and Computer Sciences; and Digital Information Systems. These are taught out of the School of Business.  Anyone here in the School of Business? What has been your experience like?
fg9nu9	0	All these other California schools aren't having normal classes. Let's all just make it happen. Upvote if you'll participate and tell friends.
cg9ify	0	In a conversation I had with a friend of mine we were talking about the number of international students in U.S schools. He made a hook on that subject and told me his father works in the Justice dept. screening many of them, apparently the government's greatest concern lies in students coming from China (!!!)  He told me many are a huge risk of industrial/research espionage as they are briefed by their government on their way out and when they come back. He told me many of whom are asked to conduct espionage or are hired as spies.  That's just crazy! That never really crossed my mind while I was here.
e5692b	1	I really fuck with the energy of you looking down at it and simply saying "solid" as it spills before picking it up and walking away. I hope to reflect that vibe going into dead week.
snvse8	0	Some of the options for Spring are   Phil 111: Film, and Reflective Popular Culture   Phil 129: History of Philosophy of India  Phil 133: Metaphysics with John Martin Fischer  Phil 140: Composition and Collectivity   Phil 152: 20th-century continental philosophy   Phil 163: Political Philosophy
cckqn9	0	Okay, so I’ll try to keep this short.   Right now I’m abroad and I spoke to the international admissions office and they told me I’ll receive units for the work I’m doing here.  However, I have a friend who goes to UCSD but her admissions office told her that she won’t receive credit.  She came to me asking if I could help her argue against the office’s decision to not her give credit.  What should I do?  (And yes, we are both in the same program doing the same work)
ioqb9j	1	Simp means Sucker Idolizing Mediocre Pussy. A man is only a simp if the girl he is after has a mediocre pussy, but Gene’s pussy is a goddess pussy, at worst. I will continue to donate 50% of my paycheck to Daddy Gene because I know that it’s not simping. Gene if you see this I love you please text me back
6cdq9t	0	Hey everyone,   I'm a first year and I was just wondering where the best places were to smoke, such as after midterms or as a stress break. If anyone would like to share former spots, that would be cool. Thanks!
da220x	1	“Morning classes are neat,” said me, while I filling out  every single weekday with 8:00am classes.     I’m a whole circus rn🎪
9v5da6	0	Does anyone know if the labs for EEMB2/MCDB and chem109 are available during the summer? i was thinking of just taking them all during the summer to make things eaiser, is that a good idea??
fv5koj	0	Today I did absolutely nothing productive or constructive, and my head hurts. I feel like I totally crashed and burned after this week. It makes no sense. I’m just at home; I don’t have to go anywhere for class and there are no events happening for me to make it to. I should have more steam, not less. I didn’t even have this type of problem in Fall Quarter when everything was new to me, and this is week *one*. What am I going to look like next month? Currently staring at the corner of my desk contemplating banging my head on it. Ready for a slew of comments on how I’m just being a baby and should get over it to come in.
8598le	1	Hello,  I'm sorry that you have to spend almost 20 hours a week grading our work since you do deserve to spend that time focusing on your work instead. Coincidently, that's the same amount of time that I spend on the labs and for studying for the midterm.  I'm sorry that I was not one of those 3 students who attend lab as I am currently aiding my brother as he is facing depression. I knew from the start that I was one of those kids that didn't have interest in the class because I spend 20+ hours working on each lab assignment and work on the hw. We're sorry that you had to go through a harder version of this class halfway around the world, you must've had a hard time as well. But hey, none of us are as motivated as you are in helping the ICS 51 students succeed, right? I mean, you took the time to write a response for someone who was trying to criticize the class while you should have been helping countless people who ask questions regarding how to do certain things such as how to use subregisters and knowing how to implement a loop. But hey, we all get it that we are not as smart as you are seeing that you taught ICS 51 for 3 years and also survived that hard course. We understand.  Thank you for all of your help.
sibp3f	0	Im a hs school student considering UCLA, but idk if my stats are good enough. I have a 3.85 uw and 4.5 weighted. Everyone I know tells me admissions is super competitive.
dzg2dw	0	Hey guys I'm a high school senior and I really want to go to UCSC for computer science. What do you guys think of my chances?   UC weighted GPA: 4.115   UC capped GPA: 3.808   SAT: 1370    SAT subject test math 2: 680 (37th percentile lmao)   best AP scores: 4 in AP calculus AB, 4 in AP bio, 5 in APUSH   Extracurriculars: Programming, CyberPatriot semifinalist, school newspaper editor, boxing, school debate team   Background: Chinese immigrant, middle class (as in i qualify for the Middle Class Scholarship). In-state applicant   Thank you!
e6up5m	0	Just wanna say I need an apology :( too much is happening in my life and I dont deserve your anger. Pls apologize and move on.  Edit: While this is tagged for humor, the need for an apology is sincere
k0iv93	0	What the heck is going on with the cal grant. My cal grant hasn’t processed into my Zot account yet but my other financial aid has? I’m confused.
6jh742	0	Most of our professors have left quite a trail on the net. They were on the net before it was the Internet and before most us were born. How about we see what interesting comments we can find out there from these people when they were young? I am sure they said a lot of stupid shit.
p5ad4l	0	The exam itself will be like 20-30 mins but I would like to get used to your car before taking the test for like 2 hrs. So in total it will be like 3 hrs max.
1mhdjb	0	Here's the deal. I apparently was torrenting a movie... last year. They just sent me the email this evening. What gives? I don't torrent in school. It's my first strike so it is not that bad, there is no harm done. But should I try to fight it or contest it?
1ojq22	0	I have Beal for 118C this quarter and want to find old midterms for practice. Does anyone know where I can find them? Or do any of you have his old tests that you want to pass along?
s9l1ww	0	If so, what are the hours?
axj2cc	0	and drop it in lecture, do you even deserve to own it?
rm3hnu	0	He is currently on the board of directors for a company called Leidos, which provides technologies that helps ICE monitor the US-Mexico border to prevent undocumented immigrants from coming in. Essentialy, Gary May profits off of ICE's malpractices at the southwestern border. Leidos also deals weapons like unmanned drones to the US military which has major implications in the Middle East.   May makes large amounts of money from some of the least moral industries in the country while also soaking up University funds to essentially do nothing. I do not like him one bit to say the least
lgol56	0	I never met him, but hearing that someone from the community died is so painful. He was nearing the end of Zoom University, soon to come back to campus to experience life as a Triton (I don’t think he was a senior). Now, he won’t have that opportunity.  He will again never see any of his friends or have the opportunity to make new ones. He will never again get to watch a soccer game, go to a party, play any drinking games, have a crush on someone, or go on a beach date. I feel a lot of sadness knowing all this.  If one of my friends had died, I would cry for days, about all the great times we’ve had together and cannot have anymore. The great thing is that I’m alive. My friends are alive. You are alive. And your friends are alive. Make as many memories as you can, because you never know when you’ll reach your last days. Life is too short to put the great things on hold. If something is on your bucket list, get on it.
33o9ls	0	Hey Bruins, I'm applying to colleges as a transfer from cc this coming fall and I'm looking for some people with experience. I've never written a personal statement before and thought it might be helpful to read some from people who've been admitted to the school I want to go to! If you are comfortable with it, would anyone pm me their essay?  Also: if you have any tips for a transfer newbie feel free to hit me with them. Thanks!
dy7kfb	1	to the black bmw, hmu if you ever want to drag race for wagers
hi9fnm	1	I don’t know why this recently became a problem for me, but I can’t seem to log in with my UCSD credentials on chrome (for Canvas, tritonlink, etc.). It works fine for Explorer or Firefox, but on Chrome instead of taking me to the duo verification page, it just keeps loading and nothing happens.   Since I’m super savvy with tech, does anyone know how I can fix this?
q2axh	0	My current roommates have gone off the deep end this year, so we're parting ways after spring quarter. I will still be living in UCLA's housing, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be living in the school-owned apartments, or in the dorms. Either way, I have to do that whole room selection thing, so I'm not looking for someone to sign a lease with me or anything.  I figured I'd try to find a roommate here, because I at least know that people on here have (some) interests similar to mine.  Some stuff about me: I'm female, so I need the roommate(s) to be female as well  I'm a bit on the messy/disorganized side, but I do make it a point to clean up all my stuff once a week or so.  I have a boyfriend who comes over somewhat frequently, but he's out of the room by 11-11:30 on school nights.  I'm kind of a geek, and am prone to participate in geeky things.  I'm pretty easygoing about people borrowing my stuff depending on what it is, and how frequently someone wants to use it.  If you're interested, please let me know soon; my room sign-up date is on March 6th.
qo8t9s	0	😅 Okay not that urgent but I’ve been itching to get behind a kit for the past few weeks and it keeps growing. I’ve been playing for about 10 years (on and off) and am pretty good at improvising on the spot. I can play in the pocket, shed, and groove. Any other musicians of any genre feel free to dm me! I also write my own music and would love to collab sometime!
db14x9	0	Hello Everyone!  I’m a prospective student from the Bay Area. Can you please give me an idea on how rigorous the courses are at UCI? If it has a friendly environment? If you would recommend it to others? And if this is the one you have always wanted to go to, which is the case for me?  Thank you to all the responses in advance.
4gwyp1	0	I grew up thinking UCLA was a school for scientists and academics, but after getting accepted and joining the facebook page, I was completely turned off.   Everyone talks in ebonics and hoodspeak (even asians and white people). Honestly as an African American from the east coast, this is insulting.  People have ridiculous political views calling each other racist over nothing. Any real race-related questions about UCLA's socio climate never get answered. All the current UCLA students are going around trying to "sell" the kids to attend the school instead of letting them make their own decision.  Every 2 hours theres a new post talking shit about Berkeley or USC or Vanderbilt - and I'm in those other admit pages and they never reference UCLA at all. Kids are literally linking Buzzfeed articles to convince other kids to choose UCLA over another school.   I thought college would be a much more intellectual place, but I don't think I'd fit in here. They honestly seem a lot dumber than I expected, and I'm not getting the same feel I am from the campus visits and facebook discussions I've seen from other schools, even Berkeley and USC which are also in California.   Why is UCLA like this?
garypc	0	I was wondering if you (current student or alum) had the chance to go back in time to when you decided which college to attend, would you pick UCI again? Why or why not?  *also I will be a psychology major if anyone has specific comments about that
sw42bo	0	It seems Berkeley will have to enroll 300 fewer nonresidents every year starting from the next cycle. Berkeley typically admits 2000 nonresident freshman and transfer students every year. The thing I am curious is, how bad will this be for international student from California community college applying to Berkeley as an applied math major? Btw transfer acceptance rate for applied math major is around 35%
sayyqp	0	Ughhh you guys think everyone in UCB made an alt and followed the subreddit just to assert their dominance?   They are nearly doubling us. The third largest UC reddit community is UCLA and that's well under 50k . Something's not adding up.
e04rct	0	The Cowell dining hall was randomly closed this morning around 9-9:30. I saw people eating inside so I snuck in anyways but the sliding door to the hot food area was closed and all the staff were in small groups talking with their supervisors. I asked one of them what was going on and one of them said a medical emergency had happened but I wonder if something different happened and the staff are trying to cover it up. Like what if there was a serious food safety concern and the ‘medical emergency’ was a false excuse to hide the truth. Not that I don’t trust the staff or anything but hypothetically speaking the managers could have told all the employees not to say anything about what really happened. Yeah this is kind of a conspiracy theory I know... but I get curious when the dining hall is closed on a weekday morning during peak breakfast hours.
rwbhuu	0	Can we go back to ccle already? Don't fix a problem that doesn't exist
9iq72v	0	Most of the Meetups seem to be in the middle of the quarter when some of us have midterms. So I'm proposing one at the beginning of the quarter. Is anyone up up for a Reddit Rock Meetup this Thursday at noon, or any time that's convenient for most people?
n4emqk	0	So I spoke to drone guy, and tried to kindly explain that if something you're doing is pissing off 99% of people around you, you shouldn't do it.  I tried to kind of nicely explain that to him, and that there is tons of open space to fly a drone in Santa Barbara, but it just isn't appropriate here. He dug his heels in and his girlfriend got all bitchy at me.  As a licensed pilot I also know that he is prohibited from flying above people, or other peoples property, anything beyond visual line of sight (BVLOS), he has to notify SB airport before every flight because he's within 5 miles, and also anything creating a nuisance (thats not an FAA rule but a city rule).  Anyways I just called 911 and I'll let them deal with it. He chose to act like a dick so he gets treated like one.
3wabre	1	If anyone else is studying for this right now, could you direct me to the secret student run google doc with solutions to the practice final. I'm sure it exists. On a side note, I can see why you would want students to work out problems instead of just looking at answers. But what if they're doing it wrong? Then what?   Downvotes? Just fight me irl
sdeyyx	0	- Moffitt is closed (used to be 24 hours)  - RSF is only open until 7pm (used to be till 12am) - Memorial Stadium is closed  - Brown’s, Terrace Cafe, etc. is closed - Late night at Crossroads is gone (one of the only good things Cal Dining ever had) - Foothill dining is closed - Cal Dining in general is inedible…  - Don’t get me started on the dorms…  - I’ll keep filling in this list as I think of more  Where is our tuition money going? Seems to me like Cal is cutting corners when it comes to student health and safety. If students are required to take classes in person again then the school should be required to provide us some BASIC amenities.
o0u77o	0	My gf and I are thinking of living in Woodland and I was wondering if any folx in the LGBTQ+ community have lived there. What was/is your experience? Did it feel like a safe place? Thanks!
benv49	0	Taking my wife to SC for the first time for upcoming 4/20 thought this would be the place to ask. Do you guys have a hippie hill type event like they do in SF?
ub5cw	0	How is everyone enjoying this game so far?   Currently level 60 barb [haven't really touched any other class], grinding to regear for Inferno.  Blueandgold#1907, in case anyone ever wants to join me for some demonslaying.
gk8cm2	1	Today when I was doing my daily walk I saw groups everywhere, not to mention the 30+ people that were having a part in the backyard of a house.  And don’t tell me they all live there, it’s a tiny house, and they were all drunk and crowded next to each other. 30+ people ffs.  I’ve seen snap and insta stories of groups at the beach and out in the mountains.  Stories from people that I know for a fact live in single gender housing yet are obviously intermingling with others.  Like are we supposed to all just accept that if we live near UCSB we are most likely to be infected? And then just pray it doesn’t do any lasting damage to our bodies?  Every day the streets get more crowded, social distancing breaks down more and more.  What will it take?  Someone dying in IV?  Though honestly it feels that these children wouldn’t even care, if they were even sober enough to understand. Smh. *Rant Over*
e8liuj	1	Like it’s so ez, I major in sociology and it’s like I just study get As and get into law school and bill your 1000 bucks per hours. Like so ezpz
2p1v8w	0	I can't take it anymore. These Oakland thugs need to be dealt with.   They are ruthless. They gang up on and beat real protestors, they smash the businesses of hardworking Berkeleyans, they shout down any dissent. No wonder our cops are shooting people and asking questions later — they're dealing with animals.  What can we do? How can we take our city back?
kje31r	0	   Hi! I’m a junior in high school and I want to peruse marine biology / aquatic medicine and possibly acting!/modeling! ucdavis is one of the best for marine bio I’ve heard, so I’d really like to become a part of the school. Any tips? My grade average is about 3.7, should that be good enough? Thanks in advance!
cns05a	0	I had to switch my housing status from off to on for 2019-2020, so I’ve made the appeal and haven’t accepted any of the aid offered.  When is the last day to accept aid?  Is it possible to accept the cal grant A that is offered and wait for the other offers to be revised? Or do I wait?
miw0l1	0	is it true that you guys are socially dead? (Asking for a friend who applied for transfer but may want to go to this university since it has a higher transfer acceptance than ICLA, UCI, and UCSB with tag)
q97rm4	0	Today at garba, there was an Indian girl with short and curly hair and wore a traditional dress with backless top!  Girl!!!!! You are so attractive that I couldn’t take my eyes off! It felt like you are a maze I couldn’t escape. I couldn’t dare to come and talk to you. Seeing you brought me back to what it feels like at home.  If you are reading this or if anyone of you know who she is, please let me know because  she has my heart.   PS- there never is a reason not to chase the ones who make you feel something.
b3s7dc	0	Hello Hello!  &#x200B;  Are you looking for an extracurricular to join?  Aspiring software engineer, UI/UX designer, digital marketer, business ops guru?  &#x200B;  Join the CruzHacks organizer team!  Applications for CruzHacks 2020 Organizers are open for 2 more days! ([https://www.cruzhacks.com/](https://www.cruzhacks.com/))  &#x200B;  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/y1x27j1i4in21.png?width=662&format=png&auto=webp&s=bdb697c110c702b5b726822b431f5eaa3d7386f8
4he2r5	0	Me: hs Junior, female, live in so-cal  GPA: W 3.7  SAT: 1960 (I am taking it again and plan to score higher)  EC: Women's leadership club (President), Volunteering at a hospital 2 hours a week for 2 years, LAX for 3 years, Peer counselor, and every summer I don't spend in Iran, I take an entire summer-long Farsi language class.  I plan to apply as a History major
j4376a	0	Any DEI rec that’s not overly political?
nryjjm	1	Unless you've been living under a rock lately, the UC has been struck with revamped controversy over limited spots for California applicants across the undergraduate campuses (with the exception being Merced, perhaps). Because of this, people have been suggesting turning a CSU into a UC campus (which apparently isn't allowed anymore because that's how UCSB became a thing). So why not just turn the UCR-Palm Desert extension into a new UC? That's how UCR, UCD, UCLA, and UCSD all became UC schools; they originally were just graduate or research extensions of UCB.  I'm thinking that they could call the campus University of California, Palm Springs. I know this is probably a pipe dream if we're talking about the near future, but it's not impossible either considering the history of UC that I aforementioned.  Thoughts?
ip3pmo	0	I know and saw the reddit post with all of the information regarding the last 300 students to receive financial aid and I myself am one of them. Its still just so scary to think about sometimes that I am 1 week away from the fees being due and while it says that my application is complete and that theyll have my aid award shortly and they said if they dont have it to me by then they wont drop me out of my classes  but I cant help but think what if something goes wrong and im dropped out of all of my classes because of this. Its really rough to think about.
d2gc3g	1	Just turned 18, and looking for a white male with a jaw line to fuck
sangen	0	PROTEST against the UC system caring more about dollar signs than the health of their students, walkout of class on January 31st, show the administration that we won't take this no more. Demand a hybrid option!
66uukj	0	Title says it all
8rwowa	0	yo dudes incoming freshman here. my original plan for fall was to take ICS 32A since i got a score of 5 on APCS A but i just saw this page   https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/advising/ICS%2031%20Credit%20by%20Exam.php  and it says that i still need to take some test to skip ICS31? i was totally unaware of this and i don't have time to prepare since it says i need to take the test at least 2 weeks prior to my SPOP (i'm going to SPOP 2 in like a month). thanks for reading guys... the contradictory info on UCI's info pages is actually traumatizing me  edit: Webreg is where i saw that ICS32A only requires a score of 3 or higher on APCSA
8d1qif	0	There was a news link called 'A Case for the NewCen: It Is Time for Change'. I read it as It is Time for Charge. When I read it, I was like 'Oh, this must be disagreement with the UCen plan.', but when it's actually the opposite. The guy who actually wrote is already graduated, and said HE would like to have SOMETHING to say after HIS graduation. I only felt ripped off when they are going to charge me extra money for renovation, since why would I need to pay extra for public access service, isn't this already paid with tuitions and fees and tax money? BTW, the UC, this PUBLIC university's yearly tuition is somehow higher than some of the PRIVATE universities. Does anyone have any ideas related to UCen renovation?
gjrjzn	0	**Which college has a better business program? help me decide please I will be starting my undergrad studies and I don't know which to attend. UCR is close to home (20 mins away) and I would be a commuter student. I'm getting full tuition covered by financial aid as a commuter student. UCSD is further like 1 hour and 40 minutes away, I would probably be in debt because of dorming. I like UCSD but I've never been far away from home, but I know that it has better rankings overall. I don't know which would be best for me. I will be majoring in pre-business at ucr and international business at ucsd.**
3ov4ax	0	If you're going to force your students to park far away from the main campus, at least send plenty of shuttles UCSD. Smh.
8hqefc	1	Fucking insane that he sends that email just to flood the protestors with more people. Talk about reckless and scummy. Got to base and surprise, protest still going and unless you got a car you are fucked.
l1427n	0	Look, I get that housing apps are opening this week but could we utilize the housing megathread that has already been created by the mods instead of flooding the subreddit? Since the megathread aggregates all the housing questions, you can post yours under a relevant topic or even find it already answered!
bc3ruv	0	I’m graduating this summer and need a “throwaway” class to be considered for financial aid. I don’t want a hard class (already taking STAT 155) but also don’t want to take a dense/boring class.  Any classes out there that fit this criteria? Also, preferably in the first half of summer.
lgkfy	0	(Hopefully this isn't considered spam)  We're a relatively new campus sustainability group that works for UCSD housing, dining, and hospitality. There's a total of 7 of us and we try to work directly with other students so raise awareness about sutainability and to try to make UCSD a cleaner and more 'green' environment. If you're a new student you're probably familiar with the awesome Choose to Reuse Camel-Bak bottles that we included in every dorm. We'll also be giving these out at various events and booths on campus.   If you want to learn more about us or if you're interested in working with us you can contact us through [facebook](http://www.facebook.com/pages/EcoNauts/172344003168) (like us please, we don't spam) or the [Major Planet website](http://hds.ucsd.edu/majorplanet/default.asp).  And if you're bored and enjoy watching cheesey, low-budget videos here are some soon to be classics from our [Youtube channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/UCSDEconauts#p/u):  [Popping the Green Cherry](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLDNIQPl508)  [The Most Sustainable Man in the World](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDD3JdLMffQ&feature=related)
9tsswu	0	If that girl who hugged me when i was crying in the bathroom for half an hour is out there somewhere because I had a rough day and couldn’t take it anymore, you are a very kind soul and the hug helped a lot. Bless you and I hope you’re doing well :)
fqby6h	0	This school is a damn scam. I didn’t learn jack shit this quarter after countless hours of hard work. Prove me wrong
hdwj1l	1	Recently a meme was shared with the UCB subreddit outlining an allegedly "dismissive" and "disrespectful" act that, often, many non-Berkeley students are guilty of.  Please refer to University of California, Berkeley as "UCB." This is **the** proper way to refer to the UC's original and flagship campus. While Cal, Berkeley, or UC Berkeley are other proper and acceptable ways to say it, it is preferred to be referred to as just "UCB."  As the system's most prestigious and respected campus, UCB students feel that it is important to honor and maintain an appropriate level of respect for our university's name. They feel that "UCB" boldens their brand and emphasize the incredible prestige associated with UCB.  It is acceptable to refer to all other UC campuses in initialisms, as well as UCB, the so-called "flagship and most well-known campus," and they therefore request that you start using the name "UCB" to refer their school. Thank you.  TL:DR  Please say "UCB" when referring to Berkeley.
iab5xu	0	Hey guys! I am a transfer student and I wanted to know how is living on IV? I signed a lease and i’m in Abrego. Moving in sometime in the coming weeks. Is Abrego a good area in IV?   Also I’m curious to know if anyone has lived in Abrego how is the commute to school (even tho this fall is remote) should i get a bike? and does it tend to be loud or a quiet neighborhood?  Just nervous and doubting my ability to make friends once I move and getting adjusted in IV. I want to be able to have a good time and make some friends while following all these new rules with the pandemic. :))  edit: removed some sentences.
iw0n3a	0	Are you interested in professional development and being involved in campus? Check out the Professional Sorority and Fraternity Council’s Fall Showcase TODAY from 7-8 pm! Learn about Professional Greek life and meet the members of our organizations!  TODAY! Saturday September 19 7- 8PM     \-   PSFC Organizations:   ΔEM: Co-Ed Pre-Health Fraternity   KΓΔ: Pre-Health Sorority   ΦΔΕ: Co-Ed Medical Fraternity   ΑΦΩ: Co-Ed Community Service Fraternity   ΛΟΞ: Community Service Sorority   ΑΚΨ: Co-Ed Business Fraternity   ΣΑ: Agricultural Sorority   ΦΣΠ: National Honors Co-Ed Fraternity   \-   Please RSVP on Aggielife for the Zoom link! linktr.ee/psfcdavis
714ket	0	I'm sure the main gym has free weights, but does the Sierra Madre gym have them? Like squat rack or bench?
s3jw2h	0	Due to the outbreak of Omicron, it is easy to infect by taking in-person classes. In order to provide a safer and better environment for students and faculty, UCI should consider continuing to maintain online classes in the winter quarter. If you support it, please sign this petition. Thank you! https://chng.it/J2qFCyYyh2
egm7tm	1	I’m just here trying to figure out where I can get some. Tell the psychiatrist you think you got ADHD or what lol
gjtwrx	1	This is fucking bullshit and no amount of virtue is going to make me do more than the bare minimum at this point. Every day is a nightmare and every night is a daymare. Existence is pain. Go Bruins.
bz5oee	0	Hi this is my first post and I made a separate account to ask this question.  Has anyone had any experience switching into the mathematics department even though it's capped? I have a 3.42 GPA in my screening course, but I'm still nervous. I'm a continuing student, I've already spoken with the adviser and they said I shouldn't worry. I just want to know if anyone else has experience switching in please.  Thank you very much.  GL on your finals :)
4lnsqv	0	Hey guys, I plan to take photos at the UCI entrance sign, do you guys need a ladder to get up there? I believe it's on bison  Referring to this: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/UCISign.jpg
s8aux7	0	Surely, SURELY people will have the choice to study from home in the middle of a pandemic… right? Surely they can’t force us to go back and expose ourselves to a disease… right? Surely they will at least have a hybrid option for those who want to continue to study remote… right? All I know is regardless of their decision, I’m not going. Health before anything :)
s18ud4	0	pls ban this mf
jdrjjh	0	Does anyone have an idea as to whether the Outdoor group exercise classes at Hutchison field (yoga, zumba, etc) are being attended by a sizeable group? My worst fear is showing up and it just being myself and the instructor. TIA!
cilxbu	0	 No I’m not the most social. Yes I have issues in my personal life that makes being happy a kind of muscle that I have to constantly exercise.   But honestly being here in this beautiful city and school makes it all worthwhile.   I see so much negativity in here, and though it’s just a fraction of UCSD, the vibe we implement on here spreads into reality too.   Let’s practice mindfulness, watching what and how we think, and how we treat ourselves. Practice attracting good things through good thoughts. Friends? No problem. Good grades? No problem. Love? It’s around the corner.   I have faith in y’all. Have a beautiful rest of the summer.
k0ejxa	0	Im taking physics 3A rn and my class is using the respondus lockdown browser. I really dont like using it and it makes me feel really uncomfortable when taking my exams. Are people that are an in 3B and 3C also using respondus or is it just my class? I just hope that my future physics classes dont force me to keep using it cause the entire physics department says so.
eifwst	0	Okay so partially wanted to be the first post...of the new year...the new decade!  Zot Zot
ldu580	0	I am a second-year pre-business student who is about to apply to SOBA. I was wondering for upper division finance students: do you only need 18 upper division classes to graduate? So you only need to take 3 classes per quarter for 6 quarters?  I already have a lot of units from college classes/AP tests, so I can only afford to take 3 classes per quarter in order to stay under 216 total units.  Also, is there a penalty for only taking 12 units per quarter? I have taken at least 15 units per quarter so far so I don't really know.
9xns07	0	I don't know what to say; I fucked up hard. I have an essay due for HUM 3 today and I've done nothing yet. It's not been for lack of trying, I've set aside 4 days for it barely going to class. But everytime I try to write I get so anxious and a little depressed about it I just watch YouTube so I don't have to think about it anymore. I know I'm just fucking making excuses and if I had the same motivation I had last year I could finish in the next 2 days and take the 10% penalty, but I don't know if I'll be able to. Is there a way to drop with a W at this point or is there some way I can appeal to my TA/Lyon to figure something out. It was the same thing with my last essay. I think it's some kind of mental health thing because I've never had this bad of a procrastination reaction before; it's to the point it feels more like avoidance. I've told myself I'd contact CAPS this quarter, but it's too late to get any help from that. If it helps with appealing I didn't have this problem last year and have As with HUM, so it's just something I'm struggling with now.
dnoxki	0	It’s from the Myers-Briggs personality assessment . You can take it here: 16personalities.com
moln01	0	Hi guys,  I am so stressed about everything right now. I feel like life isn't going the way I expected it to go. I recently lost my cousin and my grandma, which took a huge toll on my mental health. My dog also has a mass growing in his ears and I'm scared that I won't be able to afford for surgery. I brought him to my apartment in riverside to take care of him. We left him at the apartment for an hour to run some errands and he bit the trim of the door. I honestly feel like I am at an all time low right now. Also, my 2/4 of my professors doesn't teach. It's not a big deal, but I literally do not understand physics. I don't know how group work and turning in a bunch of note cards will help me learn anything. Why can't some professors do their jobs and teach instead of going over useless definitions in a class that requires calculations?  Hahahaha sorry, this is more of a life rant.
g0znnc	0	I friend of mine (who lives abroad) keeps bragging about how he got into UCLA using his cousin's reference. His stats are nowhere near UCLA level and he's dad's not even someone important or anything. So I seriously doubt the validity of his story.
l2p3k	0	Love this band, so I thought I'd share the event with all my fellow UCD redditors :) It's at Tres Hermanas at 10pm...look them up on facebook to hear their stuff.
djxvct	1	I seriously cannot believe that needs to be said. Are you guys brain dead?   TINDER CAN WAIT. YOU CAN SWIPE LATER. They’ll still be there for your hobgoblin lookin ass in five-ten minutes once you reach your destination.  If you’re afraid that your only match in a week is going to immediately unmatch you if you don’t reply right that second than STOP BIKING AND PULL OVER MICHEAL.   Jesus Christ how are you people in college?
74388a	0	So I ordered some stuff on Amazon on Saturday, and it happened to be that they arrived on Sunday afternoon.  Since the housing office doesn't process mail during Sundays, I was expecting to get them by Monday. But I didn't.   At least I was expecting to receive them today but I guess I am not. I am just hoping they didn't keep them somewhere behind the room and forgot to process them at all. I will probably wait for a few more days and just hope they didn't forget about it.  Tl:dr Make sure your packages never arrive on Sundays. Rather let them arrive on Mondays so that they can start processing right away!
pqti4m	0	Walk around campus and 90% of students have a mask on, not on the chin or anything, like fully over the nose. Not to be confrontational, but why? You’re outside, fully vaccinated, and presumably tested negative when you got here
d1szx1	0	i am a third year transfer student moving up to davis in two weeks and wanted to see if there are any students in this sub who are dodger fans as well. the post season is right around the corner and i’d love to link up and watch these games together!
ioim26	0	Hi everyone. I'm an incoming freshman student who is totally clueless about how the R'card works. Hoping someone can help me. So I just submitted a photo for my card yesterday and was wondering if it'll get delivered to my current address or my dorm since I'll be living on campus this fall? Also, do I need this card in order to access the dining hall? Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you so much!
kpurtn	0	 NEWS!  As of the winter quarter, the Freshman Collective is growing and adding transfer students to our family! If you transferred into UCR in 2020, now is the time to sign up and get yourself a mentor!  UCR's Campus Collective is an exciting new mentoring program for students who are entering college as a freshman.  Students are matched with mentors who are there to offer guidance as students acclimate to life in college.  Mentors will assist mentees in navigating the many adjustments that students often face when attending college for the first time. Mentoring pairs connect by text, phone, email, or virtual meeting platform.   https://ue.ucr.edu/mentoring
93yls2	0	Wondering what I need to highlight in my applications And what are the average grades (IB please) of students who were accepted.  Thanks!
psccvk	0	Hey I am selling a set of brand new sealed airpods that I got from the bookstore with my ipad. I already have airpods so I don’t really need another pair. I’ll prefer to take the payment in cash and meet oncampus only. Let me know if anyone is interested.
hcshht	0	Recently a meme was shared to our subeddit outlining a dismissive and disrespectful act that, often, many non-Berkeley students are guilty of.  Please do not refer to Berkeley as "UCB." This is not the proper way to refer to the University of California's original and flagship campus. Cal, Berkeley or UC Berkeley are all proper and acceptable ways to say it. UCB, on the other hand, is not.  As the system's most prestigious and respected campus, we feel that it is important to honor and maintain an appropriate level of respect for our university's name. We feel that "UCB" cheapens our brand and doesn't emphasize the incredible prestige associated with Berkeley.  While it may be acceptable to refer to all other UC campuses in initialisms due to their lack of recognition and prestige, this is not acceptable for the flagship and most well-known campus, and we therefore request that you cease using the name "UCB" to refer our school. Thank you.  TL:DR  Don't say "UCB" when referring to Berkeley.
d9oxo2	1	i don't want to snitch on one of my sisters, but i am pretty angry with things right now. one of my housemates (we are in the same sorority) has been bragging about how she is "dating" the CS61B autograder. she makes it pretty clear that she is sleeping with him, and i strongly suspect that she is getting better grades because of this! she does not write code yet she has full points, and she has full scores on homework even though i know for certain she got some tests on the autograder wrong. i am furious and i don't want to rat the autograder out. i am not sure what to do
flov6v	1	A few weeks ago you guys were talking crap about the school for not cancelling classes, all of a sudden you guys are talking about mental health and how it’s messed up that professors are giving finals when it’s a stressful time. Why the sudden change?
phq95z	0	He was munchin on some Panda Express in the Hub and he was saying how happy he is the hub and library are open again. Then I was like “Yeah it’s great I’m glad you’re requiring vaccinations this fall” and then he agreed but was like “but not all students are doing their part so help me out will you”. You heard him guys get your vaccinations he’ll know if you don’t 👀👀
q2co6j	0	Any recommendations near Ucr?
f76m4l	1	All of my straight friends in the same major as me have pass times after me. The gay friends I know in my major have also already had their pass times. I don't understand? The two gay people in my major I know who aren't part of any LGBT organizations on campus didn't get their pass times yet.  &#x200B;  Can anyone else attest to this? I'm confused and kind of offended
kcq6hz	0	Hello everyone! I wish you all the best of luck on your impending finals! If you've already taken them, I hope your results turn out the way you want them to! These are very rough and stressful times but imagine the liberation you would feel after finishing a whole semester online :) You guys are going to go down in history for doing that unlike any other alumni... You've made it so far! I really wish that I will one day be able to take finals and complain about them on this reddit thread next year lol >< You guys are so inspirational and amazing for continuing to put in effort and hard work in college when the world is in chaos right now. I really look up to you guys.  I hope things work out for the best for you all. Go Bruins!  Edit: Thank you so much for all of the kind messages! This just reaffirmed why UCLA is my top choice :) The community is amazing.... You guys are the best!
fmii0n	0	Some background to my career aspirations include being a pre-med student majoring in biomedical engineering. For anyone who has insight in that major how is it like (that can be your major or you know someone majoring in biomed e.)? Also for anyone who is a pre-med student how has your experience been (extra appreciation for those who are bioengineering premed students). How are professors like for the basic required classes for any premed student (bio, chem, calculus, etccc...)? Important academic information to consider is I will be an IB diploma holding student and am learning calculus and physics already.   For those of you who may say how horrible it is to be a premed student or if I am sure about it, the answer is yes. My mind is quite made up on pursuing medical school and I in fact already have in mind in doing an ophthalmology residency.
l1rg3x	0	remote schooling made me primitive.  study, sleep, repeat.
f2w447	0	Don't TAs make $2400 a month? That seems like a generous amount of money for part time work. The average person I know pays 800 for rent. So, can someone fill me in here?
a683a5	0	It gets better.   Signed, an alum who had to appeal to not get kicked out of his major, who now has a semi-stable job in his field, and who is considering grad school. Life has lots of roads and detours to each destination and you may find somewhere even better to hang your hat.   P.S. Slugs who dominated their finals, be there for your friends who feel like they failed themselves and/or their family. The holidays are not a happy time to feel like shit, especially around family and old friends.
pxka3b	0	I am here on a scholarship but I feel like it just a huge waste of time and money.  1. No parking - There is no where to park and we have to fight over what little parking spots there is. 2. No food - All of the dining halls have hour longs waits and some don’t even have food we can order. Also, the food that we do receive looks and taste so bad. 3. No internet - seriously, at a time and age like this and you can’t figure how to get internet faster than dial up. Sometimes when I walk into class I spend a majority of time fighting to get wifi. This wifi has screwed with several interviews and online classes.  4. No Housing - dorms are shitty but like some people don’t even have somewhere to live. 5. No Laundry  - why is there only 4 washing machines for a whole apartment building. And now I have to worry about someone pissing into my laundry because I live in warren. 6. No visitor policy - we can’t have visitors in our dorm yet you stuff hundreds of people into classrooms where everyone sits shoulder to shoulder, and have events like meet the beach where thousands of people show up without mask.   And this list probably goes on and on. I’m sorry I just needed to vent.
rytbzz	0	As I understand, the SUA (student government) is pushing for a fully remote Winter quarter and sent the chancellor an email about this demand yesterday. I can't comprehend why this is desirable given the information we know now. Based on the trends we are seeing everywhere, Omicron will most likely peak in a week or two from now (probably during Week 3) and by the start of Week 5 we should be in good shape to begin in-person education, perhaps having a 1-week hybrid period with remote lectures and in-person sections to safely transition. Given this information regarding the peak as well as Omicron being significantly less dangerous than previous strains, why are we trying to have the entire quarter be remote?
kiyu7r	0	This feels like an accomplishment but not really. How’s everyone feeling about this quarter?
ae9jil	0	I am debating about adding on N172 this quarter and was wondering how the class has been this quarter/was in the past? Dr. Ghandi and Dr. Blurton-Jones are teaching it this quarter.
gw17pv	0	what if i like... don’t pay it?
juebpc	1	Before I sell my soul to the devil, how are the Econ classes at Davis? I'm thinking about minoring in Econ because it could open doors for business analyst roles and such plus with my coding background from the Stats major. I plan on taking ECN 01AV next quarter and I hope the class isn't too bad. This will be my last quarter of GE’s as well, so it makes sense to minor in something that’s marketable for better employment for the future.
fkygij	0	Turning off the lights, locking the door, and walking out of an office I likely won't see again for at least a couple of months was more emotionally difficult than I had expected.  I packed up a big markerboard and three boxes of textbooks, Lego, magnetic rods, electrical components, and other tools of the trade that will be useful for teaching online for a while. Filled out the working-from-home form and turned that in. Tidied things up, unplugged everything, threw out some old stuff that I probably should've thrown out months or years ago. And as one final act of, I don't know, defiance I suppose, I wound the old wall clock, set the time, and put the pendulum in motion. It'll be ticktocking and chiming out the hours to an empty room for a few days at least. Felt right somehow.  Until next time, UC Davis. Stay safe out there.
ey9jwo	0	I’m a cog sci major so I have to wait for my second pass. Unfortunately I have already put it on my resume as anticipated coursework and sent it out :( what are my chances of getting into the class during my second pass time?  Edit: Downvote ninja, reveal yourself
k56w31	0	 I have a 4.0 uc weighted gpa, I took 6 semesters of ap classes and 6 semesters of honors classes not counting senior year. I’m nervous on wether or not I am going to get in, do you think I will?
9vs2b7	0	Let's call the corners
qkn8w2	0	there’s some good fights coming up canelo this weekend haney, benavidez, teofimo this month gervonta next month who’s down to watch them ?
lhygy5	0	It’s really hard for many students since we are in different time zone  but the professor insists the attendance is mandatory.    Is there anyway to report this problem? Will emailing the advisor be useful?
fis235	0	Moment of silence for the graduating seniors that won't be able to live out their last quarter on campus and potentially miss out on the graduation ceremony.  Let us take this moment to appreciate the 4 or 5 or 6 (OR 2 OR 1 IF YOU'RE A TRANSFER, COULD BE 3 TOO I GUESS) beautiful years we've experienced at Davis.  What will you miss the most about your student life here?
qu1vxd	0	I am applying to college as a freshman and am choosing between Computer Science and Computer Engineering. Out of the two majors, which one would have the least credit requirements?
kpgrfx	0	I signed up for Music 11B by Karlton Hester for Jazz or whatever because I wanted to fulfill a GE, and I guess I didn't search well enough for background info because I am only now just finding out about multiple, vehement warnings by past students via this subreddit and RMP to *not* take the class.  I'm not even that interested in Jazz, which I guess was something I should've thought of first, but I wanted to finish the CC GE this quarter and Music 81C wasn't available.  He has a 2.2/5 for 80 reviews on RMP, and although he seems established as a musician, I'm now wary about his course because of the descriptions of it being strenuous and disorganized.  I'm gonna have to rethink a lot because it was difficult to conjure up three classes that were available for me this quarter that suited the path I'm taking, and I'm probably gonna have to switch out of this one, of which I don't know the window of time to do so, and rethink my game plan.  Hopefully I'm overreacting, to be honest.  Remember to do your due diligence in background-checking your future classes.  If anyone has any advice about this or (very helpfully) about what class would be prime to switch with this, please let me know. Thank you.  TL;DR: "Ya like jazz?" Not currently :(
bkf4xq	0	hello everyone ! I’m selling 2 swipes for $5 since everyone is selling one for $3. I live in Mesa so preferably Anteatery but Pippins is fine :)
a0wwzv	0	Can we use meal swipes at other UCs? I know that we can use the gym at other UCs, but does the same apply for the dinning halls?
f52bcd	0	Is there school tomorrow?
aqdrex	1	Feeling lonely? Need a partner for couples day but don't have one because of various reasons? Look no further than the Romantic Amorous Partner Engagement program. Our specialized officers will stay by you all day to comfort your soul.   Tears? The only tears you'll have are the ones are the ones you get cutting onions for your dinner for two. That's right, with our program, you'll have access to your very own kitchen, prepared with the finest ingredients found in the Kresge Pantry. Enjoy preparing a dinner you'll share with our officers.    Sign up now for only $999.99 or sign up for a full 4 year plan for a discounted $3499.   * We also offer a lifetime option available through mail delivery partners, contact Dmitri for more information regarding that matter.
q8a9mf	0	Hi all. I graduated in 2014 with a BA in Global Studies and I just wanted to let you know I'm really happy I went to UCR. I use most of what I was taught every day. I don't work in international politics, but I do work in the government. The things I learned from my degree, like understanding why people are they are in the world, shows up every single day.   So, I just wanted to share that I'm one proud alum. Not every school has a diverse staff with a pretty awesome curriculum. When I went to grad school, I was disappointed how mainstream the curriculum was compared to UCR.   So, embrace some r'side. Embrace the uniqueness. Embrace such a hidden gem of a UC. You go to a great school :)  And really, once you're older, no one cares AS MUCH where you went to school. The federal government only cares that I got a 2.95 GPA or higher.   Enjoy your fall quarter!!! 💗
purkrv	1	Previously, the world’s physicists believed the Planck length to be the smallest possible thing. Now, researchers at Berkeley’s Cafe 3 have developed something even smaller, their burger patties.
87otrv	0	Apparently y'all are on spring break and they're closed.  Any way I can reach an admissions officer now?  are they still replying to emails?  I have urgent questions for them  Deadline is March 31
bf1ze8	0	Last week our beloved band director at UCR committed suicide after unfounded allegations of sexual misconduct were brought against him at his other school. The police investigated and found evidence of him being catfished by a minor, no criminal wrongdoing.  The department chair sent out an email to a few of the current band members (not all) and the music department faculty and absolutely nothing else has been said by the University. I went to the counseling center and they didn't know about what was going on. Some of my friends have missed classes due to grief but none of their faculty know that it's because one of their colleagues committed suicide. I had one person say that "they would have heard about that" in response to me saying that I couldn't make it to class and asking about notes.  I'm not a music Major, so none of my faculty are aware of what's going on and kind of brushed it off when I mentioned it was the band director.  Like the band director isn't one of the most important people in the life of every musician.  Rest in Peace, Dr. Sam R Andress. Whatever the flip the school is thinking, we miss you.
eeo7j6	0	My mt1, mt2, final was 0, 0.7, 0.4std and hw is like 100 percent. Anybody have rough estimation of what my course grade would be? Is it not within the range of A-?
mt3qxb	1	Have sex?  ​  Cuz I have sex 😌. I had sex last night actually 😎  ​  Felt good. But I was wondering if anyone else is having sex too. Cuz if you're not then you should be.  Raise your hand in the comments if you have sex 🙋‍♂️  ​  😌
izwtjl	0	I was accused of using Chegg for a physics 40c final that I took in spring. The final was multiple choice and fully open notes, slides, ect. Just no outside internet resources. I checked my history for that night and confirmed that I never entered Chegg. I also have never paid for Chegg. However, I did look up some common equations and constants that were on the equation sheet to save time. The main accusation was for using Chegg, though.   Has anyone else gone through this process when they were innocent?  Update 1: I just had my SCAIP administrative meeting and it went well. It turns out that they're only investigating based on a list of Chegg accounts that accessed the questions and one of the account email addresses looked like it belonged to me. I do have a Chegg account but the coordinator confirmed that this account was not the one that is being investigated. The best part though is that this Chegg account accessed the questions on a day that I wasn't taking the final. There were 2 final dates and I guess the professor didn't bother to check that they lined up. Once the coordinator confirms that I took the final on a different day, I should be cleared. Thanks again everyone.
b1otla	0	Hello!      I got accepted into both. It difficult for me to decide between the two so can you guys please tell me what the pros and cons are of UCSC.   Thanks in advance!!
l5c1ll	0	This may sound like a pretentious question but I've had my laptop for \~8 years and I'm upgrading so no flame pls  Should I get a 13 inch or 16 inch Macbook? The difference seems negligible but I remember my current computer feeling gigantic on the tiny desks in section and I'm looking for input from others with small/large laptops and what they recommend
4rrgei	0	Short story is I was caught in a drug ring and sent to a continuation school for the rest of the first emester, then the entirety of the second.  I also opted to stay for the next year (which was my junior year), because the school environment fit me better.    I returned to graduate at my original high school, and am hoping to transfer next year after my cc courses are all taken.  Will this possibly damage my chances in any way?
da4z8d	0	There are bike paths and walking paths. The bike paths are asphalt(black) with yellow stripes. The walking paths are concrete (gray) with dark lines every yard or so. You will also see the corresponding bikes and walkers on these paths. Please adhere to these rules and stop walking on the bike(black) paths because there are bikes(triangles with people on them) going way faster than your slow reaction times while you are on your phone or talking to your friend on their bike. Thank you! 🙂  有自行车道和步行道。 自行车道是带有黄色条纹的沥青（黑色）。 人行道是混凝土的（灰色），每码左右都有深色线条。 您还将在这些路径上看到相应的自行车和步行器。 请遵守这些规则，并停止在自行车（黑色）路径上行走，因为有些自行车（三角形的人）的行驶速度要比您在手机上或与朋友骑自行车聊天时的缓慢反应时间快。 谢谢！  🙂
6edhgq	0	I'm an economics major and I've heard some pretty bad things about how the department down curves to get an average of a 2.7 gpa. Is this true, and is it just for the economics department, or is it for every major? Please help!
lvtuwv	0	Congratulations to everyone who was accepted to UCR! Feel free to use this thread to discuss all your questions and we'll try our best to answer them   Keep in mind we have a #questions channel on the UCR discord: https://discord.gg/DPYn9zt
3fd1mt	0	I'm going to be transferring in a couple years and was planning on going to Cal Poly Pomona, but I've been thinking since I'm going to be dorming or living near school, I want some entertainment and want to be able to have fun, so what's fucking better than a school with the reputation of UCSB. Everyone makes it sound like everyone gets shit faced every weekend and is buzzed every other day, but you guys, who actually attend, what's it really like? I know "any school can be a party school." If you don't want to party, how's the academic side, and if you want to party occasionally, what's it like? What's the campus environment and students like? Do you like UCSB or would you have rather gone somewhere else? How do you think it compares with CSU SD?
muo62q	0	I recently got into UCSB's stats/data science major and my only concern is placement after uni. I want to be able to get a job with a high paying salary but I am worried I may not get that here.
kqd2w8	0	Wastewater Detection of SARS CoV-2
dhwj0s	0	[https://waitz.io/ucsb](https://waitz.io/ucsb)  You can use this website to see approximately how full each floor of the library is. There's an iOS app with additional features and gives data on Grad Study Rooms and the Music Library (we're working on finishing up the android app).  Hope it helps! Please dm or comment with any feedback, we're going to be pushing updates throughout the quarter and would love to hear what y'all think  &#x200B;  Edit: Realized the website had a few errors when we pushed it out, apologies for that, there's no ugly button now
qdtkjw	0	I thought I might have left it at Glasgow but it's not there. If anyone finds it, please leave a comment or send a Reddit message, thank you in advance!
nqa1mu	0	Coachella is happening next year, but it's from April 15-17 and April 22-24. Neither of those dates are on a break, but does anyone know if either weekend is better? At least in regards to the UCSB calendar. On a side note, anyone going to Rolling Loud this year?
8drun9	0	My best friend will be graduating from UCR this spring on June 17th And I’m so excited for him! He has already used up all of his tickets for the commencement ceremony for his family, but unfortunately that means me and our other best friend can’t go. :(  So I’m wondering if anyone on here that is graduating has a couple of extra tickets we could have? It would mean the world to me and my friend.  Thank you again everyone!
855jv7	0	Graduating with a 3.6 gpa and I thought I’d contribute my knowledge back to the subreddit.  I’ve been involved heavily in plenty of student orgs including a fraternity.   I’ve had 3 internships, 1 at a startup and 2 at the company I am going to work at full-time after graduating.  Starting total comp is >$150k.  Ask me anything from CS to campus life.
sjnb6y	0	I’m not happy about getting rejected but I did learn a lot about how these clubs work. If I actually got in I still would have made an AMA post. If you wanna figure out how these club’s recruitment events really work just ask me your questions here and maybe I can help
dfnm8k	1	I thought this list would be useful, especially during midterm season. Here are my favorite places to cry on campus.   Outside of Soda (next to Cafe VA). Everyone usually minds their own business because they're busy doing work. Also, it's usually a little bit sunny which makes the situation better. If you're crying you might as well be in a nice environment with some plants around you.  Benches near strawberry creek. I've found that nobody is ever in the naturey part of campus, so it's really nice to just sit on the benches and look at the creek and trees and cry to yourself as much as you need, and nobody will bother you.   Single bathrooms in Dwinelle Hall. These are conveniently located right outside lecture halls just in case you need to excuse yourself for a good cry.   **Hot takes**:  During a midterm or exam. This is controversial, but nothing beats just silently letting tears run down your face during the exam where everyone else is focused on their own work. Bonus points if a TA makes eye contact with you while you cry.  Cory bathrooms. Listen...I know it's grimy. But nobody's ever in there because it smells awful, and you can't smell how bad it is if your nose is stuffy enough from crying.  Feel free to add your own recommendations!
336moh	0	Hi All,  I am currently on the Davis Waitlist for mechanical engineering. My other option is UCI. I just went to UCI and really liked the campus and engineering program, but I also like Davis. So I am conflicted on which school to go. Does anyone have any reasons for me to attend Davis or UCI?
qft6tk	0	Since the start of the quarter I’ve been sporadically hearing the occasional cough here and there, but today it feels like there’s at least one person in my vicinity coughing their lungs out every time I sat down somewhere. There was this girl at geisel who had the most phlegm-filled cough, then when I escaped to PC there was this homeless man coughing uncontrollably for a straight 10 seconds with their mask under their chin. Not to mention there were multiple instances of coughing left and right as I made my way around campus today. Had to go home early today just to change my clothes and shower just to feel clean again..
j6ip5s	0	I used to meet up new people on campus, and now that's not an option, I am wondering how people are doing it. I also moved to my parents house far away, so I am having a hard time finding other UCLA peeps. Any tips and advice would be appreciated.
kakdes	1	That extra thiccccc 2% EC on the final grade? some of us actually need it and it won't kill you spam click "Agree" or "Disagree" for 30 seconds. do your damn capes people!!
siyqm4	1	So there is only one student bathroom in the entire building of Peter j shields? Or am I missing something here?
d6o4hk	0	Incoming freshman here, I live in OC so I'm only going to bring enough clothes for each quarter. Should I bring a raincoat? Sorry if this has been asked already •~•)
28p885	0	So, I recently found out that I had to set up the electricity and gas at my apartment. I move in tomorrow and I have not done this or do I know this. How do I go about doing this?
148iz3	0	If you are currently part of a student organization please answer this survey: http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/SSYYQC5     If you are not in a student organization please answer this survey: http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/SS2T99V
bc9ik4	0	I got into these schools and I am trying to decide which college would be best for me in the pre-med route. I am looking into smaller class sizes, more research opportunities, good professors, and a better learning environment. Any insight/ experiences would help!!!!
rx28w1	0	Idk between moving in on Jan 2nd and classes starting on Jan 3rd, Omicron/COVID, and just generally being mentally ill, I’m ashamed to admit that I’ve hardly made any effort to participate in any of my classes so far. I already feel so behind because I’ve been too anxious to approach any of my classes. I’m not even taking boring or difficult classes either I’m just so tired all the time. I’m kinda just curious if anyone else feels this way, that might make me (and anyone else?) feel a little better about being so stressed out right now :/
epwu4f	0	It’s an opportunity to talk to companies and get internships and full-time jobs. It’s next Friday on the 24th from 5-9pm. The link to sign up is bit.ly/ucrewi20
9qqm4u	0	its really weird, but why do i keep having to reset my password. i did it earlier this year because i thought i had to change it every year, but it happened again today (btw this is my ilearn/rweb acc).   i dont think im getting hacked or anything. i just find it strange that it says my password is incorrect when it isnt. i have it written down and everything. it is definitely not wrong. btw this has only happened twice since school started. its not on a nornal daily basis.
9xjwxk	0	whats up this weekend, whats the move y'all whats poppin ma peeps ? anything fun and exciting going down? my roommates and I need a fun girls night out .
oxff99	1	Hello Bruins The Midwestern Christian has spoken and now as a Muslim I will be standing with my Christian brothers and sisters. No gay sex comments can be made except if they are Halal. Say bismilallah before gay intercourse, in the process of writing about gay intercourse or when speaking about gay intercourse.
m50gd0	1	Dear Professors on this sub,    I realize it must be very annoying to receive dozens of emails a day about individuals you don’t even know asking if they could get involved research. I understand that many of you do not have the time to sift through every email and even give a response back to every student. However, like many others, whenever this happens to me, I feel inadequate and worthless. Am I not even worth a simple “No, sorry.”that you just leave me waiting for a response until the ends of time, agonizing over whether I will ever hear back? However, I have a solution to this everlasting awkwardness and dread. Rather than me reaching out to you, I think it would be a better use of everyone’s time if you simply reach out to me.  If you are a professor who is conducting some form of biological or chemical research, please reach out to me with a CV, a letter of recommendation, and a description on what your lab does. If the work seems somewhat interesting, I will be sure to let you know that your lab is receiving strong consideration. If you do not receive a message back, it is because I am simply too busy.
l9s9dk	0	Throwaway for soon to be obvious reasons.  I'm a conservative who hasn't told anyone at Berkeley.    Are there any conservative/Republican/even-remotely-right-of-center bears out there?  Pretty much all of my friends back home are liberal, they just understand that I'm not a bad person and they don't really care that we disagree politically.  Maybe I'm not giving people here enough credit, but I fear they won't be so uncaring about my point of view.  I'm tired of living this way.  If you fit any of the above criteria and are also looking for a friend, please feel free to DM me.
3m5lyd	0	What were the reactions of the individuals (family, friends, & etc.) surrounding you during high school or community college when you decided to attend this University of California?  Are you curious of what was thrown at the students at all of the other UC campuses? Go to my profile and look at the threads I started.
gw41vn	0	Ever since the switch to online format of evaluations, I don't understand why they want these evaluations at the end of week 10. I can understand if they want ESCI evaluations done before you get your final grade. If they are fearful of people being petty and giving classes bad evaluations because they did poorly in the class, MAYBE. Even then, people's mindset about grading and the fairness of the class are developed already by the first large essay/exam, and the evaluations should include the fairness of the final exam, often worth 50% of the grade. Why does the admin want us to turn in the evals before Finals? Plus, I'm the kind of person who actually is motivated to write extra comments, but I don't have the time/energy for that while studying for the finals.  I'm just remembering how I got shafted a year ago when my professor gave us a final nothing like the level of the midterm or homeworks, and then felt even worse because I previously gave them a satisfactory evaluation because I didn't expect him to screw us over.
rx9w93	0	Here's contact info:  **Chancellor Cynthia Larive**  [chancellor@ucsc.edu](mailto:chancellor@ucsc.edu)  [clarive@ucsc.edu](mailto:clarive@ucsc.edu)   **Campus Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor Lori Kletzer**  [lkletzer@ucsc.edu](mailto:lkletzer@ucsc.edu)  Jennifer Baszile, Interim Vice Chancellor, Student Affairs and Success   [jbaszile@ucsc.edu](mailto:jbaszile@ucsc.edu)  Richard Hughey, Vice Provost and Dean, Undergraduate Education  [rph@ucsc.edu](mailto:rph@ucsc.edu)  I wrote an email about my personal reasons for wanting to stay and demands for things like recorded large lectures. It just takes a couple minutes!
dptnv9	0	I didn't really fuck with the "consent is sexy" message of the protest. The terrible things that happened weren't done in lieu of knowing what consent is, they were a complete disreguard of consent. What the protest should have focused on is how the school can allow an organization like sig pi to exist when the frat obviously has such terrible members and governing body. I know that educating people on consent is always important, but i doubt those guys who commited those crimes were ignorant in understanding what consent is, they just didn't care
pw2pcm	0	I am happy to see that there are students who are still coming to church on Sundays- especially here in UCSD. Everybody will get busy eventually but for me I make church as break from monotony of Univ life. BTW, Newman was packed today!!!
e8ksw3	1	 Scooter while raining is a must if you want to break your arm! (good excuse for missing finals)  Code: klpqygm
o27zjh	0	Hello, I am still waitlisted for computer science game design (alt major choice: computer engineering). UCSC has always been the top school that I want to go due the strong CS and game design program and since it is very close to my home.  Many of my interests align with game design as I made many games and have experience working with game designing software. I am also more than happy with pursuing computer engineering too. I am still desperately waiting for a response. Is it still worth to it to wait? When will I get a response? I haven't sent a LOCI when I got waitlisted. Should I send it now? Will CS classes fill up before I even get a response from wait-list? Will housing be filled up and force me into some random vacant spot?   Sorry if this type of post may be repetitive and if I have unnecessarily made this post. I just want to get a response to my questions. Thank you for your time and help.
mm9hmo	0	i’ve had at least one of my TAs every quarter this year say that a student told them that.   which one of y’all is doing that.  what is wrong with you.   first of all that’s lowkey rude because they work hard to make these quizzes a good supplement to our learning while also regarding how hard it is to take these classes during COVID. secondly other students don’t work at the same pace as you and need these quizzes to boost their grade. if you want something to test your knowledge, find quizzes to take online. do the questions in your book.   there’s literally no benefit to making things harder for everyone else. be considerate of your TA and other students.
qitpj0	0	like why isn’t there one? 🤨⁉️
m2wavw	0	I get there is history, but every week I get emails from UCPD detailing all of the crime there. The entire area is sketchy af and as far as I can understand the arguments behind preserving People's Park is to continue to give people the freedom to do what they please on these grounds. What am I missing?  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/n9brwb9atfm61.png?width=1264&format=png&auto=webp&s=52d4f5bd67d04f240eef6ee76f1ff97382604a40
aemie0	0	I heard some saying that new grads/undergrads are hard to find full-time/internships at Apple. Wonder if this would change for info session?
mnazs2	1	I got my identity stolen yesterday due to the data center breach detailed in the BerkeleyWarnMe email (screenshow below - i hope thats allowed lol)   &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/1pksj0b793s61.png?width=2044&format=png&auto=webp&s=15d686f77b841d57d9240cdbf0e2ad7e9a08a41e  The hacker's got access to my bank account and robinhood account, and have so far taken over $13,000 that I had saved up for rent/tuition. After about 15 hours emailing/calling to regain access I am still locked out.   &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/x7de0fk6a3s61.png?width=1152&format=png&auto=webp&s=78acd46a1c523b8bc2b21b9a1926e725a9d8777f  Still getting notifications about fraudulent charges to my account (weird right? Im unable to log into my account and yet im getting notifications, how tf does that work? anyways)   So far only one of the.... five... people I talk to at berkeley have been effected by this... still, that's 2/6 people which is really alarming. 10/10 would recommend you check your stuffs asap!! and sign up for the identity theft protection (just look up "data breach" in your berkeley email to find the info & enrollment code)  WHY COULDNT THEY HAVE WAITED UNTIL AFTER FINALS THO
ed6vto	0	): does anybody have strict parents and found yourself to be staying a fifth year? How do u emotionally be okay about it? How did u deliver that news? How does it work when it comes to FAFSA? I just need help ): and I feel so stuck. I’m not ready to face them at all, almost don’t wanna be home for the holidays.
1ltylv	0	I got placed in a double in FT. This was not on my preferences and I don't like anything about it. I hate how it's so isolated, the distance, and how the views of the beach are non existent. Is there ANY way I can get out of FT? PS i also got placed in a double surprisingly when i NEEDED a triple ;/ what do i do?
f6xqqc	1	Why dafuq do the water fountains in mchenry try to give me shock treatment every time I go for a drink? I'm trying to get hydrated not converted
b1jr8u	0	Do you need to be a student to play games at the esports center?
dro77d	0	My midterm is tomorrow and I forgot but I’m on vacation. Can I take it remotely while I’m out of town?
6wftqg	0	I will be taking CE16 this upcoming fall. Besides from doing "well" in the course, how could I impress u/slugstructor? I don't want to be "that guy" who is trying to raise their hand at every opportunity, ya feel? I know I could have just pm slugstructor, but nah! **Note:** This is meant to be lighthearted and not just me trying to suck up to a professor. I just remember how slugstructor mentioned to ride in with a hoverboard to Long's lecture. What lame or interesting (or goofy) things should I attempt on the 1st day of lecture? I'm just trying my best to not fit in >.<   N-notice me!
i353r3	0	Just wondering what made y’all choose UCI
i8x8k9	0	I was admitted to UCD for the fall and just wanted to get an insight on how good the dating scene at Davis is, so I’ve come to ask my fellow Redditors. Are people opened to dating? Does your major affect the gender ratio in classes? Any info will be greatly appreciated :)
q785s	0	Hi r/ucsd! I'm looking for someone to rent the other bedroom in a 2BR/2BA apartment in UTC. It's a really nice place (new carpet, wood floor kitchen, granite countertops in kitchen/baths, stainless steel appliances) and rent is $930/mo, plus half of the utilities (usually ~$70). The room is 11'x12' with a walk-in closet, patio, and you get your own bathroom right next to it. The kitchen is fully stocked and the living room is fully furnished.  It's at La Jolla Village Drive and Lebon, giving easy access to 5, 805, and 52. There's a bus stop at the corner that goes right to UCSD, and it's about a 7min drive to Sorrento Valley. The complex has a great pool, hot tub, and grill. There's also a fitness center, and a club house that can be rented out.  It's available ASAP, and the lease goes to August. PM me if you're interested!
mjowdl	0	Occasionally I see people post snippets or screenshots of their lecture recordings on this sub or elsewhere.   You should stop, for 2 reasons:  1) It opens you up to not only a student conduct case but also potentially a legal copyright case. Your instructors are sharing their lectures only with the registered students in the course. They own the copyrights to their lectures, it is very likely illegal for you to publish these, and they would be in the right to pursue this case.  2) Just like you expect your professors to respect your privacy, you should respect theirs as well. If you have ever felt uncomfortable with the idea of, say, a recording of a proctored exam or Lockdown Browser, and if you'd feel uncomfortable with that recording of yourself being published online, remember your instructors are regular people too who probably have similar privacy concerns of their own.
gux0g1	0	Where do I find out about protests to join in on? I haven't been able to find any, and I've been staying inside due to COVID (or maybe also depression, anxiety, and introversion) so I find out about them the next day on Twitter.  I really want to do what I can and be vocal. Being silent is being complicit.  But I'm too incompetent and dumb.... Help?   \#BlackLivesMatter #GoBears #SupportMarginalizedPeers
4lixyc	0	Some of my friends are in colleges where in between the last day of instruction and finals theres a week where you are supposed to "study". None of them study and thus get lower scores relative to their peers that do study than what they would have gotten (and thus fall behind the curve). I know for a fact that I would be one of those people who did not study. Heres my thanks to UCSD for not allowing my lazyness to get the better of me too much.
akwrfb	0	I asked a club and they told me that they would no longer read my stuff. I asked a female friend and she said the prose was good. Another said that my lexicon was good. Any guidance is appreciated.
fx58pf	0	Okay, so I have a strong belief that because I had an awful time during high school and of course in this room of mine, every single time I come back here I just don't get any motivation. I lay in this bed and don't feel any need to do anything, eat anything, or to talk to anyone. I step a foot in this room and it sucks the life out of me, its a simple spell but quite unbreakable until I make it back to campus. So once I found out I would be doing all of the Spring quarter here, I just about lost my mind. It's only the start of week 2 and I've already missed 3 zoom discussions/lectures because I either overslept or just was a potato and couldn't process anything let alone my academic obligations. On top of that, I don't even have a fucking desk to do any work and the kitchen table is just not an option so for some reason because of this I can't muster up the energy to take out my notebook and do notes or practice problems in bed, thus I haven't done any homework, or anything productive for that matter, in the past 3 weeks. If you have read this far then you probably noticed I'm not having a dandy ol' time in this quarantine as an introvert should. I feel like a potato. Fuck this quarantine.  Thanks for listening.
1eyjz4	0	Hey so I'm officially your President now (I was President-Elect until yesterday).  I've been trying to get a successful one of these going to field some questions from you all about anything in general.  I am pretty adept at this point on every issue area at the university or know where to get an answer for you quickly.   Some possible points of discussion could be:  - Structure/functions of Associated Students - UC System Wide Issues (like budget and online education) - Student services at UCSB - Capital improvements/development - Housing and Residential  - Basically anything  I really want to be available for you all!
3dw8ep	0	I am looking to chat and talk to future friends. PM if you interested in making acquaintances and hope-to-be hang out buddies =D
s9wi1b	0	I'm on the executive board for Associated Graduate Students (the graduate student government). We were NOT consulted about the decision to return to in-person instruction. The ASUCI executive board also was not consulted.  The University's statement that "The decision to proceed was based on broad consultation with the community, including ... student government leadership" is extremely misleading (verging on falsehood).  Just want y'all to know that although the University is trying to use student leaders to justify their decision, AGS and ASUCI were not consulted. AGS and ASUCI will be issuing a joint statement to call out the University's misleading statement and to raise some concerns we have with their decision.
p5t157	0	With an average of 12,177 new cases a day over the past week, and 31 deaths a day just in California alone, I don't think returning to campus is a smart idea simply so UCI can make money.   source: [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/education/2020/08/17/covid-cases-college-fall-semester-tuition/5591245002/](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/education/2020/08/17/covid-cases-college-fall-semester-tuition/5591245002/)
4deg7p	0	Tritons 4 Trump will be having its first meeting later this week!   If there are any fellow undergraduates & Trump supporters who would be interested in meeting weekly this quarter to discuss the election or watch campaign rallies and debates, please send me a private message or post in the thread. I will get back to you within a day. Thanks!
fhonwy	0	I missed my appointment this morning at student health...on the website and in a text they sent it says that I’ll get charged $55 for a missed appointment fee even though I have GAP, where do they charge this to and can I dispute it?
1j8vsd	0	I will be starting in the fall and I hope to find some like-minded people. I know that Santa Cruz is known for being very liberal and I appreciate many aspects of what that means. I would love to be able to discuss economics and politics with some new Slug friends. I would also like to not feel like a complete outcast.  tl;dr: Looking for libertarians @ UCSC.
nwx3u2	0	I would have to choose one of these courses in 2021 fall. Could anyone plz share your experiences with these courses? which one would you recommend?  cs111 MAJUMDER, A.  cs115 ZHAO, S.  cs132 JORDAN, S.  cs134 CHEN, Q.  cs141 KLEFSTAD, R.  cs151 DUTT, N.  cs169 MJOLSNESS, E.  &#x200B;  ty!
q30cfa	1	Basically, long story short, my mom checks my phone so I'm tryna get sum female action old school style if y'know what I mean fam. I was wondering if there are clubs or strategies to get chicks in Berkeley that don't require phone use. Also if you're a girl, you can pm me if you're interested. Thanks ;)
fawfom	0	An attack on one, is an attack on all of us. We could care less about your entitled ass hippy culture shit and cause. We work hard... very hard to the point we dont eat, sleep, or even remember to shower. You crossed the line and we do not accept your bullshit apology of "we didnt know better".
2di6i4	0	I have a 3.6 GPA, a 1900ish sat score, started my schools pro choice club, and am the captain of the mock trials tram. I am highly liberal (now anyway), and I'm looking at a political science major.  In terms of me I'm somewhat introverted, enjoy a smaller, tight knit group of friends to a large crowd, but still like being around lots of people when I'm doing something I like. I'm sorry if this is totally the wrong place for this.
rmmtan	0	Many UCLA students don’t have hundreds of dollars to spend on a new flight or hotel because the admin has decided at the last minute to not give us access to our dorms, which we’ve already paid for.  If they were truly focused on stopping the spread of COVID, they would pay for these adjustments. Instead, many people will be staying with friends in their dorms, since that’s their only option - making the problem worse.  Not to mention that there were zero cases of covid transmission in a classroom last quarter (as UCLA so proudly told us last week), so to stop covid we’re moving classes online and forcing people to stay in the dorms - where masks aren’t required and most covid transmission happens. Everyone knows there will be tons of dorm parties these next two weeks.  Who came up with this plan?? The incompetence of these people is astounding.
mdbyu7	0	Major: psychology (alternative major: linguistic and psychology)  GPA: 3.94  TAP: certified  Major prep: completed  GE requirements: completed  Personal statement: not super good  I have been feeling so nervous the past few days because UCLA is my dream school and I worked very hard for it. May I please ask how big of a chance will UCLA admit me? Both majors work! I love both majors equally! Thank you so much guys!
reds9i	0	This is basically the only sub I've consistently browsed and been a part of for the past 5 years. Ngl its pretty depressing in here and often cringe but for some reason it felt good to feel a part of the grander davis community. I'll be leaving both the city and the sub behind me (I hope) but I just wanna say bye to all the goons that were here for the ride since 2017. Congratulations Regina!
ssjh7i	0	Does anyone else find it hilarious when single UCLA girls feel the need to post on Instagram about how they're fine being single on Valentine's Day? If you were really so unbothered about being single, why post and make it public for everyone to see?
3c1uil	1	 I want to go to the largest fraternity with the douchiest guys.  thanks FAM
n7d6la	0	 Hello everyone,  I recently got admitted into UCSB for pre-Economics, but I have a few concerns:  1- How math-heavy are econ classes in UCSB, I am VERY bad at math and the only thing I can do confidently is probably calc-1 level derivatives, and that probably as far as I can stretch. Idk how good I am in stats because I've never taken stats but yeah...  2- How rigorous would you say econ classes are in UCSB?  3- For current econ majors/ alum would you say you would have rather enrolled in another college? My current options are SDSU or UCSD (other than UCSB).  4- I am an international student so my estimated yearly cost is 60k for UCs and 45k for SDSU would you say it's worth paying this much for the econ program in UCSB or should I go for the cheaper option in SDSU?
hbojqg	0	This senseless crime is a devastating loss to his family and to the Cal community.  This was a heinous act of violence on an innocent person.   I didn't know Seth Smith but reading posts from those who knew him all shared the same sentiment  - he was a kind, brilliant, talented, funny, compassionate, accomplished, great guy.    I hope they find the person(s) involved with this crime.  His mother is determined to get answers for her son's murder and I hope she gets them soon.  She set up a tribute page for her son and would love to encourage our Cal community to leave a little note for their family.   This could've happened to any of us.  [$50K reward offered](https://www.berkeleyside.com/2020/06/18/50000-reward-offered-to-help-solve-murder-of-uc-berkeley-student)  [Tribute page for Seth Smith](https://www.forevermissed.com/seth-thomas/about)
f8eeqk	1	You’re telling me they held out for two weeks, broke the campus for two weeks, got the approval of Bernie Fucking Sanders, and then gave up? What the fuck? They fucked with us undergrads for two weeks—on top of fall’s grades—and then gave up? What the fuck was the point of this whole thing then?
mdhyyj	0	It was rough but it feels so good to finally be done. I can’t wait for all of you to experience this!
eu35y7	0	I was thinking about minoring in computer science in the future because I feel as if coding would be a valuable skill to have. The problem is that my coding experience is almost nonexistent, other than the five Khan Academy Javascript exercises that I did back in my senior year of high school. Not only that, but the class is a huge pain to get into by itself, and even if people do get in, I heard that it is PURE TORTURE, almost like a weeding class. What are my options? What do you guys recommend?
58efnv	0	hi, y’all! I hope your quarters are off to a nice start.  anyway, at the beginning of the term I opted for substance-free housing, but it would seem that my request wasn’t honored. I’m very uncomfortable with the alcohol my roommates have in the apartment because of its behavioral consequences for them (and their guests, who are usually members of the opposite sex and trundle around the apartment at 1am). of course, a SF environment is no guarantee against this stuff, but ya.  does anyone have experience with switching rooms on this basis, and is it even possible to do this before the year is up? :) if so, I would love to hear what’s gone on with that.  thank you! :) :)  tl;dr - opted for SF-housing, didn’t receive it, life at the apartment is disruptive, and I’m wondering what can be done.
amy5gf	0	I just found out I am graduating early and have a lease on a room at campus entrance. I don't want to pay for 6 months of rent when I am not living there. Anyone interested in subleasing the room? I can make it to Science hill in 15 minutes by bus. I've attached the basic description I posted on other sites. Pm me if interested. Will be available on 3/26/19. I apologize if this breaks the subreddit's rules, nothing in the guidelines mentions this kind of thing.   Sublease that can be renewed for next year. Room for sublease has attached private bathroom complete with tub and shower. Room can house one or two people. Looking for clean, respectful, and courteous housemates for house with other UCSC students. Has downstairs common area and kitchen complete with modern appliances (including gas stove). Pets are allowed on a case by case basis but there is an additional $500 deposit. Located at base of UCSC campus next to multiple bus stops and park/dog park. Amenities include dishwasher, washer/dryer, central heat (downstairs), garage parking, and swimming pool access. Rent is $1837/month with a $475 deposit. Room does not come furnished.  &#x200B;  [https://imgur.com/a/i59Ew68](https://imgur.com/a/i59Ew68)
2hwjxq	0	Like the title says where can I find a place to play basketball at UCI, and where are the empty places, and the busy courts located at?  Thank you
s46emw	0	Ok. This situation is just jading. We are most likely going to end up online anyway, but there’s this uncertainty that keeps me from focusing on my classes and gives me a lot of anxiety. Does anyone else feel the same way? Can we just petition to stay online for the rest of the quarter and get it over with? Petition link: https://chng.it/qvHn85LkXR
ey0i5s	1	Ever since he smoked last year, all he does is consume marijuana. He has become a habitual user and I am worried for his sake and my own as well. He is up to one weed a day and there is no sign of him stopping. He is always eating pizza and I get jealous. What should I do?
hlfp8l	0	It would be nice not having to text my friends to come down and open the door for me when I'm visiting. And sometimes I just wanna study in a different lounge or check out the building.  Reslife why??? If a student was up to some sketchy shit they would be able to get inside ANYWAYS by standing there waiting 30 seconds for someone to open the door.
i7zkln	0	I just got an email about Aggie Orientation. It says “Participation in Aggie Orientation is mandatory for all new students. The fee to participate is $350 for commuters and $480 for residential students (meals & housing included) which covers all three parts: Aggie 101, Aggie Advising and Aggie Orientation.”  Why am I required to pay this much money for a meeting on Zoom? My parents are currently struggling financially and I would rather not pay this amount of money. I’ve asked people if orientation is important, and they said orientation is useful to learn how to use schedule builder, oasis, and my degree, but i already know how to use them. I have also spoken to an advisor so I don’t need that either.  What will happen if I choose not to register for orientation? Thanks.
mbz9di	0	ochem 8b grades just got posted and I ended the class with a C- which is passing. However I plan on applying to PA school and they require classes to be passed with a C. Is there anyway to retake the class? Maybe CC? Any info or help is appreciated lowkey stressing about grades/gpa this quarter was rough
fditon	0	Please join me in r/ucsccola to restart a constructive discourse and in r/uscsstac to vent our frustrations regarding the COLA movement.
7lee3d	0	basically what the title says ^^ all honest and truthful opinions please! im currently a junior in high school, and im thinking about majoring in biology or psychology... but im thinking of pursuing a career as a therapist. like psychotherapy, and possibly CBT. my gpa (as of now) is 4.2 and my highest SAT score is 1440. the most recent SAT i took (the November one) i flunked so bad... did soooo bad on math section. :/ SAT math is challenging for me in general... i would really like to know what a majority of UC schools look for in its applicants, except obviously the admissions process will differ by each school, and probably changes each year.
kctijr	0	I forgot what time it was until I heard a chorus of people suddenly scream "FUCK" from around my apartment complex. Somehow the reminder than I'm not alone in this miserable quarter is motivating me. Good luck on your finals everyone!
cz9rne	0	What company or crew do you use to clean your apartment? How was your experience?
rhiw53	0	Hi everyone, my grades were finally posted and I got a Y (I think Yes for pass) in one of my classes. But I didn’t request a pass or no pass in that class, I wanted a letter grade. Should I email him to give me a letter grade?
b2240d	0	Our team gets revenge by demolishing Cal State Fullerton 92-64. Team effort but Collin Welp and Max Hazzard dominated them!  This will be the second time in school history that we made the tournament. We made it in 2015 but lost by two points to the defending champions, Louisville, in the Round of 64. We were really close even with Louisville having two NBA players (Terry Rozier/Boston Celtics and Montrezl Harrell/LA Clippers).  Go Anteaters!!!
57pv6w	0	I was debating/discussing this with my roommate yesterday. Obviously Crown is Ravenclaw, and I also maintain that Stevenson is Slytherin and Cowell is Gryffindor, but I'm undecided about the others. Thoughts?
167epq	1	Having some trouble meeting new regular (daily/weekly) tokers (I know maybe 4) Or even anyone who smokes in general. Anyone want to hangout, we can chat a bit, I just realized I sound like a cop. I'm a male living on campus.   If there happens to be any others who favor herbs, and baking, let me know, and we can get together and talk about our common interests while doing legal things.
i7d6lh	0	Hi, I'm a newly admitted undergrad student to UCI for the fall quarter of 2020. I read about majority of fall quarter classes being online and I figured if the rest of the year are gonna be mostly online classes, I might as well just take them at a JC.  Now let's say I'm notified later on that the winter quarter will include more in-person classes. Could I transfer to UCI after the fall quarter at a JC?
qik0oh	1	To the biker I almost hit this morning in downtown Davis who glared at me. It's called a stop sign. You're supposed to stop. Especially when blowing through it puts you within 10 feet from the hood of a car making a left turn. Please don't give me the stink eye for your inattention to traffic signals.   Thank you.
en49mm	0	I am a girl and I transferred here last quarter. I met some people that seem nice but aren’t interested in going with me to a party. I usually spent most of my weekends last quarter working outside of Santa Barbara area or studying and I have never been to a frat party. I have been to plenty of parties before but always with a group of friends. I am also getting pretty tired of sitting in my room doing nothing and I know I am going to be too busy later on in the quarter to go. Literally the only thing I know about frat parties is from last quarter with all the sexual assault emails we got so I am a bit more hesitant to go.  Any words of wisdom, tips or tricks?
4yfgi5	0	Hey so I'm an incoming freshman and I'm debating whether or not to rush. I just wanna know the importance of going Greek to get into parties. (I'd probably only go out 1-2 nights a week.)  EDIT: And I'm a guy.
a7kskc	0	Are grades due December 19th at midnight, and if so, is this guaranteed that all class grades are gonna show up? I still have 3 classes whose grades have not been posted yet and just want to make sure they will show up... thanks guys!
