853	1	as someone who's obviously bias, giddey has no chance. mobley is probably going to be all defensive 2nd team this year. he deserves 2nd place though.
837	1	i often have my lens cap on when i'm trying to shoot. :(
281	2	those landfills aren't gonna fill themselves.
576	1	that's the scariest part. 6 years ago i got absolutely wrecked head on by a drunk guy driving without a license, this guy hopped a 4 foot tall median in an f350, which spun his truck sideways, his truck then continued it's sideways trajectory, totalled my car (f350 vs honda civic) and sent me to the hospital. you just don't know if or when that moment will happen that will completely change your life. luckily i'm still okay, but i remember the slow motion effect of witnessing my life potentially getting completely destroyed.
209	2	sounds like a whole lot of stress for someone recovering from surgery, after just donating an organ. tantamount to abuse, what a system.
610	2	only a few messages where we talk about the trip planned for him to visit on facebook. . one blurry photo. that's it. it was 4 years ago, so old messages were lost from old phone.
933	1	"i mean this is textbook stuff, it's not like he accidentally disclosed a fed secret and was forced to ""admit"" anything, and now at long last, the cat is out of the bag."
726	1	they are in spectator mode i guess
48	1	i love his struggle of being curious and afraid at the same time. cute little fella!
986	2	i know, right? my pokemon takes a nap and i just want to sit next to them and pet them. and while we're at it, why can't i send my pokemon out in my own goddamned house??? ... i just wanna sleep with them next to my bed.
338	1	well, if he can get his hands on a 3050, bless him lol. or any good gpu really. that said, if his kid wants to go ham on mods, she will likely need some extra juice.
582	1	my dad was with the usda when this happened, the meat companies swore that putting in a window was physically impossible to do, it would destroy the structural integrity of the packaging.
156	1	think we got a prime tomahawk from costco for $55 couple years ago. $55 between three people was so worth it.
693	1	agreed because it's been proven women's soaps, deodorants, etc are more expensive than mens.
863	1	nothing derpy about that, clever dog!
791	1	i don't know with regard to animals but in humans it's called colostrum.
573	1	because of course they didn't.
242	1	this is so lovely! i'm just now starting to learn to tig weld and can appreciate how difficult this must be. is there a way to preserve the rainbow color and/or are you gonna patina it?
993	1	that's not student debt cancellation at all.
789	1	ngl that duck do be looking dapper
981	1	this is so cool! did you make that border yourself?
499	1	turns out people do nice things for you when you are consistently nice. huh, maybe someone should tell the menfolks. ok, but snark aside, this was heartwarming :)
108	2	so you've one part of your body that's warm, tanned and in perfect comfort? actually; don't answer.
768	1	favourite fast food: all of them
840	1	would there be any reason not to?
932	1	this is quite literally the definition of fiat currency, and as elementary as it can get. he's not so much admitting anything as he is explaining some basic fundamentals on how modern currency works.
301	2	this sucks, i have 2 of these that work flawlessly on another note, anyone interested in purchasing some vintage tech?
387	1	thanks for posting!
491	1	my stepfather is just like you. he gets so much stuff because he's always connecting with people and helping them out. for example a new guy who had just been hired at his job was talking about needing to move fast because of a bad situation with a roommate but not having the means to rent a truck yet. my stepfather connected him with a friend he knew had an available room and proposed his truck to help the guy move. it turned out that new guy was the nephew of someone high up in cirque du soleil, so my stepfather gets a lot of their discarded equipment offered to him, like tents, industrial washing mashines, etc. he also gets free eggs from an old lady he met at the vet and who was sad she wasn't able to bring back her recently deceased dog to bury him on her land because she wasn't quite strong enough to dig a hole anymore. he brought back the dog and they became friends. she even made my baby a lovely quilt when my mom told her i was pregnant with my first.
919	1	up north here that's probably 75 bucks worth of steak.
50	1	i could never be a wild lifer photographer, because they are instructed to not interact with said animals. how am i supposed ro ignore sure cute little thing like this?
217	1	"> ""it's a play, it's meant to be seen."" that's a great analogy. i've never thought about the relationship between plays and comics. movies vs. comics as a kind of storyboard, sure, but not plays necessarily."
888	2	wondering how much effort and time was putted in this video
74	2	it seems like the biden team has been playing putin's game well. they called him out on his plans. i think they were fully aware that announcing putin was planning to invade today would lead to putin refusing to invade ukraineat least for the time being.
126	2	a man's gotta have his principles after all.
566	2	fascism is okay when it's their guy.
263	1	thats crazy - considering andromeda is fairly big at 220,000 ly across.. and this one is 16.3 million ly across
718	1	r/becauseitwasstaged
597	2	my asian parents disowned me for peeling plastic
670	1	service animals are so interesting. another redditor posted a video of a sheep herder talking about the different dog jobs and different behaviors of each animal. so wierd that different dogs are born knowing different jobs in the same farm
310	2	>***metaverse gamers*** crashing into furniture behind increase in home contents claims, says insurer aviva >the trend of crashing into furniture while in ***the metaverse*** provoked a 31% jump in ho- could you ffing not? that isn't a real thing and won't be for the foreseeable future. this buzzword simplifies vr/ar landscape to the point where all it does is creating more confusion for people that doesn't know how vr/ar works. it also feeds into the creation of more misinformation and/or scams when it's combined with current nft craze.
804	1	Can you pass food to each other without it breaking import laws?
878	1	absolutely gorgeous color
849	1	i think the other news reporter was trying to hide a grin
581	2	translation: that might hurt our bottom line so we will make up whatever bs to try to stop it
865	2	boop the snoot
448	2	you are lucky i dont have my pun hammer on hand today.
485	1	omg i love them so much d:
419	1	"gunn will write and direct every s2 episode james gunn: >""creating 'peacemaker' has been one of the true highlights of my life, both professionally and otherwise, with john cena and the incredible creative team around me, as well as our partners at hbo max. to have something we all love so much be loved by the audience in turn has been a wonderful experience. i can't wait for folks to see where team peacemaker goes in season two!"" john cena: >""learning about and eventually becoming #peacemaker was an exercise in exploring the fun and absolutely genius mind of james gunn. it's been a privilege to work on this show and with the cast, crew and hbo max team. elated to say we'll be back to create more peace for season 2!"" the s1 finale airs tomorrow!"
148	1	*my* clue is pointing in *that* direction!
557	1	"i'm a beginner in olympic weightlifting working with a coach at a gym that's basically a powerlifting gym on one side, and a weightlifting gym on the other. we were doing some snatch complexes when this dude walks over to me. i seen him before, he's by far the strongest lifter out of all of us on the weightlifting side of the gym, after my set he walks over to me and my coach and goes, ""you're starting to look real good out here man, keep it up"" it was a very nice feeling to have someone who has obviously put so much time and work into their sport, come over and sort of welcome me into their world. i believe a gym atmosphere like that is a big part of what keeps people coming back"
324	1	Unlimited data gang
38	2	>so, according to riot, despite over 100 women being paid out due to sexual harassment and gender discrimination in assignment, delegation of duties, and promotions, there isn't a systemic problem. lmao what
587	2	looking through a window designed for the purpose of checking the meat is a lifehack?
439	2	the only thing to stop a bad killer robot is a good killer robot.
410	1	i would even say that stoics try to learn from criticism rather than that they try to ignore it. marcus aurelius famously even surrounded himself by people that often didn't agreed with him, because this way he would be triggered daily to reflect.
53	1	it was a massive hit in california too, although it took longer to reach us it was still a top 10 and you couldn't go anywhere in 97 without hearing it.
600	1	i could barely afford to watch this video.
688	1	if anything, urf's constant fighting means he should get form way sooner
880	1	my man's over here bathing dark souls bosses.
717	1	because then he can't hold it over her head when he wants something
244	2	i think they're off killing jedi.
132	2	*not that dumb!*
563	3	will you be retracting this comment now that the shooter has been detained?
220	1	this was definitely discovered by a scientist who wanted to read graphic novels while at work.
96	2	obesity in the us is out of control. when you in your 20s and 30s you're not expected to have heart problem if your not overweigh.
809	1	i do now!
83	1	wow quite the career jump for him. nice revival roles for him and josh hartnett even if their roles are small.
697	3	you don't deserve to be hydrated unfortunately
307	2	a pity this only applies to the us and not where i'm from. would love an external ssd for storing games that doesn't cost a fortune.
957	1	wow. there's no wall in my house big enough for an 85' television!
145	1	you're a real smooth criminal.
1000	1	I love this movie. Perfect.
416	2	**do you really wanna, do you really wanna taste it**
549	1	not really. in the slavic east, those kinds of expressions have been in popular vernacular since ww2. even kids use them.
5	3	reddit as a brand new user today is an absolutely horrible experience. if this is what the site looked like when it was originally launched it would have never taken off.
705	1	i don't see the negative. is this supposed to be negative? is money a bad thing?
708	1	no promises there either
144	1	for some reason i can't explain, i know saint peter won't call my name.
270	1	"""i have a foreboding of an america in my children's or my grandchildren's time when the united states is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness. the dumbing down of america is most evident in the slow decay of substantative content in the enormously influential media, the 30-second sound bites (now down to 10 seconds or less), lowest common denominator programming, credulous presentations on pseudoscience and superstition, but especially a kind of celebration of ignorance."" \- also carl sagan"
927	2	some of these comments are scary. like have people heard of rsv? it ain't just covid overrunning pediatric er's right now. what may be a runny nose for one kid is a stay in the pediatric icu for another kid who may have been perfectly healthy before. you can't play around with stuff like this!
480	1	"definitely have a talk with them without her there sometime, though. you know, establish boundaries and all, the good parent stuff. ""no scaring her past midnight on school nights"", for instance."
285	1	not after the reddit hug of death!
890	1	this is a masterpiece
952	1	what's infuriating here? i think you just lack humor, op.
295	3	if you believed that jfk jr. was going to rise from the dead to pronounce that donald trump is actually the president again, you're a dumbfuck. i'm sorry that you found out your family members were stupid, but that's what they were.
951	1	that mustve sucked seeing all that work setting up just to have that happen
14	2	or maybe dude just took a picture of the car? what good would a qr code that links to a picture of the parking job be to the person who finds that on their car, where it was parked poorly?
706	1	it's hard enough staying alive
516	1	activision was considered a fairly safe bet at the time, the dip had already occurred, the scandals were blowing over and the shares were rising steadily and expected to eventually get back to around their original price. that doesn't take someone who knows a lot about tech, it takes someone with basic business knowledge and access to lots of funds they can accept a relatively small risk on. a billion dollars isn't even an eight of a percent of berkshire hathaway's current assets, this is the type of deal they have to make fairly regularly to keep their money going around.
752	1	i'm still happy with my asus 2070 super 2 years later..it can handle anything i've thrown at it.
357	1	it would those countries' leadership and enforcers, on paper. the list will be assembled by the president and a group of advisors, so we'll see if they have the guts to include the leadership.
122	3	i just want to see trump in prison for the rest of life personally. putin on the other hand i'd like to see dragged by horse down a gravel road until his head falls off.
622	2	the world is an asstray.
910	1	That's some serious comedic talent in one short clip.
896	1	he's just treasuring the moment before he murders them in cold blood.
984	1	to be honest, overqwil is such a cool name
473	1	great read! good luck with your new life in the modern age. just fyi tide pods may look delicious but they're not good for you. depending on your grandson that information may not have been included with this particular body.
478	1	awwww i like them. they seem very nice. i'm sure they haven't seen a being like her in a while.
864	1	so what is the temp? is it closer to colder or closer to warmer?
956	2	there's so much wrong with this order
296	1	it's not a doc at all. just a short news interview.
730	2	look how north korea turned out
379	2	"that's actually hilarious. arabs and turks are like ""wtf, the one chance at diversity in germany and we get left out..."""
642	2	what if she considers the president as her god?
754	1	i can take it off your hands in exchange for my trusty 2070 super
59	1	for me, it's that thing you do by the oneders. (also groove is in the heart)
799	1	it's o r g a n i c
372	3	y'all bullied this man so bad he went and redid the whole thing
272	1	i love it, alot of people hate it. i think big air skiing and snowboarding is made for cool city venues like this. the only thing that would make it better is if they had the panda mascot bing dwen dwen under the olympic rings
975	1	bro watched one episode of greys anatomy and can now diagnose anyone with a detailed list of injuries.
170	1	I've always wondered, even within people who can see faces fine, we very often get cases where one person perceives two faces to be very similar, but to someone else they really don't. Is that explained by difference between how we perceive/process faces? Like each of us being partially faceblind to some subtle cues and not to others?
240	1	"our forearms, the area between the elbow and the wrist, need to be able to rotate, like when we are turning a door knob. another way to think of this motion is pronation (making your palm face downwards) vs supination (making your palm face upwards). an ""armcap"" or elbow cap would get in the way of pronation/supination. the feet and shins do not need to rotate in this way, we are unable to make our toes point behind us for example, therefore it makes sense to have a more stable and rigid joint where the knee cap can act as a fulcrum or lever for more powerful movement."
208	2	it is literally designed to be inefficient and confusing.
359	1	we'll sell em rockets though
875	1	this is all to real for me here in michigan. last year my daffodils got a nice snow blanket after blooming beautifully. they survived.
601	2	"sorry but it's not 'curiousity' or 'wanting to know your thoughts' or broaching the topic when you bring up the subject by immediately requesting to have an open relationship. if you are in a long term monogamous relationship and come up to your partner one day saying ""hey, i kinda want to fuck other people, are you cool with that?"" you should be fully prepared for them to not take that request well. it doesn't matter if it wasn't a dealbreaker for her, because the request itself was a dealbreaker for you. you broke up with her and adequately informed her why, despite some people claiming you should have elaborated more or gave her 'closure.' it doesn't make you insecure or immature if you don't want to stay with her or have a big lengthy emotional break up."
510	1	what's a wash sale
435	2	how dare you suggest we stop growing so many almonds! how else will we get our milk. /s
586	1	is this really a life hack or just common sense?
35	2	id software: we don't need lore for doom players: omg what's the background lore with the slayer? is he the same as doomguy? who is this robot dude? what is going on??/
635	2	"my sil is the person in our lives with the ""must be nice"" or ""i don't know how you can afford it"" comments. she hasn't taken a holiday since her honeymoon over 10 years ago. it used to bother me but now my response is ""yea it is nice"" lol"
434	2	"i live in utah, the second driest us state behind nevada. my town has no metered water for ""secondary"" use, which is basically lawn use. i pay $130/year for effectively as much water as i can possibly use for my lawn. we need serious water use reforms in my state, and the west in general."
312	1	i already gave it to the post :) and thanks btw it's my first premium award
702	1	good for you, at least part of your day goes really well
476	1	huh, cool. i didn't realize monster's inc was based on a true story!
332	2	so you ate it about 3 hours ago, and they've miraculously cleared the bins after between 7-9pm. yeah, something doesn't add up.
474	2	i mean open your eyes dude what if this monster is the hottest succubus you could ever lay your eyes on
616	1	are you playing on a server? the server caps the render distance. even if you set your's higher, it wont have an effect. did you change the render- or simulation distance?
8	2	if they ever stop old.reddit that may be the day i actually quit, the new experience is so laggy on my tablet despite all this time
422	1	are you asking how to set a homepage?
267	1	"the ban on heliocentrism was largely because of galileo's writings being seen as contradicting scripture. the attack on copernicism in 1616 was prompted by galileo's writings. moreover, it made a number of invalid assumptions (including that the stars must be orbiting the earth because they don't appear to move, when in reality they are simply extremely distant and parallax is in fact a thing, though it wasn't measured for two centuries). in february 1616, the inquisition assembled a committee of theologians, known as qualifiers, who delivered their unanimous report condemning heliocentrism as ""foolish and absurd in philosophy, and formally heretical since it explicitly contradicts in many places the sense of holy scripture."" kepler figuring out that the planets had elliptical orbits in the 1620s pretty much was the realistic end of heliocentrism, and once newton's physical laws of gravitation were discovered by the late 17th century, there was a mechanism as well."
57	1	mark morrison-return of the mack
385	1	dan the automator is an american treasure.
184	1	this is a donkey kong country level and you can't convince me otherwise! great shot, what a beautifully red sun for such a clear looking day.
392	1	i heard a story that a bunch of sailors from iceland contracted the plague while in norway. their ship was supposed to sail back to iceland, but the sailors chose to stay (and die) in norway rather than risk bringing it back to icelandic shores. the black death never reached iceland. (plague eventually got there but it was like 50 years later.)
872	1	wait dude what's happening here, did you plant the end bits and they took off? that's amazing, i'm gonna get the kids to try this. did you do anything specific like add some rooting hormone etc? or is is just straight in soil and water/wait?
201	2	"> i wonder how they tell the attacker's dna from the victims? dna analysis determines which samples are the victims & which are not. the dna which is not the victims is then used to compare to other samples in the criminal database. any confusion in the two samples would lead to questions for the processing lab. >uploading the victim's dna on purpose doesn't sound like something a reasonable person would do deliberately. you don't seem to be familiar with the us law enforcement's ""i don't give a fuck about women"" stance in regards to rape & sexual assault. the number of untested rape kits in the us is well over 100,000 but police don't keep accurate records to get the exact number. keep in mind that less that 35% of rapes or sa are even reported and reports about the dna of a victim being used to arrest her will make that number fall even further."
101	1	knock knock who's there? dishes. dishes who? dishes sean connery.
60	1	that entire first album of theirs is an unappreciated classic of late-90s alt. we've redeemed third eye blind, now where's the love for harvey danger, dammit?
495	1	yes, i'm following up with the phone company... i'm trying to find a lawyer that could take this pro bono, can't afford it otherwise
895	1	wow that neckbeard it's like a second jaw
147	2	what is an old jewish man doing selling masks in the middle of the afghanistan desert?
686	2	*please* go to church this sunday
397	1	"life must have been crazy before clocks. ""you're late. you were supposed to be here *before*."" ""sorry, i thought we were supposed to meet *later.* but since it's *now*, i'm actually early."""
894	1	he's just planning for the the spanish inquisition
317	1	the best way to reddit is by engaging in communities you love and have interest in. you find you get to know individual users, have funner or even deeper conversations, and engage (usually) in a more civil manner. the bigger subs are fun to check in once in a while and easily ignored when they're going off the rails which is usually once or twice a month. the biggest subs however are repost and crosspost city made only to draw in attention of the outsider, the potential user. /r/all is all about being a twitter/facebook hybrid for new users.
177	1	> it's 375 pages longer than any other book i've ever written and it took me two years to finish and i had to start over halfway through and it triggered an existential crisis yeah this guy's def a writer.
181	1	this looks like a windows 10 wallpaper lol
835	2	subject too dark :(
767	3	"oi mate, wot t' fock did you just say 'bout me, you little bitch? i'll 'ave you know i graduated top of me class in the sas, and i've been involved in numerous secret raids on the ira, and i 'ave over 300 confirmed kills, like. i am trained in gorilla warfare, and i am t' top sniper in the entire bleedin' sas. you are nothin' to me but just another target. i'll spark you t' fock out with precision t' likes of which 'ave never before been seen on this earth, mark me fockin' words, mate. you think you can get away with chatting all that shit to me over t' internet? think again, fucker. as we speak, i am contacting me secret network of spies across britain, and your ip address is being traced right now, so you better prepare for the storm, blud. t' storm that wipes out t' pathetic little thing you call your life. you're fockin' dead, man. i can be anywhere, anytime, and i can kill you in over 700 ways and that's just with me bare hands, like. not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat, but i have access to t' entire arsenal of the british armed forces, and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little shit. if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little ""clever"" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would 'ave held your fockin' tongue, ay? but you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying t' price, you bloomin' idiot. i'll shit fury all over you, and you'll drown in it. you're fockin' dead, mate."
20	1	"i asked a friend from high school about this and i still remember her answer. ""imagine waking up everyday and having constantly good looking hair. it's like that in 6 hours, 6 months, even year and you can shave your own hair blindfolded and it won't even matter"" i was like damn, she's right."
807	1	You're doing great work my friend!
69	1	remember that time when this meme came at you expectedly? yeah, it was today.
796	1	is a dogs milk similar enough to cats to provide proper nutrition?
454	2	this def doesn't seem unhinged at all, yeah. he seems entirely self aware here.
232	2	i had to put tape over the light on my phones car charger. it had a freakishly bright blue light on it and where the plugin was caused it to shine directly in my face while driving
617	2	burn them
54	1	this played in walmart the other day. i immediately did the neck wiggle. another dude saw and did it right back, much to his wife/girlfriend's horror.
247	1	american cavalry
914	1	very good , that was my favorite breakfast back when i was a kid !
710	1	"my friends and i pick a random day at the begining of each month and dub it""gilmer day"" last time we made a day gilmer day my friend got dumped, our power went out for a few hours and we got hit by a snow storm."
815	1	yeah i think i read it the same way as you. lol
24	1	dad is hvac, they apparently frequently don't hold a human weight either.
337	1	i love your daughter lol i wish i had her determination and strength.
571	2	we created a society so reliant on cars that drivers face basically zero repercussions. whats that saying? if you want to get away with murder, use a car?
812	1	is that a child's shoe
482	1	who forgot to play the music box
114	1	press the bomb
169	1	i'm a bit skeptical about this paper. they only show three figured, with no error bars nor statistic analysis, a couple of uninformative microscopy images of erythrocytes and a diagram apparently made with paint. the wording of their abstract is also pretty vague, and even claims that the only treatment that currently exists to reduce blood viscosity is aspirin... i'd love to read the full paper, but it was published in a very little journal to which my university has no subscription and it is not on sci-hub.
763	2	this whole short tall thing is completely out of hand lol
363	1	i did that and burned out due to constant stress about not knowing wtf i was doing. 4 months on and if i so much as hear the word 'work', my heart rate instantly doubles. so, ymmv.
698	2	"i still can't believe my generation has fallen into this corny ""back in my day"" shit already. watching people my age act like how boomers and gen x acted to me is bizarre"
731	1	for several reasons: previous hammers were purely political and can only come down if you have a solid congressional majority. because trump replaced enough of the top of the republican party with loyalists he will always be able to evade those hammers. this one is a completely different because it's a legal hammer. he was immune to legal hammers as president, but he's not president any longer. legal hammers routinely take 3-7 years to come down because if you try to go too fast then safeguards kick in and prevent it from coming down at all. trump has also spent his entire adult life stalling legal hammers for as long as possible. there were many times when drawing out the process for as long as possible and then hitting any loophole or deficiency in the system hard at the right moment he was able to get out of trouble. that's how he handled civil rights claims and property disputes and bankruptcy cases. he didn't come out unscathed but he came out better than he should have. he tried to do the same thing with the election. file all of the lawsuits, make the loudest noises, stall as much as he possibly could, and hit any ambiguous wording in the rules as hard as he could. it just didn't work. it also doesn't work in criminal cases. the rules and standards that he has spent decades mastering ways to frustrate and defeat aren't the same. so, trying the same things that worked before is probably going to go badly. there's also a very real chance that the northern district of georgia is going to file election interference charges in july. the process is slow because those are not easy charges to bring and it's georgia. but, that call to the georgia secretary of state has a very real chance at making him ineligible for office ever again.
544	1	as long as you're hearing bombs, you know it's not yours.
26	1	when one is coming right at you, it looks slower than it actually is, similar to a train. aaaand then it flies by and you realize it was *hauling ass* source: near-miss with an rpg, where i just looked at it dumbly.
290	1	my dad took a bite out of a decorative apple in a shop. when we tried to stop him he just spoke over us saying 'i'll pay for it at the end, they won't mind'. he did mind when he got a mouth full of weird green powdery foam.
198	1	did we just watch someone get snuffed out?
12	1	maybe she's just wondering why you're recording her.
989	1	to me 100% is completed pokedex, not shiny charm. but its debatable lol cause the 100% dex is really that long, shiny charm not so much
629	1	do they eat cockroaches too? let's bring these bad bitches to the east coast
234	1	the orbits of planets and moons *do* change over millions of years, but they'll still be orbiting around their respective primaries (stars and planets). for instance, the size of the moon's orbit around the earth is expanding about an inch per year. the l2 position is unstable. webb is orbiting around the sun, and it will continue to do *that* indefinitely, but it'll wander away from l2 without repeated corrections.
735	2	everyone on reddit acted like trump was mere hours from being arrested and dragged out of the white house every day of the mueller investigation, so yeah, maybe random reddit posts are not the best source of info on this topic.
656	1	an all out fire is pretty bad too.
243	2	im from europe and i cant help seeing something bad in this( something german)
277	1	wait thats actually where the ramp is?!!!!! bruhh i thought it was photoshop
78	2	putin got caught before the crime with red flag operations. thats why they still havent invaded - they trying to figure out new propaganda, for the invasion. let them ridicule. every extra day helps ukraine, not russia.
917	1	that's a shit ton of brussel sprouts
699	1	i think they hung out pretty regularly for 6 years before the movie deal, and jamal supported the family through the loss of wanda's husband lonnie. that seems like enough to justify the love people hold for them.
445	2	"""who am i speaking with?"" you say holding your bible in one hand and a crucifix in the other. ""identify yourself!"" the woman strapped to the kitchen chair stops convulsing and turns her eyes to you, glowing with an unnatural light. a loud sigh, reminiscent of a poorly tuned diesel engine escapes her lips. ""it's still shaggroth."" ""god dammit!!"" ""hey dude, not cool. you oughta know better "" you pinch the bridge of your nose and exhale loudly. ""yeah i know shaggroth. you're not helping!"" the woman's eyes stop glowing for a second. ""oh hi, i'm so sorry, it's melissa. i'm back again too."" you plop down in an adjacent seat mumbling to yourself, ""this doesn't make any sense. the incantation was perfect the vessel was primed....it should've worked flawlessly..."" shaggroth's rumble is back, ""what turning it off then back on again?"" ""she's not a fucking computer shaggroth! jesus christ!"" ""dude! not. cool."" ""gah! look hellspawn..."" ""hey!"" ""not you melissa!"" ""oh sorry."" ""okay, lemme run through this again. melissa, you acquired the vessel containing shaggroth at a antique store a few days ago right? ""i think so? the timing is a bit fuzzy honestly. i remember the store, and looking around. i saw the cute jar on a shelf..."" ""it's not cute! it is one of the finest possession traps crafted by the damned ever made!"" ""then why does it look like a kitten with a bow?"" ""shut up! it works okay?!?"" ""knock it off you two! melissa, please continue."" ""like i said i saw the kitten on the shelf, and all of a sudden there was a sharp pain behind my eyes. i remember swaying a bit, some flashing lights and people telling me to hold on.....oh! and then there was a long monotonous beep and i heard a voice say something about a intramural annual scrimmage. next thing i remember is being back home in bed."" ""intramural annual scrimmage? that doesn't make any sense. what would sports have to do...."" you stop mid sentence when it hits you. ""do you mean intracranial aneurysm?"" ""that's it! yes, that's what the floating voice said."" ""are you freaking kidding me?!?"" you scream as you throw the bible across the kitchen. ""whoa dude, i think you need to calm down. leave melissa alone."" ""can it shaggroth! the reason you stay in the body and melissa gets punted out every time i perform the ritual? she died at the exact moment you possessed her! she's not supposed to be in her body anymore. the ritual sees her as the demon and you as the rightful inhabitant."" ""so what does that mean?"" shaggroth and melissa ask at the same time. ""well honestly? i have no idea. that's above my pay grade. i'm sorry, at this stage i can't help you. here's the direct line to the spiritual inconvenience department at the vatican. hopefully they can help you. i'll be going now."" you undo the straps holding shaggroth/melissa to the chair and start gathering your holy items and return them to your case. on the way out you stop and turn, ""oh and here's your invoice. have a good day"". as you walk out of the house shaggroth/melissa stare at you slack jawed. just as you close the door you hear, ""wow, what a dick."" ""i know right? i am so leaving a one star review."""
595	1	i thought the water drops would switch places.
68	1	you're famous! congrats /u/shittymorph
90	1	"""when me and j were in nam."""
394	1	I watched a documentary on the ancient Polynesians. It kinda answered my question. Thanks!
155	1	when i was a kid i was one of the shortest and thinnest kids in my grade. when i was maybe 9 i went to a place called the hereford house and got the 32oz porterhouse. the table next to us and our waiter all remarked that the didn't know there all the steak went watching me eat with machine consistency. always cutting while chewing until no meat was left on the bone. after that i went for the fries soaked in steak juice only stopping for sips of coke. i guess what i'm saying is if 9yo me can eat 2% of my body weight in steaky goodness you should be able to eat half of that if you have the will power.
674	1	lmao he literally dug them a grave
418	1	yes, we do really want to taste it. excellent news.
300	1	applicance technician here. after looking back at the data on my 17 years of service calls for residential repairs, it looks like only ~30 of my calls were due to stuck stepsisters. stepmothers made up 45% of calls, but we almost always lost money on these as there were often no parts needed, but only labor. the remaining 25% of calls were for temperature sensor, or door sensor replacement. those were the real money makers. however, those also never lead to getting laid by a damsel in distress.
727	1	where is gender gas?
200	2	my claustrophobia just kicked in for the first guy
511	2	you know gates hasn't even been on the board of microsoft for years now right?
40	2	what does it run...i'm curious....looks like someone modelled frosting with green jello and left it in the fridge
207	2	"""ohh it's gonna cost another 10k to remove it don't worry i got my knife in the car, will be back real soon"""
531	2	does everyone remember 2 years ago when the price of a barrel of oil went negative for a little while because no one wanted to store it? good. glad we haven't already forgotten. opec's response was to drastically cut their oil production (something wild like 80% or more) and even this week refused to ramp back up. the oil producers and oil companies want this so they can make record profits again.
944	2	karma farming with three year old news.
447	2	"""you know and understand pain,"" tom speaks in a neutral tone distorted by the microphone, no word is accentuated more than another. he doesn't seem to register that you cannot answer, neither with your mouth or through gesture. ""in fact, no one knows pain better than you."" you're blindfolded, for your own psychological well-being. the world is easier in the dark than under the spotlight. you remember the white room, the smell of medical alcohol, the pricks of needles. it is still there. from the relative seclusion of your tank, you know tubes still enter your veins, can feel the rods in your back through the anesthetic. ""i readjusted the dosage, i hope you feel better,"" tom's voice goes in through a speaker, it is the only person speaking to you. the others think you can't hear them anymore, or rather, they convinced themselves you cannot. it's easier to go on with their job believing your consciousness is long gone, that your body lives without your mind. it wasn't for lack of trying, old scientists with glasses can be surprisingly creative when it comes to killing. first they gave you a drug and your heart stopped beating. they awaited the death of your brain for reanimation, this way they got to do science, not torture. then they decided to take over your vital functions one after the other, until your consciousness retreated forever in a dark corner. the tube in your nose gives you the oxygen, the tank both fully restrains and moves your limbs around to keep the flesh healthy. but your brain pulled through, so did your consciousness. torture became alright in the name of science and humanity. ""i heard south africa has pulled through, cape town and pretoria are still more or less functional. we will see the end of it, i promise we will,"" there, a hint of tearing up. not a single day goes by without you wishing for death. or what passes as a day in the dark, you lost the feeling of passing time and of yourself, except for pain. there. a burn, a bit, a sudden and violent tear, quickly soothed by the liquid going through your veins, and forgotten. ""i did it as fast as i can."" a life can be worth nothing, or it can be worthy enough to inspire a religion. yours is the only one that is both. when the dead rose, a group of scientists was quickly pointed out as responsible. they didn't deny it, science went wrong. you ran for your life like everyone did, you stumbled, you fell, and they gnawed at you, the vicious, rotten mouths... suddenly turning back to life. the first you saved were quickly eaten by the risen dead right behind them, and you would have died from blood-loss if it wasn't for the keen eyes of a child who witnesses the strange happenings from a distance. you're called a miracle from god. you, better than all, know there is no god. you knew from the moment the convicted scientists pointed out the facility used to create the virus was the only one with the machinery to keep you alive in a way to spread the serum to all the infected. ""i can't look people in the eyes anymore."" outside, they call the day you were carried to the underground facility a holy day, when you gave your life to save all of them. how many of them remember how you screamed and trashed against your chains? how many know the scientists working on you were the same who released the virus, believing to better mankind? it's easier to believe god intervened and forget the rest. belief. the tank, the drugs, the pain, all brought by someone else's belief. you lost yours long ago. here you are now. fed intravenously with substances made to help you grow the flesh back at a fast rate, a single being feeding billions of infected worldwide. ""it's going forward, one day it'll be over. it has to be. someone please tell me it will be,"" tom's voice sounds less robotic. you'd love to go insane or die, your idiot brain won't let you. they call you a martyr who will sit next to god. you wish for an afterlife to exist, if only to meet your zealots and show them how much you suffer. ""they grow restless. my colleagues. they know we'll only get to live for as long as we're needed. once it's over, there will be payback. it won't be pretty. we fear both the virus we unleashed and the end of it."" tom. you learned to pity the poor soul. he's the reason the group was spotted, he's the whistleblower, because he has a conscience, because he couldn't silence it. he can't ignore how you're still alive and thinking in there, it's his curse, just like miraculous flesh is yours. you're his morality pet. the kindness of words and voice he gives you is the only way to keep his tenuous grasp on sanity intact. it won't last long. you've heard him lose the soothing tone, the nihilism creeping into his words. for the rare times you hear his colleagues when they speak near the microphone, you know they are alright. they speak of everything and nothing, you're just an object with an assigned number. but tom, he has a heart, his sins weight on his shoulders. ""i'm thinking about you in there, okay? i won't forget you."" and that is why he's condemned to go insane in the end, the price to pay for empathy. from your tank, you can appreciate the dark irony. it's the only thing you can do."
483	1	the fnaf puppet ties it together
526	1	the midnight gospel doesn't get talked about enough
769	1	isn't he in nofx?
636	1	looking back from 70, you'll never regret the experiences you are having.
268	1	well, as i understand it there were kinda two stages to the galileo affair. first was the edict to stop teaching heliocentrism. that was partly based on supposed contradictions with scripture, but mostly because the evidence (mainly stellar parallax) was against it. then galileo kept writing about it and teaching it while painting the pope as an idiot, so they put him under house arrest. that second part was pretty much dumb politics, but the initial edict was mostly based on science
371	1	so this is what happens when the earth stops spinning, right!?
916	1	i know nothing about lebanese food, but damn that looks good
679	1	i blame (/s) jay for convincing me to try out custom loop water cooling. which is pretty scary. and became less scary because i am now imagining my pc as an expensive aquarium. no pressure. except when the pump has no pressure, that is bad.
838	1	"it's mainly film and development processes and calibration. look up ""shirley cards."" this meant that light skin tones would reproduce well, but dark skin tones were devoid of details. sadly, it were furniture manufacturers that complained most loudly at the time, because dark brown wood wouldn't render well on film and in print. a lot of photographers then, and also today, weren't trained in how to photograph darker skin tones. most advice still orbits around photographing light skin tones. this is still a problem with digital sensors, as those were initially also optimized for light skin tones, while anything dark would be lacking in detail. face recognition software still sometime isn't sufficiently well calibrated for detecting dark skinned faces."
968	1	eggs are cheap, nutritious, and keto approved. you can also use steamed veggies to bulk out a meal. depends on where you live but around me there are bags of frozen steamables for like a buck at walmart and kroger. big leafy salads are good for stretching your budget too. spaghetti squash is great too, you get a ton of food from one squash and you can use it very similarly to pasta. it doesn't taste the same but it's really good with a keto alfredo, chicken, and spinach or broccoli.
560	1	"the proper etiquette is to make the set an amrap and then, without looking at your pants, scan the room assertively and proclaim ""and that's how you hit depth"""
843	1	the cat did ask nicely though
569	1	they have been calling them rinos.
294	1	If you look at any comment section in a Reuters news post right now, especially about the war in Ukraine, you will see a whole host of people ostensibly from Ghana and Nigeria voicing their support for the Russian people and hatred for Western Europe and the US, as well as a bunch of people calling them out on it. It's so weird.
879	1	this is the same one, he's actually updating you with graduation pics
110	1	ha! just like the rest of my body
149	3	"""side"" what ""side"" do you think i'm on? because i hate a fascist shitbag who tried to overthrow the country? why don't you? why would you support someone who did that, and why do you think he shouldn't be in prison?"
100	1	and if you include overweight people it goes up to 68.4%. so nearly 7/10 american women are not at a healthy weight.
382	1	one time, i was playing at the neighbors house and we called the operator and asked if they can connect us to mary kate and ashley. she told us it was a private number and we would have to get in contact with their agent or manager.
346	1	i giggled once i found him
135	1	"""yea, i don't know man. go ask steve over there."""
545	1	I bet Chris is over the moon tonight, that show will have insane energy.
245	2	i wanna see the first 7 sisters.
136	1	also to learn. i've been in many situations where i am sure of the right answer, but listen and ask questions instead of explain. either i was wrong, or the person i was talking to had a neat strategy to come to the same conclusion.
591	1	it's the right typeface but the wrong font size.
159	1	looking forward to your submission on www.ratemypoo.com
460	1	best r/oldschoolcool post in recent memory
369	1	as a kid in hs, i used to be the top guy in the comment. but then i started hanging out with the special education kids at lunch and learned how wrong i was. now, as an adult i've spent my entire career working in special education classrooms across three school districts while working in mental health simultaneously and i love it. you really see how awesome these guys are, and how much harder life is for them, yet they still smile and push on. it changes you for the better. if you're a good human, you'll grow. if you suck, you'll double-down and never change.
839	1	always. with front caps if for nothing else, to not lose them. with back caps, i'm obsessive about taking care of the rear element and keeping dust away from the mount.
885	2	oh sorry to hear that. let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.
367	1	but comfort is comfortable
406	1	"it is a stretch to say that nature seeking an optimal state (minimum or maximum in terms of energy) is the ""best world"". the title is a bit misleading as one might think ""best world"" refers to what is best for life or humans."
947	1	i used to work with a few ad agencies. we did two web sites specifically for super bowl ads. each time budget was 10% functionality, 90% testing/infrastructure/scaling. with larger agencies this was expected (and they are not budget conscious). smaller agencies pushed back on and we actually rejected more than one project based on lack of understanding/willingness to pay for scaling.
426	2	great, can't wait for someone to start selling their work as nfts
928	1	"just to give you perspective from the other side, or maybe why daycares have this policy: my daughter was born when my son was 17 months old. my son was in full time daycare before i went on mat leave, since my husband and i work full time. my husband got 1 unpaid day off when each kid was born. we decided to keep my son in daycare half time, since i couldn't physically take care of him (lift him into his crib, etc) but couldn't afford full time while i was on leave. a parent sent their child to daycare with ""just a cold."" my son brought home ""just a cold."" what presented as ""just a cold"" in toddlers actually was meningitis and my 6 day old daughter was in the picu for a week, where we weren't sure if she would live. this was pre covid. i understand how frustrating it must be to have your childcare solution be changed at the last minute, but i'm so grateful for daycares that have this type of policy to protect those that aren't able to protect themselves. while it might seem annoying to have to work around your work schedule with a runny-nosed child, it is probably easier than managing a hospital stay with a newborn. so i get it - but there is another side."
912	1	my wife is lebanese. we thank you for including the mandatory orange drink
866	1	"he's saying ""what are you doing?"""
942	1	i still prefer static html for smaller projects, never breaks, never needs maintenance :)
51	1	you were better at sports
344	1	nice job - you nailed the lighting and overall tone!
187	1	1
816	1	ahh, had a completely different meaning for me
785	1	"kid - "" i thought i was the only one!"""
530	1	dude this show was such a vibe
185	1	"""hi! my name is cecilia and i live on svalbard an island close to the north pole"""
643	2	her thinking is so regressive that it went a full circle and now seems progressive
479	1	aw monster and prey to lovers
339	2	a 1080 is way above mid tier lmao
255	1	mushroom trip in the forest
818	1	interesting way for them to advertise that
286	1	future marine
678	1	i bought corsair aio and it died 2 days after the end of the warranty period. since then, only air cooling for me. simpler, cheaper and safer.
778	1	achtually, she's a 32971 year old demi-demon from another planet
830	2	normally wouldn't care, but i am not canadian so maybe i will send a few xmr just because their government says i can't.
551	1	this is especially true when you're new and trying to get into the habit of going to the gym. if you're having trouble going, even if you fire up a podcast and walk on the treadmill for half an hour, that's more than you would have done otherwise and you helped reinforce in your head that this time is gym time.
876	1	this is too funny! and oh so real. especially when you have a full week of spring-like days, then a sudden frost shows up out of nowhere with a vengeance.
825	1	except crypto doesn't solve the problem. sole individuals have pressured the three big pools in ethereum to block certain wallets (by not processing transactions from them). law enforcement has gotten tether to block hundreds of addresses on the ethereum block chain similarly. the issue that most crypto solves is double spending, not censorship.
983	1	"it didnt fit in my ""favorite of each type"" panel, but got really close to be on it. it has a really simple design and is kinda cute imo. plus i think it was kinda rare in hg/ss (i think you needed to get a call by a specific fisherman)"
180	1	i love that you have sex scores.
750	1	everybody fell into the booby trap of bad puns
227	1	nice try, op. cats are made of liquid! still, beautiful work.
929	2	"i say this as a teacher: i would not allow my child in a meeting with the bullies without my presence. i would not trust the potential manipulation and frankly the comments made at this point are far beyond the level a 7 year old should be dealing with. this isn't ""heather called me names"" this is a serious allegation that needs to be taken as such, not handled in a mediated conversation with an ap who is not trained in these types of conversations."
1	2	they should let the vote count on posts go negative so we could see how hated this announcement actually is.
634	2	i'd prefer to never have to go to ohio again
358	1	science is a scam, we can't see atoms so they don't exist wake up america /s
258	1	i was born left handed so jokes on you i had to be ambidextrous or risk death
224	1	hey i think there's a super easy way to fix the problem with cats getting past your beautiful gate. add an identical extra magnetic latch at the bottom. the cat was able to get enough leverage to break the magnet's grip because the rest of the door served as a gigantic lever.
494	1	"i didn't even get that, it was ""i see that ass!"". o.okay. good? i'm glad i don't have a transparent ghost ass? did you think i would want to jump your bones over that comment? jesus."
538	2	thanks for the both sides take from the account with a scrubbed history.
411	1	in his defense, he's lost a lot of blood
696	1	yeah can we just call this a shitpost (or shitweet) and pretend we never bothered reading it?
70	1	"""....hey babe! i have an idea for the next time we host game night."""
973	1	Lol I love how the girl in the middle takes a bite out of the fruit and puts it back in her friends drink
907	3	shitty human vibes
7	2	bruh they couldn't even help themselves when they made reddit silver a real thing you could buy after people sarcastically used it as a 'reward' in comments
661	2	why. if children know what to do when they see a gun, then the odds they do something stupid are significantly reduced. in a perfect world people are responsible and keep guns locked in safes where children can't get them but does this world look perfect.
667	2	do american realise this shit is only normal to them?
56	1	wait that song made it out new zealand? crazy. what a throwback jam
701	2	so, you're trying to say that earning less is feminine? interesting
381	2	yo lowkey shoutout to that operator for not only entertaining childhood shenanigans but for giving kinda straight advice.
351	2	i can completely buy it. this is totally a putin move. making the world run around and panic about wwiii without actually *doing* anything is exactly the sort of thing he would do.
632	1	anthony bourdain departed this planet there. you can visit the restaurant where he had his last formal meal. the owner pointed out to me where he sat.
63	1	"**some context:** hendrix is a fully trained working border collie. he will move basically anything you put in front of him on command. we herd and compete all over north america. **credit:** mike mcgugan (used with permission) **social:** on the off chance you want to see more of hendrix working, his instagram is ""@hendrixthebordercollie"""
216	1	my high school made me read *persepolis*. i didn't at the time cause i was a lazy high school student, but then i picked it up in college and really enjoyed it
535	2	24/7 news is just absolutely toxic no matter where they land politically. just shouldn't be a thing.
183	1	this must be where lowes and home depot get their 2x4's from.
488	1	average egg enjoyer
654	1	why shouldn't you have water in your kitchen?
743	1	i couldn't see this one coming
361	2	especially when that person is yourself.
877	1	more like absolutely jacked fruit.
140	1	i think you mean the smartester people, of which i am one.
709	1	They sure can remember McDonald's, because that's where they all live if they're not on the ocean.
452	1	first authorship is incredibly important if you are applying for a tenure cat position.
76	3	still 150k troops on the border... in a country with literally more land mass than any other on the planet and they just happen to choose to surround the entire ukraine from the eastern side...
146	1	*satan gently nods*
420	1	you don't think luke realized his mistake when his attachment to his sister caused him to tap into the dark side and overwhelm vader? you saw the shock and realization on his face when it clicked in his mind that it leads to the same path his father went down. he even tossed away his lightsaber to cement the lesson he learned. he already failed the lesson about attachments once when he rushed to cloud city and lost a hand. he finally understood in the throne room.
700	1	for real. this man is just resting his forearm and wrist on her shoulder and letting his hand dangle naturally. a real hover hand is the arm coming up from behind and the hand hovering over the shoulder. no leaning, just straight awkwardness from not wanting to touch the other person.
707	1	my wife makes three times my day rate
125	1	it was very well played by this administration to declassify and release intelligence on russian troop movements and communication intercepts as they were being discovered. basically calling out putin's chess moves as he's making them.
16	1	very active one would say
884	2	dying alone gang where u at make some mf noise
475	1	me, a mom, i don't like that.
631	1	currently in buenos aires for a month, my brother and i walked around the ecopark, rose garden, and the area around the planetorium enjoying the light breeze and sunny vibes. as i was heading back to the apartment, took a quick snapshot and was pretty pleased with the results. i hope ya'll enjoy! the picture really does capture everything: families chilling, couples enjoying each other's company, lost tourists.
413	2	this series was better than all the marvel disney+ series tbh.
98	3	yeah well most people are sick and fat so.
974	1	yeah if he was aggressive it would look a lot different / this video would be on another sub
395	1	the polish king, casimir the great, implemented quarantine in affected cities, so that could be a factor. poland was also less urbanized and more sparsely populated, especially after repeated mongol raids and civil wars. in later centuries, the black death hit poland very hard, especially during the deluge of the mid-17th century and the great northern war.
498	2	he called you, so there are phone records. he's in violation here.
128	2	doxxing a doctor who's only trying to save lives. real red-hat thinking, there.
143	2	he had never had any type of sexual contact with a **live** female sometimes the use of a particular adjective completely changes the imagery of a sentence. this is one of those times.
152	2	"true; but you're also paying for it to be ""right"". if you do it yourself and fuck it up, you don't get to send it back to the kitchen to be redone."
870	1	marco
210	2	"""...do i...do i even get a thanks?"" ""oh, yeah, sorry, we all thank you for paying the bill within the next 7 days. bye then."""
614	1	you can change this in the servers config file but be careful this impacts the performance, especially if you are using a weaker server with more players
308	2	oof, not sure how home insurance differs in the uk vs the us, but filing a bunch of claims for small damages like a tv in the us against your home insurance seems like a great way to get your policy cancelled.
455	3	to be fair all cats are done with your bullshit
62	1	the man, the meme, the legend.
109	2	"in france we call hen parents or more like ""hen mom"" or ""hen dad"", because they sit on the eggs and overprotect them"
528	1	there aren't enough midnight gospels memes
319	1	10/10 dad joke.
496	2	what country? i wonder if a women's shelter or group would be able to help. that is infuriating that the police responded in this way. they and the ex deserve some publicity on their behavior. we're the charges dropped by your ex or considered not enough evidence? and how did it get to a strip search? that is insane. file charges back. obviously it is your choice here, but a local women's group may have a better idea of how successful any effort might be (especially if you got angry and raised your voice or anything), in any charges or formal complaints back against the ex or the police. i hate that you are left feeling this powerless.
826	2	as an american, i stopped watching tv because i couldn't stand it.
167	1	"it's a superconducting magnet. you turn the current on, close the connection, and then the current will always* be flowing as long as it's kept cold. \* for a given value of ""always"". i've personally used magnets that were energized for 30 years without the field changing significantly."
378	1	pretty freaking impressive for the steelers to not just be the only team over .500, but also the only team over .400.
423	1	has been my homepage for the last 6 years, i love it.
908	1	why not both
196	1	makes me really claustrophobic just imagining being the first guy
925	1	i was bullied and assaulted on school grounds, and was coerced by the social worker *to apologize to my bullies because i made one inappropriate comment toward them*, and they didn't notify my mother. there was no faculty supervision when i gave my truly heartfelt apology over my callous and thoughtless words. they beat me up again (my mom was a single mom who worked nocs and was often forced into am shifts, so she didn't see me until after everything was said and done). the second time all students involved were permanently expelled from the school district and had to bus out to another county for the rest of their school career. i realize i was 14 years old, not a young child, but do not trust faculty to handle this situation in an appropriate manner without a parent present. especially *because* your child is a young child, it is even more important that you be present.
949	1	"in the third paragraph where it says ""3 x 109 letters long, or some 3 gigabytes""- should it instead say 10^9?"
655	3	seemed like the owner was in on it so fuck him too.
871	1	exactly! i had some carrots in the fridge that started sprouting leaves so i figured i'd chuck the tops in the garden, add water, & see what happened. i've never grown carrots before & it was interesting to watch the tops grow. the tops got *huge* so i didn't expect much to be happening underground. just soil, water, & sun. hope you & yours kids have fun trying this!
782	1	you can't make me cry
540	1	including hillary. she's not running again. it's just not happening.
653	2	dangerous animals should be put down. then they can get the dog a new owner.
52	1	here in the american midwest you hear it all the time during 90s throwback days on the radio. it was very much a hit, and still pretty iconic.
322	1	chika-chika slim shady
131	1	*chuck norris, collectors edition*
955	1	grr, 12
269	1	well, the biggest reason was that galileo sort of implied that the pope was simple-minded.
734	2	he'll pull some legal fuckery to delay and appeal until it ends up in front of his 6-3 scotus
279	2	are they holding this event inside a nuclear power plant? does mr. burns know?
613	1	he's using aternos and the max render distance, at least on my server is 15 chunks, and yeah aternos is a weak server, but free so i can't complain
477	1	they sound like they're just giving her a nice little fright. who doesn't like that?
197	1	this is the best use for instagram. i want to see cute dogs living interesting lives.
179	1	1. not ever dragon is an experienced carpenter. 2. please refer to the 5-second rule. here's an odd detail he may have missed: there are 37 days on the calendar in the dragon's cave. why? gotta ask dan on that one...
327	2	they were alive hours before they died.
202	3	regardless of if they caught the rapist it still will have a chilling effect on reporting. the police and da crossed a line here and deserve every bit of backlash they get.
641	2	then she's a moron.
402	1	"in this interview, philosopher slavoj zizek explains how ideologies are part of our material practices, rather than some sort of psychological condition or state. ideology, he argues, is part of our reality. identifying the start of the 90s as the point at which the developed west ostensibly moved beyond the era of ideologies with the end of communism, zizek claims that even in the current period in which common sense and expert opinion are seen to reign supreme, still ideological influence persists. ""we are effectively in an era of cynicism as a form of ideology,"" he claims suggesting that even the rational advice of experts is framed within an existing system and carries 'secret biases'. zizek argues that the modern mantra of tackling practical problems first and foremost makes for a dangerous circumstance, with ideologies already present in the definition of problems. he goes on to discuss the demystification of political authority with the rise of populism, and how it has led to a role reversal between the political left and right, and how capitalism has reinvented itself in the wake of the pandemic."
961	1	very nutritious but they smell like death.
292	1	she's always been the sexy one in the family
758	1	it's perfect for 1440p gaming. there are better cards but then you're getting into the big bucks top end cards
649	2	imagine the mind of a suicidal person, they literally think they are a burden to the world and that both them and the world would be better off without them existing. how the hell does showing them pictures of those with a far better life and possibly far more of a positive contribution to the world make them feel better?
453	1	the cat expected his name listed first.
80	1	it's very likely a uk gov source leaking to the mirror. there is a cobra meeting on today so my guess is this 'story' is actually one of several scenarios that ministers are being briefed on. someone has probably leaked a few details of the most 'severe' scenario and they've run with it.
456	3	both him and his cat.
194	2	are we witnessing child labour in this gif?
886	3	looooser looooser edit: yes this is an sb reference not a diss.
659	3	you taunt an animal this is what happens. mf'er got what he deserved along with the owner.
536	2	both sides are the same
64	1	i love a dog with a job!
44	1	jungle penguins.
305	2	but what about muh' supply chain issues???? i swear this whole inflation thing is 50/50 a crock of shit.
854	1	get out of here with your logic this is r/nba!
841	1	when i was 9 my mom took me to disney world. they have some of the best cinnamon rolls there. i was sitting outside the crystal palace, happily eating my cinnamon roll, when a crow or something swooped down and stole it right out of my hand. i'm still mad about it 30 years later.
360	2	so does this mean no more immigration from many muslim countries where homosexuality is a capitol offense? or places like china or russia, who view it very similarly?
85	3	the lord of the rings' legacy is they're fucking awesome
930	1	a death threat? easy. just call the police. that's way beyond school jurisdiction.
283	1	hmmm 1. odd numbers are bad luck (appearance) 2. makes 1 whole sandwich with a spare... why? (design) 3. it costs like a dollar a loaf... 50cents for 3 is outrageous (financially) 4. wasteful packaging (environment) probably cost more for the store to pay someone to package and handle it... the to give that away. some crazy times ahead!
811	1	i really like it. would be nice if it was a little more legible tho
922	1	in my opinion there should be no such meetings involving such small children without the parents present. there should possibly be a meeting between you and the school without any children first.
153	1	this.this scares me. edit: but also legendary.
160	1	the weight is half bone generally, probably more here given the length of the tomahawk here. granted 16 - 19oz is still a big meal for any dude.
966	1	i bulk up soup with cooked, pureed zucchini. it makes a good base for tons of stuff.
386	3	fucking kool keith.
82	3	the bomb. it's nuclear! nuclear!!!
189	1	i e always been told ice caves should be avoided unless it's really cold (well below freezing) due to potential collapse. the fact that this is gone after a few years would seem to confirm the danger.
677	1	as an amatuer graphic designer, i get annoyed of low quailty memes, so when i create one, i make an effort to find a hd template, and make it as good as i can.
644	2	that's really insulting to the monkey
746	1	hi exhausted, i'm dad.
771	1	well, thor and bruce are still around, but they are too high elo to play with you unless you have a full comp.
787	1	>it makes sense that they'd get back together, it must be impossible to find single immortals in your area. > >congrats on your genes. seriously. ops mom got younger what the hell. these people are going to live forever.
438	2	"can we be honest? fundamentally, there's no international body with the authority/will to ""ban"" autonomous weapon systems given that the nations with veto power over such agreements are the very same ones aggressively pursuing the technology. there's no scenario where military powers see a massive force multiplying technology that their (generally world order skirting) rivals are clearly investing heavily in and allow themselves to fall behind."
141	1	he didn't lie to his wife honesty is always best.
335	2	man im right there with you. i figured 2 minutes would kill her because it nearly killed me. how wrong i was.
373	3	where's the legend? i can make some assumptions, but they'd be just that.
313	2	sure, now give me back the free one.
287	1	tide pods has entered the chat.
777	1	i'm just impressed with the amount of detail
212	2	"""i don't think i'm better than them but maybe i do"" lol one of the most human things i've ever read just do your thing and find some other people who are interested in more mature books."
738	1	there's been a well-written, highly upvoted comment in r/politics saying trump is right at the cusp of total humiliation and disgrace every day for.. 6 years now. it isn't that i don't believe them or that they're wrong, it's just that i've heard this all before.
728	2	my man your reply is the equivalent of the 5th
596	1	my balls while running nah who am i kidding, i don't run...
408	1	"i like this. it reminds me of ""sonder"". the realization that everyone else is living a life as vividly and complex as your own. to most people, you're not even a back story character; not even a blur from a passing vehicle. you will never exist to them. it might sound simple, but we tend to live and act like this isnt the case"
254	1	lpt: start using netflix for dvds. they have just about everything including tons of more obscure stuff that doesn't stream anywhere. if they go, we're fucked.
776	1	brings nostalgia of me playing ps2 spider-man as a kid
123	2	agreed, and russian bots keep saying that the us is gaslighting and russia isn't going to do anything. we're literally just broadcasting what they're doing. it's back up by satellite pictures and everything.
116	2	"yeah, its a pretty rough one. whats that shower thought from forever ago? ""having a mid-life crisis is like playing an rpg and realizing half-way through that you hate your character but you can't respec skills and there's only one game ever."""
375	3	why yes, colorism absolutely exists. i'm surprised this is the only comment that even remotely alludes to it.
572	1	that's how my fallout character walks around most of the time
900	1	jesus christ in the year 33 before christ?
451	1	he was sentenced to life imprisonment, and then three days later nixon commuted it to three years house arrest. this after nixon had reportedly received 5,000 telegrams regarding the verdict and them being 100 to 1 in favor of leniency. it blows my mind that people were that willing to argue in favor of leniency for a mass murderer.
333	1	1080 graphics card an i7 and 8-16 gb ram should work for even heavy modding. just be sure to change the amount of ram minecraft has access to otherwise the game might have a hard time keeping up. i recommend setting it to 6gb instead of the default 1gb.
845	1	she makes the rules here
589	2	this looks like how a fancy restaurant would serve a $38 portion of banana
271	2	so he's anti-vax
91	2	that big of a sex gap raises some questions about the methodology on this one.
4	2	we should go back to just posting that picture of reddit silver with the s backwards and whatever instead of spending coins to have an official useless icon.
441	1	"loved it! soon as you said he was sweating, i figured something was off with javin. one small thing, though, this line: ruben shot up. ""i will not have you casting aspirations on my wife!"" not to be pedantic, and maybe it was a spell checker, but i think you were looking for ""aspersions"", no? lys kinda reminds me of my wife, lol"
120	1	and he was only 25 when he wrote it.
46	1	zealandia and the southwest pacific has the most unique and beautiful fauna.
716	1	tommy got [looks around to make sure no one is near], big dick engery!!
946	2	> it's a running joke in the crypto communities. crypto communities are the running joke
672	1	finally someone who isn't scared of 1080p
675	1	>the guy had no clue what he was selling he probably posts here on r/pcmasterrace...
650	1	shoegaze dad is spot on with this comment. not a facepalm, unless one of despair at the fate of the working classes.
142	1	"exactly. i went from ""trying to be amused"" to ""worried where this is going"" real quick."
820	1	the bros at the frat will love it
794	1	"no. she's stressed. motherly instincts vs being a good ""pet"" to her owner. she's stress licking and staring at the person. dog's way of saying, ""back the fug up""."
430	1	this is awesome! title's confusing
902	1	it's true, i'm men
684	1	arcane comet 22 min formless kayn
71	2	totally. if me predicting russia will invade every day stops the invasion i'll see you tomorrow when russia invades ukraine!
937	2	but money laundering in housing is ok.
814	1	it means that too
819	1	flameo, hotman!
792	1	what about the first milk's immunity thingy that goes to baby through milk?
958	1	spongebob ate them all, you can see he's got his cheeks full. guilty-ass looking piece of disposable kitchenware
293	2	Paying people in poor countries to astroturf is nothing new. Right now there is a room full of cheap smart phones, ziptied to boards, with a person in front of it pressing the orange arrow on the reddit posts they were given.
214	2	start your own book club
331	2	yeah seems like karma farming
889	1	Excellent piece and tribute to your dad. I'm sorry for your loss
603	2	not meaning to disagree here, that's actually a great tip imo, but trying to add to this. about the awkwardness. girlfriend posted on her ig-account about some jewelry the op had given her, and within hours the ex was on the phone, demanding a meeting. just let that sink in. how often do you check your ex's current girlfriend's ig-accounts? perhaps weekly? sorry, this is creepy. op proposed to his girlfriend on the two-year anniversary of them dating. dating started one year after the ex herself had started dating again. that's three years total. and the ex was calling him up, on his vacation, against agreements about that, completely devastated. this fubar has already become so awkward, a few instagram account settings really aren't going to make a big difference anymore.
901	2	people don't realize this but in india there are times when a man is kidnapped by members of his own family and forced to marry some woman they chose for him. it's happened to many of my relatives and almost happened to my dad.
836	2	i value my glass so yes of course. anyone who doesn't is a sociopath imo
88	1	i dunno rocky and apollo up above is pretty good
652	1	thought this was going to be worse. my uncle had a nasty scar on his back from playing around with a double bit when he was a kid(think he was 10 or 11 at the time). went to whip it back to throw it, and put it right above his kidney. missed hitting anything vital or any bone. this sort of thing was a trend with my uncle. he is the same one that had an attempted diy firework(bunch of black powder in a toilet paper tube) blow up in his hand. walked away with only some superficial burns. he had a sort of uncanny luck.
429	2	do you feel like your job gives you unreasonably low stress levels? jack those numbers up you big baby! op has just what you need. life and death stress with every sloc! call today and receive lifelong ptsd for no extra cost!
203	2	similar styles of scam were already run through the mail and made illegal. they were encyclopedia sales, and they said if you didn't reply you were consenting to buy the books.
842	1	that bird got some massive brain freeze.
543	1	"i used to do some infrastructure work inside the eod squadron building on base and there was a big banner inside the front door that said ""not dead yet"" and another one on another wall in the building that said ""everyone's divorced"""
468	1	you might have to check the law on that. i'm pretty sure that they could evict on other grounds, but if they did then they would have to return the unearned months less damages.
436	2	hey, are they still using gobs of water to grow almonds in the desert down there? is that still considered smart, if so?
940	1	yeah what happened to bitcoin being not real or a scam? if it was, it wouldn't be on any watchlist.
278	1	i love the interview with kobe where he said if shaq had his work ethic he'd be the greatest player of all time and it wouldn't be close.
625	1	the best part is the mantis eating the leg like a piece of spaghetti.
282	3	because of the packaging waste.
662	3	there was a thread on (i think) unpopular opinion that stated children should be taught proper gun safety. 90% of people lost their fucking minds over it
898	1	i'd only want the best for them and to wear their face.
732	2	trump going to jail or facing consequences is always 30 years away just like nuclear fusion.
844	1	for extra flavour
33	2	story =/= lore. lore is background and setting, story is a narrative through-line that tells you why you are here, what you are doing and so forth. they aren't the same. games like doom and dark souls tells its lore through environmental elements, context clues and collectible doohickies you can find and read shit in menus. the story is the here and now, that you are just some dude, you woke up and now you gotta go kill shit.
399	1	as to your last point, a clock that is accurate at sea is essential for calculating longitude, but that problem wasn't solved until the 1750s, so i'm not sure that counts as antiquity.
130	2	when the white kid stood up, and both cops were attending the black kid, i thought for sure they would take that as a threat since their backs were basically turned. but no. no reaction from the cops at all. the white kids was obviously not considered threatening at any point.
127	2	the cop made sure the white kid was ok before leaving him to jump on the black kid, lol. it's so blatant one has to laugh.
342	1	was expecting something else based on your username.
442	1	fun story! i like the dialogue tags when ruben zones back into javin's voice. i'll have to try that sometime.
821	2	so your solution for something that is all-in-one is to have 20 different solutions on 20 different platforms? doesn't seem convenient.
765	1	"i'm 6'1"" and had a 5' gf a while ago. my new gf is 5'10"" and let me tell you my back definitely doesn't mind not having to bend over to kiss her."
81	1	it's official now: literally everyone can and will be in this movie.
788	1	nothing more wholesome than child labor !...
954	1	he did say it was spongebob, not his wealthier cousin who can afford pants, spongebob squarepants esq.
154	1	for sure doing it at home yourself is by far the cheapest. steak restaurants always charge phenomenal amounts of money for steak.
507	2	classic russian bear
490	3	wow santa is a snitch
943	1	awesome! my grandfather learned to make simple websites (just html) in the late 90s when he was in his 60s. then he taught me and i've been hooked with computers ever since.
383	1	this would fit well in scott pilgrim
431	2	"if water levels get too low in a nearby reservoir, they just turn off the water early and lawns go brown. a significant portion of utah is in the ""great basin"" where all water that falls for hundreds of miles ends up in the great salt lake instead of the ocean. our policy in the great basin seems to be to grow the population and not make any changes until the salt lake is empty. currently it's at its lowest level in generations in part because of the drought, but also because we refuse to make meaningful reductions in water use."
607	2	i don't know what is going on with her, but you are enabling it. just tell her you aren't buying all the things she wants and she should fend for herself. but you have to stick to it. it might eventually mean breaking up. by the way, it's actually cheaper to cook from scratch than to buy frozen entrees, etc., but it requires you to not be too fussy, and requires a fair amount of kitchen management - using up all you buy, keeping track of when things expire, etc. cooking from scratch also doesn't mean cooking every day. it's healthy and safe to make a relatively large batch of a stew, chili, etc., and eat that for several days.
465	1	talk to your school counselor and hopefully school social worker to see what types of options may be available to you. you might contact child services to see if there is a requirement to provide until you graduate. put in applications and check your credit history to see if it has been used fraudulently. it may not seem like the best option, but the military might be what you need. you can still go to college for reduced rates while on active duty, air force is your best choice. edit: keep your head up little sis
345	1	"bottom left like ""hey! that's gandalf!"""
852	1	incidentally, james harden sees destiny frequently
764	2	....and the audacity of this bitch
463	1	how much bread? what are your expenses? do you have investments? does your employer offer retirement savings plans? contribution matching? do you have assets? can your wife earn an income while still raising your family? a lot of questions, i know. but you're asking a pretty complex question, and providing very little detail.
503	2	thanks for letting me know the forms are up, god forbid rh does
162	1	skin to skin contact soon after birth is especially important for c-section births to introduce the newborn to mother and parent's microbiome. depends on the hospital and baby's condition, but it can often be done in the or while the surgery is being finished up.
542	1	"al qaeda in iraq used to setup fake ""duds"", bombs they setup to lure u.s. bomb technicians, but they would have a live one nearby, or setup ambush/mortar attacks. one reason why we went to blowing things up, instead of dismantling the bomb."
17	2	plus textured hair is a bitch and a half to manage. i'm a dude with long hair and it's already hard enough. one of my smoking buddies from when i worked next to a cosmetology school also said the white girls would always ask *her* to do the textured hair so often it seems white stylists don't even bother to learn.
550	2	most reasonable thing ive read here
999	2	you've been played like a fiddle.
775	1	you shouldnt have used it as a wood chipper.just saying
504	2	the greatest innovation of the last 20 years was convincing women wearing yoga pants in public was socially acceptable. bless
882	1	no no you have a point
458	1	i feel sad for him, dude must have loved his cat
945	2	> not arrested ? > > you can surrender yourself to the police. ah thanks, i will !!
626	1	i detect haikus and sometimes successfully learn more about me - haikusbot
309	1	"""i can see! i. can. fight!!!"""
848	1	it looked like the cat knew what it was doing!
428	2	i just wanna say, shoutout to philly for not driving under the influence and not participating in domestic abuse. only team that did that.
264	1	"orbital *resonance* creates exceptions. pluto and neptune are in a 3:2 orbital resonance which prevents close encounters. pluto just got ""lucky"" settling into a stable orbit where neptune is always going to miss it. it gets to ""stay in the neighborhood"" by always being ""on the other side of the street"". if this new object is not in such a resonance then sooner or later it will end up on the wrong side of the street and lose a fight to neptune."
364	2	no, please don't do shit you're under-qualified for, is in the word, you're not supposed to be there.
55	1	can't pick just one, my top 3 are: kung fu fighting by carl douglas pump up the volume by ring my bell by anita ward
157	1	smoked salmon, potato wrap, avocado, spiced cream cheese, rucula and iceberg lettuce.
939	1	and they say bitcoin is useless!
689	1	it's season 12 of league of legends, you can't just be on the same screen with something that looks like a champion and not all-in them.
421	1	the real homepage was the friends you made along the way
524	2	unless i missed something, isn't it just a trippy animated podcast?
755	1	"assuming you're asking about the ""gaming oc"" part and not the 3070 as others have addressed what to expect out of a 3070. the gaming oc is a solid sku, above the reference style sku (evga black) but a bit below cards like the ftw3, strix or gaming x which have beefier power delivery and even bigger cooling solutions. the gaming oc still has a decent factory oc and solid triple fan cooling solution. if you're looking for a ""good"" sku that isn't as over the top as a strix or ftw3 it's a good choice."
398	1	the short version is that they didn't use them. for most of antiquity, the day was broken up between before noon and after noon. sundials and the like have existed for almost all of societal history but they weren't really ever in widespread use in antiquity.
547	1	"i have a feeling that those guys were already pretty confident that the bomb wouldn't go off; not that they were increasing the odds of success from ""impossible"" to ""somewhat below impossible"" by dribbling some water."
887	1	you see spongebob and patrick are doing the right thing, both here and the original. they never moved.
723	2	our wife
487	1	may i offer you an egg in this trying time
261	1	imagine traveling at the speed of light, essentially instantaneous to human perception, but it still takes 16.3 million years to get from one side to the other. that's unimaginably huge.
620	1	aternos max render distance is 10 and you can't change it
539	2	cnn is pretty tame in comparison to fox news.
514	1	buying shares when they're undervalued is not insider trading. it's just smart investing. activision's shares were undervalued because of all of the harassment allegations, which made them a smart investment. lots of savvy investors bought at the same time.
533	1	my partner has been going through this for the past few years, i empathize with how stressful the last decade must have been for you. i hope sharing your victory with her will help her feel less isolated with what she's experiencing.
158	1	What's in the pie?
559	1	"for those of you old enough to remember duke nukem, there is a guy in my gym who looks exactly like that. now every time i see him i have ""i got balls of steel"" repeating in my head."
506	2	"bro riding elon for donating to an ""unknown charity"". you fanboys are built different"
368	1	yes, he's a flawed man. he still rocks this life, and i don't know how anyone can argue with that.
948	1	the bean-counters told them that spending millions on a superbowl ad was capex, but spending half that much on developers salaries is opex, and increases to opex aren't in the budget.
574	1	not sure. they didn't have insurance so i almost ended up getting nothing. got the value of my car back and that was it.
936	1	it's interesting that canada now considers bitcoin to be money. this is a beginning of recognition, even if it is done in an aggressive way.
77	2	as long as the chance to prove us wrong prevents an invasion, they can laugh at us all they want. laughter > slaughter.
715	1	tommy is a chad, if he doesn't waste his talent he can easily be a politician in the future
648	3	have they found the missing link between monkey and this bitch? oh wait. there is no missing link
813	1	"*laughs nervously because i stupidly got the ""i refuse to sink tattoo,"" circa 2011*"
724	1	you don't have legs?
250	1	i love use of purple tones in this, great work!
21	3	people who do this have absolutely no idea how gas prices work or get set. you would do better to go after the companies that purchased the gas they are selling you a month ago at a much discounted price and are now gouging you. christ people are idiots
745	1	therapist: your wife says you never buy her flowers, is that true? him: to be honest, i never knew she sold flowers.
251	1	this is the real lpt. streaming is fine if you want to just watch something. can't beat the dvd service if you want to watch a specific thing.
95	1	52% in men is a big motivator. 8% in women, not so much. such a big difference is fascinating
104	1	i lack some of the connective tissue you're supposed to have in your shoulders. because of this, if i relax i can pull my shoulders out of the socket at will. sometimes i'll do it accidentally, things like carrying heavy groceries can pull my shoulders out of place if i'm not careful. it doesn't usually hurt, but if i pull my arm too hard or in the wrong direction like that i can hurt myself. one night i fell asleep with my arms folded behind my head. at some point as i fell asleep, my shoulders must have relaxed and dislocated from the weird position. i woke up with both arms totally dead asleep, no feeling at all, both shoulders dislocated, and both arms tangled around each other. not able to feel anything and knowing i could really hurt myself if i moved wrong, i thought i was going to be stuck like that forever. took ages to manage to untangle one just enough to get it into a position that restored the feeling a little, which let me get it back into the socket. then i could finally use that arm to carefully twist back around the other arm and get it into the socket as well.
343	1	infamous pewdiepie bridge encounter?
252	1	change of scenery. if you're able to then go on holiday, or go and stay somewhere new in whatever country you're in. relaxing is all in your mind. a change of scenery and routine helps your mind separate from your normal routine and the stresses that come with it.
913	1	well i think gyro contains chicken , so basically no ! this is a dough like pizza dough and a herb called zaatar is spread on it with olive oil and is put in the oven then mint , onions , tomatoes , olives and cucumber are put on it and wrapped ! also you cam go to amy arabic store or pastry shop and order it !
633	1	it's like looking at a disney movie set. amazing.
192	1	note the practiced economy of movement, she's not even looking at the box as she slams into it. that kid has done that a lot.
671	1	might go the other way and you develop the power to trace rays next time you make a pizza.
43	1	yeah, it looks like an animated cat travelling around a diorama.
980	1	pow! right in the watusi.
683	1	in the midlane edit: nvm, its urf. makes it even worse tbh.
860	1	my boy ayyyyoooooo rising to six!
988	1	this is really the area i'd like to see them improve on in future games. just general ui and menus. the clothing shop should list by overall clothing type first and only then open up a list of color options. the hairdresser shouldn't charge you until after you've selected options to change, being charged just to even look at the options even if you don't intend on changing your current style is silly. npcs that sell/buy unique things in bulk just need options to pick how many you want to sell/buy, not only have options to pick between like 1, 5, or 10 at a time. when selling things to the general store you really ought to have the option to sort your item box. just things like that.
93	1	it does happen though. my partner is 30 and was diagnosed last week with heart disease after he collapsed at work. and this is a dude who isn't overweight, exercises daily, runs, plays sports, doesn't smoke/drink, does meditation and other stress management things.
459	1	"""...talent caked in satire"" reddit really scratches my great-turn-of-phrase itch sometimes."
92	1	sorry for my laziness not reading the entire study. but is there an hypothesis on the vast difference between men and women? i understand that higher cardiovascular risk in general for men is a factor, but doesn't explain this enormous gap in benifit from exercise i suppose.
934	1	"as coin bureau just tweeted: ""know this: the money in your bank account is one ""state of emergency"" away from being the government's money.."""
736	1	"i fully expected to click the comment and see that it said, ""none. he's never been held accountable, and this will not affect him."""
370	2	arnold was married to the daughter (maria shriver) of the woman who created the special olympics (eunice kennedy shriver) so it was always going to be a bad idea to say something like this to him
253	1	i know everyone uses the toothbrush example, but if thats difficult too it's better to start with larger motion exercises like wiping & dusting, vacuuming & ironing. also important to work the arms as it will help when you get to working the hands if you have stronger arms first... brushing hair and then teethbrushing, then practice writing. i was ambidextrous as a child but became more dependent on my right hand side (or just lazy lol) but have done all above in recent years :)
204	3	what the fuck?
315	1	old.reddit.com is love. old.reddit.com is life. old.reddit.com accept no substitutes.
611	1	the best part is there's absolutely no traces left behind! sry for crappy quality lol i don't have reddit on my pc yet
959	1	yeah sorry i'm just wound up from the stress
188	1	global warming patch notes: ice caves are now water caves
266	1	"it was the 9th ""planet"" by order of discovery and more distant than neptune at time of discovery, but if you count it as a planet and count the planets by distance from the sun, pluto was indeed the *8th* planet between 1979 and 1999 when it crossed neptune's orbit. this is of course also why it lost classical planetary status under the new definition and is now considered a dwarf planet. pluto and other kbo's like this do not meet the ""orbital dominance"" criteria of the new definition. they do not ""clear their neighborhood"" through the kuiper belt and would be heavily perturbed by an encounter with neptune."
365	1	this is how i want my surgeon to feel
873	1	i hope sweet sweet carnage ensued.
637	1	"when we went in 2001 someone told us travel to ghana is ""africa for beginners"". we loved cape coast, accra and tamale."
221	2	they could literally just climb over it, lol
257	1	lpt: if you always wanted to be slightly ambidextrous - break your dominant arm.
115	2	the reason is always about money!
467	1	wild. but yes this is totally normal. many initial estimates of escrow are low due to rising taxes and insurance costs. i've gotten an escrow adjustment several times since purchasing any home i've owned. also, those taxes are crazy. but i also believe that it's probably accurate. the hard pill to swallow is that property taxes in other areas are a fraction of what you're going to pay. in my area you'd pay less than 3k on a 400k home.
325	2	that's some homer simpson maths right there
66	2	i haven't seen a shittymorph in the wild in years. this is just as good
995	1	orrrrrrrr just repeal the recent the law that prevents people from using the existing law that's been around for 100+ years which was created to help people solve this exact problem... bankruptcy. what do you think happens when colleges and those companies that issue college loans know that you have to pay the loans back no matter what? they charge more.
409	1	"i love this article. it's hard to conceive of time outside of its unfurling before us, or appearing to unfurl before us. one example that's always stuck with me with respect to this concept of ""tenseless"" time: imagine you're walking down a road. that's you, experiencing time, one moment at a time. things enter and exit your awareness - trees, passers by, clouds, birds, etc. as they enter your vision, it seems that they are coming into existence. as you pass them by, it appears they are ceasing to exist. but in reality, the things you experience on the road were there before you experienced them. let's say there's a mountain 100 miles down the road. it's already there, but you just haven't seen it yet. when the mountain comes into view, you might say that it has come into existence. your existence. this is how time exists. it's an extension of space. the time coordinate of a thing is another descriptor or property of the thing. right now, i am at x latitude and y longitude. and perhaps z height as well, in space, in the universe. but your place in time is similarly a property of you and your experience. we're just not very good at conceiving of future places in time, in the same way that an ant crawling on a piece of paper might not realize that it has a height dimension and can be rolled into a tube. the future is already there, just like the past. we're just locked into this road journey."
321	2	I mean it sucks that it's like that but most if not all of this is just plastic pollution in the ocean making it onto the beach, and that's something we're all contributing to
401	2	> common sense and expert opinion are seen to reign supreme hah!
990	1	"100% as in prefected every single dex page? or as in getting the shiny charm? i've seen people set wildly different metrics for ""100%"" the game"
328	2	us doesn't wanna mention two buildings getting airplaned but laughs at hiroshima and nagasaki
905	3	listen here you piece of shit..
11	1	"yup. that's the, ""so you're skipping plan a? good luck."" look. you can definitely tell how bold of a choice she thinks it is."
28	1	"i saw it before me in shadows of doubt - my means to salvation, my only way out. it sat there in silence, and captured me, caught - immune to my heartache, and deaf to my thought. ""i don't want a future,"" i solemnly swore - ""of sadness and silence and loss anymore. i don't want a witness to witness goodbye - i just wanted someone to care when i cry."" i looked at it, waiting, and muttered a vow: ""whatever. let's do it. it's never or now. i'm ending it here, of an evening, alone."" i reached out before me. and picked up the phone."
598	1	so much more protection when they need to go overseas. here in germany they just stand on the back of a truck in the rain on a sunday if they stay domestic / in europe.
964	1	"it can also be mixed with rice or pasta stretch those items and cut calories. this works great for mexican / asian style ""bowls""."
213	2	seems like you need to find a new book club instead of shitting on other people's reading preferences.
931	1	99% fiat is held by 1% holders.
323	1	"damn, thought this was more widely known it's ""soska\_117"" on instagram boys."
489	2	have you dangled a little bastard by his heel? that core strength matters.
757	1	all 3070s are more or less the same, the only noticeable difference between brands are temperatures, noise and customer service. if the quality of the card is a concern its a fantastic card, but ask yourself do you need/want a 3070ti or 3080 and are you prepared to pay the extra to get one?
618	1	air pollution
772	1	my first thought was: tell me you've never been close to a woman without telling me you've never been close to a woman.
556	2	never skip anus day bro
753	2	"i always feel like posts such as there are in the humble brag catergory. perfectly in line with all those 5900x cpu, water cooled, 64gb ram ""budget"" builds. and can my 3090ti run mincraft at 4k? you know what you got man. stop playing."
446	2	that was a ride. it's incredibly dark and shows mankind at their worst and in a twisted irony also at their best. the message for me is, that there is no message. sometimes humanity just sucks, being human just sucks because you make mistakes and you have to make choices and sometimes all the options are horrible. there is no moral to learn here because history repeats itself as it always has and people make mistakes as they always have and then try to cover them up in the false sense that it will make it all better again. trapped in the illusion that everything will return to how it was before. very well written. thank you for sharing
106	1	jamen for helvede da
711	2	ugh, people like this? grew up with parents who used too much pinesol... yuck. doesn't even smell like real pine.. which is lovely
248	1	dishonored vibes for sure.
976	1	they're usually pretty self-aware of their horns, but i think he was enjoying the scritches too much and got carried away!
733	2	the hammer is coming down. the hammer has been coming down for quite a while now. an uncomfortably long time, in fact. did they drop it from orbit? is that why it's taking so long?
119	1	it's catchy as hell no doubt. but the meaning is terrifying.
166	1	i don't think that any of the examples here understand the question. they're all giving examples of predators that, as babies, are sometimes hunted by adults of other species. op had an example where the predator-prey relationship reverses. in an immature stage, x hunts y, but when they (both) mature, y hunts x. since most higher species don't have young that do hunting, you'll probably have to look to less developed species for other examples. (i suspect that you might find other examples among insects, where larvae might be predators.)
965	1	bean sprouts are another awesome alternative. like cabbage, they're cheap and it's easy to cook in bulk if you're just interested in quantity of food. they can also be super nutrient dense. my favorite use of them is with stir fry, where they make a decent substitute for noodles.
246	1	this makes me happy, although i hadn't considered it when i made it. i love dishonored and the concept art made for it.
760	3	or at least a plastic shroud around the pins to make them easier to plug in, like for fuck's sake, guys, there is no reason for it to be this painful xd
998	1	"despite what schumer thinks can be solved ""with a simple stroke of the pen"", there is no easy road to blanket loan forgiveness under the higher education act. it doesn't matter if it's a $10,000, $50,000, or a complete write-off of the debt. the only certainly is this: an executive order which forgives student loans (in part or in full) will be challenged in the courts, and then it will die in the courts. in the meantime, this issue will be politicized even more, making it that much harder for congress to pass any sensible loan forgiveness legislation. congress has always been the way forward on this issue."
609	2	partly because you're accepting and enabling the behaviour. you need to set clear boundaries and a strong stance on this or she is going to keep walking over you.
823	2	goodluck doing any of that with btc
