14163169	3	A runaway bride returns, a woman falls for her worst nightmare and two opposites come together in this trio of romantic tales. In the first story, Ria  tries to win back the man  she left at the altar. In tale two, solitary Cara  meets Mr. Wrong  -- or is he? And in the final yarn, a tour guide  meets a girl  who pretends to be a famous actress.
33698825	3	“This film is about two friends – Neelima  and Aisha , both engineering students of a college. Karthik  is a student in the same college. He comes from a poor family. How he and Kunjumon , who also studies in the same college, influence the lives of Neelima and Aisha is the main plot of the film.
4052296	3	The story is about a young Jewish boy from a small Manitoba community who has an overbearing family. To make matters more difficult, he likes a Christian girl, whom he later competes with in a piano competition. A fun-loving rabbi tries to help him with his problems. The movie was filmed in Winnipeg and rural Manitoba.
1961652	3	East of Hope Street tells the coming of age story of Alicia Montalvo, a teenage Salvadoran refugee caught up in the Los Angeles foster care system.
1430395	2	The comedic tone was established by the following disclaimer at the end of the opening credits: {{quote}} This was meant to underscore the fact that the actual event portrayed in the movie was, as stated in its Official Entry Regulations, "NOT A RACE."2012 London to Brighton Veteran Car Run  Official Entry Regulations &ndash; Regulation 4.3.4. The story revolves around two Veteran cars and their crews participating in the annual London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Alan McKim , a young barrister and his wife Wendy , drive Genevieve, a 1904 Darracq. Their friend Ambrose Claverhouse , a brash advertising salesman, his latest girlfriend, fashion model Rosalind Peters  and her pet St. Bernard ride in a 1904 Spyker. The journey to Brighton goes well for Claverhouse, but the McKims' trip is complicated by several breakdowns, and they arrive very late. As Alan cancelled their accommodation in their usual plush hotel during a fit of pique, they are forced to spend the night in a dingy run-down hotel  leaving Wendy feeling less than pleased. They finally join Ambrose and Rosalind for after-dinner drinks, but Rosalind gets very drunk, and insists on playing the trumpet with the house band. She mimes her trumpet solo "Genevieve" to a rendition by jazz trumpeter Kenny Baker, before falling fast asleep moments later, to Wendy's great amusement. Coincidentally, Kay Kendall and Kenny Baker were both born in Withernsea, Yorkshire. Alan and Wendy have an argument over Ambrose's supposed romantic attentions to her, and Alan goes off to the garage to sulk. Whilst working on his car in the middle of the night, Ambrose turns up. Angry words are exchanged and Alan impulsively bets Ambrose one hundred pounds that he can beat Ambrose back to London, despite racing not being allowed by the club. Ambrose accepts the bet—"First over Westminster Bridge". The following morning, despite Rosalind's massive hangover and Wendy's determined disapproval of the whole business, the two crews race back to London. Each driver is determined that his car is the better, come what may, and they both resort to various forms of cheating. Ambrose sabotages Alan's engine, and Alan causes Ambrose to be stopped by the police. Finally, on the outskirts of London , both cars are stopped by traffic police and the four contestants are publicly warned after Alan and Ambrose come to blows. At Wendy's insistence, they decide to call off the bet and have a party instead. But whilst waiting for the public house to open, words are exchanged and the bet is on again. The two cars race neck-and-neck through the southern suburbs of London. But with only a few yards to go, Genevieve breaks down. As Ambrose's car is about to overtake it, its tyres become stuck in tramlines  and it drives off in another direction. The brakes on Genevieve fail and the car rolls a few yards onto Westminster Bridge, thus winning the bet.
343684	1	Dr. Wrenn ([[David Warner  visits John Trent , a patient in a psychiatric hospital, and asks Trent to recount his story: After exposing an arson-fraud scam, Trent, an insurance investigator, has lunch with a colleague who preps him on his next assignment, investigating a claim made by New York-based Arcane Publishing. During their conversation, Trent is attacked by a man wielding an axe who asks him, "Do you read Sutter Cane?" The man is shot dead by a police officer before he can harm Trent. Trent later meets with Arcane Publishing director Jackson Harglow  who tasks him with investigating the disappearance of popular horror novelist Sutter Cane . Cane vanished days before his latest book was released, and Harglow requests that Trent recover the manuscript for Cane's final novel of his popular series. He assigns Cane's editor, Linda Styles , to accompany him—Cane's agent will be of no help as he was the man with the axe who tried to kill Trent earlier. After reading several of Cane's novels for research, Trent experiences vivid nightmares of monsters and deformed people murdering each other with axes. Linda explains the stories are known to cause disorientation, memory loss, and paranoia in "less stable readers." Trent remains skeptical, convinced that the disappearance is merely an elaborate publicity stunt. Trent notices a series of red lines on Cane's book's covers that, when aligned properly, form the outline of New Hampshire and mark a location alluded to be Hobb's End, the fictional setting for many of Cane's works. As they set out to find the town, Linda experiences bizarre phenomena during the late-night drive: a boy riding a bicycle whose visage changes as she somehow passes him three times, the yellow road lines vanishing followed by the road itself disappearing, the car driving above thunderhead storm clouds, entering a rustic covered bridge in darkness and inexplicably arriving on the other side at Hobb's End in daylight. Trent and Linda search the small town and begin encountering fictional people and landmarks described in Cane's novel, including Mrs. Pickman , whose hotel they check into, and the Black Church, described in Cane's books as a fount of evil that pollutes the entire town. Trent and Linda watch as a group of townspeople arrive at the Black Church wielding shotguns and torches, demanding Cane return a missing child. Johnny, the son of one of men of the group, suddenly appears in the doorway to the Church, supplanted by Cane himself. The townspeople are then set upon by dogs and driven off. Trent believes the events to be staged, but Linda does not. She admits to Trent that Arcane Publishing's claim was indeed a fraud and a stunt to promote Cane's book. However, the unusual events and exact replica of Hobb's End were never part of the plan. Trent prepares to go back to report to Harglow, but is prevented when Linda steals the car keys. She heads to the Black Church to confront Cane, and is exposed to his final novel, In The Mouth Of Madness, driving her insane. Trent is approached at a bar by Johnny's father who warns him to leave before the evil infects him as it has the inhabitants of Hobb's End. Trent later returns to the bar and witnesses the man commit suicide with a shotgun as he proclaims to merely be a character written to do it. Outside the bar, a mob of mutated, monstrous-looking townspeople descend upon him with shotguns and torches. He flees to the hotel and discovers that Mrs. Pickman  and Linda have also been altered into mutated versions of their former selves. Trent attempts to drive away from Hobb's End but is repeatedly teleported back to the center of town, subsequently crashing while swerving to avoid hitting Linda. He awakens in a confessional where Cane explains that the popularity of his eldritch stories have created a sufficient amount of belief to free an ancient race of monstrous beings that will reclaim the Earth. Cane further reveals that Trent himself is merely a character and has no choice but to return the manuscript of In The Mouth Of Madness to Arcane Publishing, ushering the end of humanity. After giving Trent the manuscript, Cane tears his face open like a piece of paper, ripping a hole that leads into darkness and creating a portal to the dimension of Cane's monstrous masters. Trent flees down a long tunnel as monsters chase him and he suddenly finds himself lying on a country road, apparently back in reality. During his return to New York, Trent destroys the manuscript, but it somehow is redelivered to him, prompting Trent to destroy it again and again. Back at Arcane Publishing, Trent relates his experience to Harglow and explains why he has no manuscript to return. Harglow informs him that Linda never existed; Trent was sent alone to find Cane. What is more, Trent himself had delivered the manuscript to Harglow months ago. In The Mouth Of Madness has been on sale for weeks with a movie adaptation set to release soon. Trent suffers a psychotic break and is arrested after he murders a reader of the newly released novel with an axe, asking him "Do you like the book?" Dr. Wrenn, after listening to Trent recount his story, concludes that Trent's story answers nothing and leaves. That night, amidst a thunderstorm, Trent sees disturbing shadows flicker on the wall and hears human and inhuman screams echo throughout the hospital. Trent wakes the following day to find his cell door torn from its hinges and the residents of the hospital slaughtered. He departs as an abandoned ambulance's radio announces that the world has been overrun with mutant creatures and outbreaks of suicide and mass murder. Trent goes to see the In the Mouth of Madness metafilm only to discover that he is the 'star' of the film. As he watches his previous actions play out on screen, Trent bursts into hysterical laughter/crying, leaving the exact nature of reality uncertain.
10914021	3	During the turn of the 20th Century, the poor Mancuso family , from Sicily, Italy, emigrates to the United States. They dream of the land of opportunity, where giant vegetables are grown, people swim in milk, and coins fall from the sky. Salvatore takes his family, as well as his old mother, Fortunata . While on the ship to America, many men find the British Lucy  attractive. For administrative reasons, Lucy wants to marry Salvatore on arrival on Ellis Island. He agrees; he understands that she is not in love with him yet, but expects that will come. At Ellis Island, the families undergo extensive and humiliating physical and psychological examinations and questioning. Pietro  is about to be sent back for being mute, and Salvatore's mother may be sent back for insufficient intelligence.
33519683	1	When freeloader Phil is tossed out by the love of his life, Jen, he stays with two old friends who come upon a magic shirt that guarantees them sex with all the women they can handle. The three losers have their lives upended as Phil’s friends pursue a daily diet of Maxim models and close encounters with Hollywood’s hottest-but{{what}} Phil schemes to use the shirt to win back Jen. And when an insane marine steals the shirt and threatens to use it on Jen, Phil’s battle for her affections takes on dangerously high stakes. Chick Magnet makes it clear that the laws of attraction were made to be broken.
483274	2	Johnny Utah  is a rookie FBI Agent and former Ohio State quarterback. He and his veteran partner, Angelo Pappas , are investigating a string of bank robberies by a gang known as the "Ex-Presidents" . Pursuing Angelo's theory that the criminals are surfers, Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community. Knowing nothing of the sport/lifestyle, he persuades orphan surfer girl Tyler Endicott  to teach him to surf. In the process, Johnny develops a complex friendship with Bodhi , the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers, Roach , Grommet  and Nathaniel , who accept Johnny when they realize he is a former college football star. As he masters the art of surfing, Johnny finds himself increasingly drawn to the surfers' adrenaline-charged lifestyle, Bodhi's philosophies, and Tyler. Following a clue retrieved by analyzing toxins found in the hair of one of the bank robbers, Johnny and Angelo lead an FBI raid on another gang of surfers. While criminals, this group are not the "Ex-Presidents" and the raid inadvertently ruins a DEA undercover operation. Watching Bodhi's group surfing, Johnny suspects they are the "Ex-Presidents," noting how close a group they are and the way one of them moons everyone in the same manner one of the robbers does when leaving a bank. He tails Bodhi and his suspicions are confirmed when he sees Bodhi and Roach casing a bank. Johnny and Angelo stake out the bank and the "Ex-Presidents" appear. Bodhi  leads Johnny in a furious foot chase through the neighborhood, culminating in Johnny jumping into an aqueduct and causing an old football injury in his knee to flare up again. Despite having a clear shot at Bodhi , Johnny cannot bring himself to shoot and Bodhi escapes. Bodhi aggressively recruits Johnny into going skydiving with him and his friends. Johnny, still without proof of Bodhi's bank robbing, goes along. After the jump, Bodhi reveals that he knows Johnny is an FBI agent and has arranged for his friend Rosie , a non-surfing thug, to hold Tyler hostage. Johnny is forced to go with the "Ex-Presidents" in their last bank robbery of the summer. The robbery goes wrong as Grommet, along with an off-duty police officer and a security guard who try to stop the robbery, are killed. Angered by Grommet's death, Bodhi knocks Johnny out and leaves him at the scene. Defying their boss, Angelo and Johnny go to the airport where Bodhi, Roach, and Nathaniel are about to leave for Mexico . In a shootout, Angelo and Nathaniel are killed, while Roach is seriously wounded. With Roach aboard, Bodhi forces Johnny onto the plane at gunpoint. Once airborne and over their intended jump point, Bodhi and Roach put on parachutes and jump from the plane, leaving Johnny to take the blame again. With no other parachutes available, Johnny jumps from the plane with Bodhi's gun, managing to intercept him before he lands, but Bodhi forces him to drop the gun so he can open their parachute and land safely. Upon impact, Johnny's knee gives out, allowing Bodhi to escape Johnny's grasp. Bodhi meets with Rosie and releases Tyler. Roach dies of his wounds and Bodhi and Rosie leave with the money. Nine months later, Johnny tracks down Bodhi at Bells Beach in Victoria, Australia, where a record storm is producing lethal waves. This is an event Bodhi had talked about experiencing, calling it the "50 Year Storm". After a brutal fight in the surf, Johnny manages to handcuff himself and Bodhi together. Bodhi begs Johnny to release him so he can ride the once-in-a-lifetime wave. Knowing he will not come back alive, Johnny releases him and watches, with the authorities, as Bodhi goes to his death. Johnny walks away, throwing his FBI badge into the ocean.
14529906	2	Ravi Yadav  is the servant of Manohar Singh . He has a younger brother, Rohan Yadav . When Ravi is falsely accused of murdering a woman, and sentenced to 12 years of prison, Manohar Singh's wife Renuka  assures him that she will take care of Rohan. 12 years later, when Ravi comes out of prison, he finds out that Renuka is not alive, and Rohan's whereabouts are unknown. Rohan, in the meantime, has been adopted by famous Lawyer Gujral , and his wife Yashoda , and is now known as Vasudev Gujral, a lawyer by profession. Vasudev falls in love with Payal Singh , who happens to be Manohar Singh's daughter. Ravi finds out that Renuka is alive but her memory is diminished. He starts medical treatment for Renuka. To earn the needed money, he accepts a contract to kill Vasudev Gujral, little knowing that he is about to kill his own long-separated brother.
5002289	1	The film opens with a trio of arrogant young bluebirds harassing their youngest sibling Buster . As Buster leaves his family, he meets an intelligent golf-playing orange Tyrannosaurus Rex named Rex . Rex explains to Buster that he was once a "violent and stupid" dinosaur, and proceeds to tell the story of how he came to become what he is today. Millions of years in the past, Rex was a savage and frightening creature who terrorized smaller dinosaurs—he is seen giving chase to a Thescelosaurus. His rampage is interrupted when a futuristic aircraft arrives, and he is then greeted by a small green alien-like creature named Vorb  who feeds him "Brain Grain", a cereal that increases a dinosaur's intelligence. Rex is given his name and introduced to other dinosaurs that have been fed Brain Grain: Dweeb the green Parasaurolophus , Woog the blue Triceratops  and Elsa the lavender Pteranodon , who develops an immediate crush on Rex. Later, they meet Captain Neweyes , the inventor of the cereal and pilot of the aircraft. Neweyes then reveals his goal of allowing the children of the present time to see real dinosaurs, fulfilling their biggest wishes. He informs them that there are two people to watch for: Doctor Juliet Bleeb , a scientist from the Museum of Natural History who will aid the dinosaurs, and Professor Screweyes , Neweyes' insane twin brother. He instructs them to find Doctor Bleeb and avoid Professor Screweyes. Neweyes drops the dinosaurs off at the Hudson River in 1993 where they meet a young raft-sailing boy named Louie , who plans on literally running away to join the circus. Upon reaching New York City, Louie realizes that the citizens would panic if they saw live dinosaurs and, with the help of Elsa, flies over the city in search of a good hiding place. During the flight, Louie comes across a girl named Cecilia Nuthatch . Cecilia, who was crying, explains that her parents are hardly around . Louie convinces Cecilia to abandon her home and introduces her to the dinosaurs . When the dinosaurs explain their goal of getting to the Museum of Natural History, Louie decides to disguise them as floats in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. During the parade, Rex hears all the children wishing to see real dinosaurs, so he starts to sing "Roll Back the Rock " . When the audience realizes that live dinosaurs are among them, they fly into a panic. The local authorities are called in to stop the dinosaurs, resulting in a slapstick-filled chase scene. As the dinosaurs lose the police, Louie and Cecilia venture to Central Park, where Professor Screweyes is running his "Eccentric Circus". Louie and Cecilia meet Professor Screweyes and cite their desire to join his circus. As they literally sign a contract in blood, the dinosaurs arrive and try to save them. Screweyes, upon meeting the dinosaurs, explains that he delights in scaring people and believes that the dinosaurs would make a great addition to his circus. He then reveals his very own "Brain Drain", pills that are the polar opposite of his brother's Brain Grain. He demonstrates the Brain Drain on Louie and Cecilia, devolving them into chimpanzees; however, he makes the dinosaurs a deal: if the dinosaurs consume the Brain Drain and join his circus, he'd destroy the contract and release Louie and Cecilia; the dinosaurs reluctantly and sadly accept the offer. Believing that his friendship with Louie and Cecilia would be lost, Rex tells them to remember him. As Louie and Cecilia return to their human forms and awake the next morning, they are greeted by a circus clown named Stubbs . Upon seeing the dinosaurs returned to their natural vicious states, Louie and Cecilia, with the help of Stubbs, plan to sneak into that night's show and save the dinosaurs. Professor Screweyes claims he can control the now wild Rex, which he succeeds in doing by hypnotizing him. Everyone watching the show gets frightened during the performance, making them even more scared that many run away, and after a crow turns on a highlight, causing the hypnotic effect to end, Rex becomes enraged, and then he realizes he's been tricked and tries to attack Screweyes. However, Louie steps in and desperately tells the devolved Rex that it wouldn't be right to kill Screweyes. These impassioned pleas serve to return the dinosaurs to their friendly natures. Just then, Captain Neweyes arrives in his aircraft and congratulates Louie and Cecilia, who proceed to kiss in front of a whole crowd of people; simultaneously, Elsa tells Rex her true feelings towards him and they begin a relationship. After Stubbs arrives to resign from Professor Screweyes's employ, Captain Neweyes, Louie, Cecilia and the dinosaurs board the aircraft, leaving Screweyes to be devoured by the crows . The dinosaurs spend the rest of their days in the Museum of Natural History, allowing children to see live dinosaurs, fulfilling their wishes. Meanwhile, Louie and Cecilia reconcile with their respective parents, and the two become a couple. Rex returns Buster to his family before returning to the Museum of National History, humming "Roll Back the Rock " to himself.
19743387	2	Ashanti is an action-crime film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead role, supported by Mithun Chakraborty, Zeenat Aman, Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi and Amrish Puri.
25643143	2	Steven Miller wakes up one day to go fishing with one of his students at the college. However Steven has a flat tire and can't make it. His student goes out to fish along with his dog down by the river. As he is throwing his line out into the water, a shark knocks him down and eats the bottom half of the student. Steven sees the body by the beach and thinks the death might be from a Mountain Lion. When he goes home, his son asks him if he can go to the arcade for a while. While at the arcade, 3 of his friends come up to him to remind him about going tubing over the weekend. The son tells his father that they are all going hiking instead of going tubing because Steve hates the water. Then at the gate that stops things from the ocean coming into the river, the gate is jammed and the gate operator goes down and tries to fix it. The shark then grabs him with his teeth and eats him. His partner reports that the operator is missing to the police but they can do nothing. That night, a bum named Sarge spots a shark swimming through the river and he runs in the bar and everyone laughs at him. The next day, Steven goes to find the sheriff. He tells the Sheriff that there is a shark in the river. The sheriff does not believe him and drives off. Later, a couple goes jet skiing in the river. The shark then knocks the lady off the jet ski and eats her. As the husband looks for her, the shark knocks him off the jet ski and eats him too. That night Steven goes to Sarge and asks him about the shark he saw. Sarge tells him about the shark and how he was in the navy and what he did when he was younger, then the Sheriff comes up to him and asks him to come with him. The Sheriff brings him to the body of the male jet skier and the sheriff now believes that the shark is actually in the river. The next day, some friends go out on the river on their pontoon boat. The shark then hits the boat and the hits it again knocking one of the friends off. The shark sinks his teeth into him and blood comes out of the friends mouth. Steve then gets a call from his wife telling him that she found out that their son was going tubing in the river. Steven tells his wife to call the police and that he is going to find their son. The police gets her call and bring Sarge along with them. Steven then drives off and meets the police on the bridge over the river. The police give him a harness and they dangle him from the river and Steven grabs his son. However, his friends are still in the river. So they tie the rope to a tank of gas and dangle it over the water. The shark bites on the tank and Sarge gets the gun and shoots the tank. The shark blows up and Steven and his son walk to his wife and then head home.
20530127	1	Wally Walrus tries to get some sleep in the day, while Woody Woodpecker continually keeps Wally awake by mowing the lawn and burning leaves which produces a plume of smoke. In revenge, when Woody himself goes to sleep, he falls into a basement where Wally torments him with all kinds of irritating sounds.
1553752	2	The film starts with Monti Ward , a male prostitute, dead in a jacuzzi. Then in a voice over, Monti describes the circumstances that led to his fate. Jürgen Anger , a writer from Europe, is in California researching a book on gay prostitution and pornographic scene in Hollywood. While touring on the Santa Monica Boulevard, he meets Monti hustling on the street and develops a crush on him. Throughout the movie we discover various facets of Monti, including committing a hit and run, crippling a fellow hustler named Eigil . Jürgen unsuccessfully follows the devastatingly handsome rent-boy. As Jurgen continues his pursuit of the young man, the film follows Monti through his typical routine of various sordid and bizarre encounters with hustlers, johns and pornographers.
15770494	2	The plot follows a group of lesbian nurses who lure unsuspecting strangers back to their home to torture them.
7638785	1	After a heated argument with Julius Caesar over his lack of faith in the Egyptian people, Queen Cleopatra enters into a bet claiming that she can have a magnificent palace constructed for him in Alexandria within three months. She gives this enormous task to her best architect Edifis , informing him that he will be covered with gold if he succeeds or thrown to the crocodiles if he fails. Daunted and distraught, believing the task to be insurmountable without some sort of magic, Edifis travels to Gaul to seek help from the famous druid Getafix. Getafix agrees to return to Egypt with Edifis, while Asterix and Obelix insist on accompanying them. Obelix further insists that Dogmatix be allowed to join the voyage and smuggles him along despite objections from Asterix. En route to Egypt, Edifis' ship is met by a gang of pirates. Poetic justice rules the day as the pirate ship is boarded by Asterix and Obelix, who scuttle it after a largely one-sided fight. Upon reaching Egypt, it becomes clear that Edifis is not a particularly gifted architect; in Cleopatra's words his buildings are “the laughing stock of those who don't live in them”. His scheming rival Artifis proposes that they collaborate in order to build Caesar's palace on time and divide the reward between them; the catch being that Edifis alone be thrown to the crocodiles should they fail. Edifis refuses and Artifis swears vengeance, angered further by the injuries he sustains while negotiating Edifis' house . Artifis raises tensions amongst the construction workers by convincing them that they are being exploited by Edifis and encourages them to strike. To win them over and enhance their productivity, Getafix gives the workers his magic potion which enables them to continue effortlessly with the construction of the palace. Getafix refuses to give any to Obelix, much to his disgruntlement. Building progress becomes so rapid that the labourers exhaust their supplies of stone; Artifis has bribed the supplier to dump the subsequent shipment into the Nile and the Gauls are forced to escort a fleet of ships to fetch more. Sightseeing en route, the trio visit the Pyramids at Giza. In his attempt to scale the Sphinx, Obelix provides an outlandish hypothesis as to how the monument came to be without a nose. The Gauls are intercepted by Artifis' sidekick Krukhut, who poses as a guide with the intention of getting the Gauls lost during a tour of the Great Pyramid. Trapped deep within the pyramid, Getafix gives Obelix his first taste of magic potion, presumably to give him the strength to break them out. The Gauls fail to negotiate the maze, but eventually escape after being heroically tracked by Dogmatix. Undeterred, Artifis and Krukhut make a further attempt to prevent the stone reaching its destination by hiring the same gang of pirates seen earlier in the film to attack the fleet on its return to Alexandria. A short second encounter with the pirates alleviates Obelix's boredom, despite their cowardly attempt at retreat. In a final effort to stop the three Gauls, Artifis frames them for an attempt to poison Cleopatra with the gift of a cake made from such ingredients as arsenic, strychnine and vitriol. Asterix, Obelix and Getafix are thrown into the dungeon after the Queen's taster becomes ill from eating the cake. Fortunately, Getafix carries an antidote that enables them to eat the remainder of the cake  as well as curing the taster. The Gauls are pardoned and catch Artifis and Krukhut; their punishment is to work for Edifis as labourers. Cleopatra gloats over the likelihood of winning her bet to Caesar, who fears he will lose face with her should she get the better of him and instructs his spy to infiltrate the building site. Learning that the Gauls and their magic potion are involved, Caesar orders his three mercenaries to kidnap Getafix and imprison him. Two of the mercenaries are caught by Asterix and Obelix, who learn of what has happened to Getafix and promptly free him. In desperation, Caesar holds the construction site under siege and bombards the unfinished palace with boulders. Cleopatra intervenes, forcing Caesar to lift the siege and despite the damage, the palace is completed on schedule. Edifis is honoured and the Gauls are escorted home aboard Cleopatra's luxury ship, much to the displeasure of the sacred crocodiles.
2259388	2	The Danvers State Hospital has been closed since 1985. Gordon Fleming  is the owner of The Hazmat Elimination Company, a small asbestos removal company. When he hears that the hospital needs asbestos removed, he makes a bid to remove it, as he is in desperate need of money. He is also a new father, and the stress of work and parenthood have been causing problems between him and his wife, Wendy. Gordon's team is small, but eclectic. Mike  is a law school dropout, who knows the most about the asylum in the group. Phil  is filled with bitterness after losing his long-time girlfriend to Hank , another team member. Because of this, Phil has taken up smoking marijuana. Jeff, Gordon's nephew , is the youngest member, and suffers from severe nyctophobia. Mike discovers a box marked "Evidence" in a tunnel. Inside, he finds a collection of nine taped sessions with former patient number 444, a 37-year-old named Mary Hobbes from 1974. He listens and becomes increasingly engrossed in the interviews, which detail her dissociative identity disorder . Two of Hobbes' personalities are harmless and childlike. They all refer to another personality named Simon, someone they don't want to talk about. Throughout the sessions, it is revealed that something terrible happened involving a knife and a china doll when she was fourteen during Christmas 1951 in Lowell, Massachusetts. Gordon opens up to Phil and admits that he hit Wendy after she accidentally spilled a pot of boiling water on him. He is extremely depressed, frequently talking to his wife on his cell phone, asking her forgiveness. Meanwhile, Hank finds a stash of old coins and other valuable items that have been left in a tunnel since the asylum closed. He returns one night to steal the artifacts, among which he finds an orbitoclast. He follows sounds and finds an empty peanut butter jar, the same as the kind Gordon brought home the first night. Terrified, Hank tries to run out of the tunnels, when he is attacked by an unseen assailant and disappears. Gordon begins to suspect that Phil may have murdered him. Hank, however, is soon found by Jeff. Gordon goes with Jeff to investigate but Hank is gone when they arrive. The coworkers split up to find Hank. One by one, they become lost in the huge asylum and are slowly ambushed by an unseen attacker. Meanwhile, the recording of the final session with patient 444, session 9, is heard. Simon, the evil personality, finally speaks. He reveals that when she was a child, Mary, encouraged by Simon, murdered her brother after he scared her. He had previously caused her to severely injure herself by falling over onto her china doll. She then proceeded to kill the rest of her family. A flashback reveals that, after his initial inspection of the hospital, Gordon went home, and when his wife spilled the boiling water on him, he did not slap her as he told Phil, but in fact murdered her and his daughter, at Simon's encouragement. He then proceeded to murder all of his colleagues in succession (committing the murders in a [[dissociation . Gordon, talking into his broken cell phone, starts crying and apologizing to his wife. In the final scene, the doctor asks: "And where do you live, Simon?" Simon replies, "I live in the weak and the wounded, Doc."
24158389	2	Junglee Prabhakar Duniya Vijay wants to become an actor and takes the help of Gudde Narasimha Rangayana Raghu, a good for nothing person who however is very influential http://www.nowrunning.com/movie/6260/kannada/junglee/2011/review.htm. Gudde takes him to a retired Don Guruswamy for getting him a film offer. Meanwhile, Junglee falls in love with a college girl Padma Andritha Ray and tries his best to please her. During one of the inter gang fights between rival groups, Junglee saves Guruswamy. But Padma's father is killed in the process. Junglee, with the body and swiftness of a cheetah, fights hard and saves the kid. Soon, predictably, Junglee becomes the don's right hand man, an expert in attacks and counter-attacks http://entertainment.oneindia.in/kannada/reviews/2009/junglee-movie-review-110209.html. But Junglee falls in love and just like any woman, Padma  his lover, asks him to abandon his profession to marry her. Now Junglee is in a dilemma. On the one hand, the don will kill him if he leaves; on the other hand is Padma, who truly loves him. The rest forms the climax.
8630196	2	After completing his studies in London, Shakti Thakur  returns to the small Indian town where his family resides. Accompanying him is his leggy girlfriend, Anita , whom he is in love with and wants to marry, much to the disapproval of his family. After a few days, Shakti starts to feel that nothing much has changed in this part of India and longs to leave. He tells his father that he would like to sell his share in the family land and would open Restaurant business and settle with his girlfriend, to this his Father urges him to stay in the village and uplift it with his education, by saying "A man gets Education not to become a selfish being but to uplift his uneducated brothers and society". Shakti does not agree with his father and decides to leave. He is unable to bear the animosity between the townspeople in general and in particular between his Zamindar dad, Raja Thakur , and rival Zamindar Birju , none other than Raja's crippled brother. When Anita leaves town to meet her parents, Shakti wants to follow her; his plans change suddenly when his father passes away, and the region is ravaged by unprecedented natural calamities. At this moment Shakti realizes that his village needs him more than anyone else, He realizes that with his modern education he can uplift his backward village. During one of his attempt to solve the village's problem he meets village belle, Gehna ([[Tabu . By a twist of destiny, Shakti has to marry Gehna in order to save her from disgrace. Anita returns to find that nothing is the same anymore. She finds that, Shakti has turned from her lover boy to a mature and responsible family man, for whome his village's upliftment is everything. She returns home. The film strongly depicts the true meaning of Education "A tool to uplift uneducated people and use education for social welfare".
35754206	2	Peter "Tex" Coleman, a butter and egg man from Texas, comes to New York with his mother's life savings to buy a hotel in the big city and be near his stage struck sweetheart, Lydia Weston. Upon his arrival, Tex finds Lydia working as a secretary for a couple of fast-talking producers rather than being the stage star that her home town thinks she has become. Tex is just the angel for whom sharpshooter producers Mac McClure and Marty Allen have been waiting, because they have a play set for rehearsal but no money to produce it, and their leading lady, Valerie Blayne, is adding to their problems by threatening reprisals from her gangster boyfriend, Pooch Davis, unless the show opens on schedule. Tex agrees to invest his money in the show if Lydia is given the lead, and when Mac and Marty consent to his terms, the play goes into rehearsal as a drama with two leading ladies. When Valerie threatens Mac with bodily harm unless she plays the lead, Mac informs Tex that he is going to fire Lydia unless he buys the entire show. Sensing that the play would work as a farce, Marty's wife Marge puts up the money on the condition that Tex play the male lead. True to Marge's instincts, on opening night, the play has the audience rolling in the aisles as dynamite planted on stage by Valerie's vindictive boyfriend explodes, and the actors' performances are so bad that they are funny. As a comedy, the show becomes a smash success, but when a plagiarism suit looms on the horizon, Tex and Marge sell the show back to its eager producers and leave them holding the bag.
30753524	2	The Dead End Kids work as airplane mechanics in the National Youth Administration Work Program plant. Feeling that they have enough knowledge of planes, they feel the urge to want to become pilots. The boys are hired by crop dusting operator Arnold Carter to become pilots. Upon being hired, York  feels that the boys are far too inexperienced to fly, and assigns them to ground work. When Carter's company falls beind in their contracts, the Dead End Kids are force to learn the ropes of flying. Eventually, York agrees that all of the boys are ready to become pilots, except for Rap. Rap, who becomes terrified of flying after witnessing a recent plane crash, still has the urge to become a pilot in order to be on the payroll with his friends. Carter convinces Rap to take part in a dangerous crop dusting job, which winds up killing him. York, mechanic friend Buzz, and the rest of the Dead End Kids go after Carter, eventually turning him over to the authorities. In the end, York agrees to permanently hire the boys.
24010250	2	Two truck drivers from Brooklyn travel to Mexico to deliver an elephant named "Bunny", but they have lost the address of where Bunny is to be delivered to. Adopting the elephant as their own, the two stumble into a travelling carnival headed by Alberto Cordoba and his daughter Nita. The carnival is destitute and menaced by loan sharks. The two Americans sell Bunny to the carnival to replace their recently departed flea circus but agree not to accept their payment until the carnival regains its fortune thanks to Bunny and Brooklyn "ballyhoo". The loan sharks attempt a variety of dirty tricks against the gringos. The title comes from a furious Nita turning a compressed air pellet firing machine gun carnival attraction on the Americans.
13931147	2	The film follows a man, Jack , faking insanity in order to save his sister, Lily , who has been involuntarily institutionalized. The siblings soon find that the strange doctor at the asylum, Mr. Gianetti , has been testing an experimental compound, orphium, on the patients that seems to be turning them into flesh-eating zombies; Loomis , another patient, spreads the infection. The two siblings band together with a terminally paranoid man, Dave , and a helpful nurse, Nancy , in the hopes of finding a way out of the asylum. They are attacked by most of the prisoners and staff, who kill Nancy; while on the 4th floor, they encounter the doctor, who gives Dave an icepick lobotomy, incapacitating him; he attempts to get Jack too, but ends up being infected by Loomis. At the end of the film, as the two siblings are in a police car heading to the asylum to investigate, the officers  accidentally let the patients escape into the outside world. It ends with a panning shot, revealing the city below the asylum's hillside location. The secondary plot focuses on the affair between Charles  and Heather .
9620929	2	{{Plot}}  Tom is laying down a trail of cheese for Jerry. Tom traps Jerry in two slices of bread into a sandwich. Before Tom can eat his sandwich, an eagle swoops down and steals the sandwich from Tom's hands. Tom breaks his teeth. The eagle tries to eat the sandwich for himself but Tom steals the sandwich back, replacing it with the plate he used for his sandwich. The eagle breaks the plate. They fight over the sandwich and almost tear Jerry in half. The eagle then hits Tom with his beak and knocks him off the tree. Tom then throws a brick at the eagle but it gets thrown back, hitting Tom. Tom then makes a face and yodels at the eagle. The eagle grabs Tom and throws him back down to the ground. Tom lands near a clothesline with a skirt, some feathers, and some clothespins. This gives Tom an idea. The eagle goes back to eat his Jerry sandwich. Before he can eat Jerry, a whistle is heard from and Tom has lipstick and a party horn on his face (accompanied by Scott Bradley's "hot" rendition of [[St. Louis Blues . He waves over at the eagle from behind the house chimney. Tom has taken the skirt, and stuck feathers on himself and to look like a  female bird making the eagle lovestruck. Even Jerry is incredulous. Tom winks at the eagle and he tries to kiss Tom. Jerry, unties Tom’s dress, but Tom fastens it. The eagle tries to kiss Tom again and Jerry grabs the elastic band of the horn and it brings them together for a kiss. The eagle goes wild and he ends up dropping Jerry. Tom then puts Jerry down his dress. Jerry grabs a pin and sticks it in Tom's rear causing Tom to yowl and jump into the eagle's arms. Tom then runs away with the lovestruck eagle behind him. The eagle again tries to kiss Tom but he ends up pecking the bricks out of the chimney. Tom then gives a flirtatious smile and struts away. This really makes the eagle wild and with Tom hiding around the chimney with a brick in his hand, Tom hits the eagle. But the eagle is still head over heels in love. Tom makes another quick escape by jumping off the roof of the house. The eagle saves him from hitting the ground and continues to try and kiss him. Tom tries to hide and escape in various means, but the lovesick eagle somehow keeps finding him, and Tom keeps losing Jerry in the process. Tom is later standing behind a makeshift kissing booth that advertises, "Kisses - One Mouse Each!". The eagle goes to the kissing booth, hands over Jerry and puckers up. Tom grabs Jerry and then "smooches" the eagle with a plunger, simulating a giant kiss. But Jerry escapes again. Tom then runs into the eagle who holds out his hands. Tom picks one and the eagle produces a ring box with Jerry sitting in it. Jerry’s tail has been tied in a loop and the eagle places Jerry on Tom’s finger as a marriage proposal. Tom "accepts", then slams the window shutter into the eagle’s face and runs away, but he crashes into the other window shutter. Jerry then grabs a rope and ties it around Tom’s foot. Tom gets up and runs away. Jerry hands the other end of the rope to the eagle and the eagle drags Tom back to him, preventing Tom's escape. As Tom is being dragged to the eagle, Jerry hands Tom a bouquet of flowers and waves goodbye to the happy couple. Soon the eagle is sitting in a tree while Tom is sitting on a nest of eggs and knitting a tiny sweater, preparing for motherhood with no choice but to endure a relationship with the eagle.
32624649	2	In the 1970s on the Binlusai islands, a young mother is killed when she was running with her son run from an evil presence in an abandoned Roman Catholic leper colony. In the present day, a group of four young men and women are travelling to the island to take part in a survival game run by TV channel Search Planet headed by Chen Jiadong . Also on the boat is the television presenter Stanley  and cameraman Ken . The eight people have been split into four pairs where they are given a map which leads to a flag; their aim is to survive without any supplies, and the winning duo gets a grand prize of one-million dollars. As they approach the island, their ship is attacked by something unknown under the water and most of their luggage is lost. Shen Yilin  has preserved her map which she gives to her partner Peng Fei . The group is immediately attacked by wild boars. One of the boars is killed by Japanese competitor Ono Hiroshi  with his hunting knife. That night they stumble across the remains of the leper colony, where a message written in Chinese on a stained-glass window in the chapel states that they will be killed. Funeral urns appear with each of their names written on them. Later that night, Guan Zhichun  and Tina  try to get Peng Fei to hand over the map while Yilin trues to persuade him to return it to her. Peng Fei is then attacked by an unknown force and disappears. Meanwhile, Chen Liangliang  has found a notebook hidden in the building. Zhang Xiaolong  has an idea to figure out what is happening but everyone suddenly passes out. The next morning, Shi Nan  is found to have blood on his shoes but denies that he is the killer. After Liangliang goes missing with the notebook, chaos breaks out among the group.
16334910	3	The film states the War on Drugs has become one of the longestBandow, Doug . "The Longest-Running War". The Future of Freedom Foundation. and most costlyWallace-Wells, Ben . "How America Lost the War on Drugs". Rolling Stone. wars in American history. Texas filmmaker Kevin Booth sets out to prove his claim that the Drug War has failed."What's Wrong With the Drug War?". Drug Policy Alliance. Three and a half years in the making, the film follows gang members, former DEA agents, CIA officers, narcotics officers, judges, politicians, prisoners and celebrities. There is also extensive treatment of CIA and Contras cocaine trafficking in the US. The film analyzes imprisoned drug trafficker Ricky Ross, described by a Los Angeles Times reporter as the "Wal-Mart of crack dealing."Chalmers, Robert . "Susan Bell: a shameful secret history". The Independent. After being arrested, Ross discovered through the work of journalist Gary Webb that his cocaine source had been working for the CIA.Gary Webb . Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras, and the Crack Cocaine Explosion . Seven Stories Press.
7160018	2	Imaginative, impetuous, and wild Diana McFee  cannot wait for her adult life to begin. While awaiting the final days of high school in the lush springtime, Diana tests her limits with sex and drugs as her more conservative friend Maureen  watches with concern. Then the two teens are involved in a Columbine-like shooting incident at their school and are forced to make an impossible choice. The film mostly focuses on Diana’s adulthood . She leads an apparently normal life as an art history university professor. She has a daughter, Emma , and she’s married to the professor who once gave a speech in her school about the power of visualization, how one can shape one’s own future in this way. We learn, however, that she feels guilty about something that doesn’t let her sleep. One day she gets a call from Emma’s school. The nuns who run the school complain about her behavior. Later, at an ice cream parlor, Diana asks Emma not to hide any more as she is always doing. “You hate me,” Emma replies to her mother's reproaches. They leave the parlor abruptly and as they’re about to get into the car, Diana sees her husband, the professor, with another woman. She hesitates about confronting him and instead remains in the middle of the street where she is hit by a pickup truck. On her way to the hospital she imagines that blood is escaping from her body. However in fact she hasn’t been hurt by the accident. What is happening is that she is remembering the complications she had following an abortion in her high school days. The day of the 15th anniversary of the shooting, a memorial is held at the school. Diana drives in front of the school several times until she finally decides to stop and bring in some flowers. As she enters the school she’s asked whether she’s one of the survivors. She smiles and walks inside, first leaving flowers on some desks and then moving on to the rest rooms where one of the shootings took place. At that moment she gets a call from Emma’s school; Emma is missing. Diana is told that a pink piece of clothing has been found in the woods. She drives there and walks through the woods, shouting out her daughter's name. Emma appears before Diana’s eyes for a moment but then vanishes almost as soon as she has appeared. Back to the rest rooms in the school where Diana left the flowers. This is the place where she and Maureen were forced to decide which of them should survive. Maureen had offered herself first, but the shooter, Michael Patrick , asks Diana why it shouldn't be her; she agrees and asks to be killed. She is then shot and dies. All that we’ve seen earlier in the film is what Diana had dreamed her adult life would be like. Emma is the girl she never had, the girl that she aborted. As the film ends Diana is asked once again if she is a survivor and she replies "No" with a smile, with a sense of relief that she did the right thing by dying and having her friend live her life.
2279228	2	Anjali  is the younger daughter of her Canadian mother  and Indian father , living in the city of Montreal, Quebec. She shares a healthy relationship with her parents but has a secret to hide. She reveals this secret only to her elder sister Aarti . The secret is her love for a budding musician Raja . Raja is not a rich man, but that does not deter Anjali from loving him. Aarti assures Anjali and Raja that she will convince her parents of their true love. But unfortunately fate has different plans for them. Aarti passes away on the birth of her twin babies. Circumstances force Anjali to marry Aarti's husband, Aditya Sahai . With the much older and mature Aditya, Anjali migrates to New Delhi. Aditya is a business tycoon who hardly finds any time for his sister-in-law turned wife or his two lovable daughters. Anjali fulfills every role asked for her by society but cannot bridge the gap between herself and Aditya. She finds herself in a marriage that has no compatibility but only compromise. Her only source of solace are her two endearing girls. Amidst all this, one day Raja, who is now a famous fusion singer, walks back into her life. Suddenly Anjali is torn. She begins hanging out with Raja. When Aditya returns, he senses a change in her and decides to look into it. He seeks the help of his friends, a flamboyant couple &mdash; Dil and Pallavi Arora . After revealing to Anjali that he did know about Raja and acknowledging that Anjali is not at fault, Aditya gives her the freedom to choose between Raja and himself. She chooses Aditya over Raja, not only because of her duty as a mother, but also because she realises that she loves Aditya. Raja leaves and Anjali embarks on a tour with her husband.
18612911	3	Nobita was reading a picture book.In that he sees Adam and Eve disobeying god and eating the apple in the garden of Eden.Nobita comments that their descendants have to face many difficulties because of Adam and Eve's mistake.Then Doraemon reminds Nobita that he had to do his summer vacation research homework.Then Nobita decides to see his friends research homework.As Dekisugi ranks first in the class,he decides to see his project first.Then Nobita finds that Dekisugi has finished his research on Ninjutsu.Then Nobita goes to see on what is Shisuka researching.Then he finds Shisuka is keeping observatory on The Morning glory plant.Then he goes to see what is Gian doing and he discovers that Gian has done nothing on his project.Then Gian and Nobita go to see what Suneo is doing and they see that Suneo is filling helium in a balloon with a letter containing a telephone card.The person who finds the letter gets the telephone card.He will receive location of where the balloon dropped by telephone, and then he will record it on his map.Then Suneo can record everyday's weather and wind direction.Then Gian threatens Suneo and gets a share of his project.Nobita gets frustated and blames Adam and eve.
11564856	2	In Paris, a girl by the name of Maureen Winston  is abducted by two evil-looking men. While her family prays for her safe return, Maureen's father heaps guilt on her sister Margaret , since she convinced her to go see the world. However, Margaret's grandfather ([[Leon Ames  has an idea: call for Jake Speed  to go and rescue her. However, there is one problem: Jake Speed is a character in a series of 40's-style pulp fiction novels. However, Jake Speed does exist, as Margaret finds out when he leaves a note for her to meet him and his sidekick, Desmond Floyd , in a tough Paris bar. The novels, as Margaret finds out, are based on Jake and Des's real life adventures, and they work for nothing, seeing action and excitement  as their reward. Jake reveals that Maureen was kidnapped by white slavers, and is being held in an African country. Jake, Des, and Margaret fly to the nation, which is in the middle of a civil war, in order to rescue her. Many twists and turns later, we find out that Jake's archenemy, the evil, perverted, murderous Englishman Sid , is behind the ring, and soon, Margaret becomes a part of it. Jake and Des must now rescue both Maureen and Margaret, stop Sid, and help the girls get out in one piece, while dealing with warring factions, pits of lions, and machine gun-firing helicopters.
24682045	2	A group of teenagers create a game where one of them is secretly a killer while the others are victims. Using prop weapons, the killer must eliminate the other players before being discovered. The teens sneak into a warehouse late at night to play the game but things turn horrific when the players begin dying for real.
15676631	3	Facing numerous assassination attempts, a Swedish scientist who has invented an anti-gravity device and his daughter seek to provide the invention to the United Kingdom. With James Bond unavailable, H.M. Government provides Agent Charles Vine, a former mathematician, as a bodyguard and exterminator.
12554600	2	Marc and Philippe are two teenage summer-camp counselors at a vacation camp somewhere in the French country in 1960. Marc is very virile, while Philippe is more reserved. One night, Marc surprises Philippe dressed and made-up like a woman. From now on, he will keep on humiliating Philippe. Despite their late-adolescent rivalries and sexual confusion, each of them achieves some sort of awakening.
14570274	2	The Stooges try to join the army but are labeled 4-F by the draft board due to Curly having water on the knee. After they decide to go on vacation until a job comes along, their father ([[Robert McKenzie  insists they aid the war effort instead by becoming farmers. Inspired, the trio sell their dilapidated car and buy an equally dilapidated farm. The farm contains no livestock except for one ostrich, which eats gunpowder. The boys then spot some pumpkins and decide to carve and sell them. In the interim, several Japanese refugees escape a prison camp , and work their way onto the Stooges' farm. Curly is the first to notice some suspicious activity . Eventually, Moe and Larry believe him, and realize that the farm is surrounded by the Japanese. Moe then throws an ostrich egg  at the refugees, killing them.
10870536	2	Albert Dekker plays two twin brothers, John and Paul. Paul was supposed to have died when he was 10 years old, but actually went insane and was shut up in a secret room in his parents' mansion. The film is a mix of social drama, horror film, and suspense thriller.
7660298	2	An 1840s British surgeon, Dr. Thomas Bolton  experiments with anesthetic gases in an effort to make surgery pain-free. While doing so, his demonstration before a panel of his peers ends in a horrific mishap with his patient awakening under the knife; he is forced to leave his position in disgrace. To complicate matters, he becomes addicted to the gases and gets involved with a gang of criminals, led by Black Ben and his henchman Resurrection Joe . Unfortunately, this shady partnership leads Bolton to further ruin, culminating in his unwitting participation in murder &mdash; for which he becomes the first victim of a blackmail scheme.
5261356	3	Natalie  allows her classmate Jeff , who ran away from home after a fight with his stepfather , to stay at her place while her father  is away on a business trip. Natalie soon starts dating Jeff's friend James Casey , who is not as faithful as she thinks, while her best friend Polly  falls in love with baseball player Zoo Knudsen .
1210579	3	Set in Scotland on one wintry day, the film focuses on eight people: a mother and daughter, Elspeth  and Frances ; two young boys skipping school, Sam  and Tom ; two old women who frequently attend strangers' funerals, Chloe  and Lily ; and two teenagers Nita  and Alex . The film consists primarily of the interactions between the characters.
8419685	3	Thirteen-year-old Ernest Chin's life is devoted to working at his family's hourly-rate motel, where a steady stream of prostitutes, johns, and various other shady characters come and go. Abandoned by his father, he lives with his mother, grandfather, and younger sister Katie. The film is a loosely assembled series of vignettes examining the difficulty of adolescence. Recurring themes include painful encounters with a bully named Roy and Ernest's persistent feelings of being misunderstood by his family. Ernest also blindly explores his incipient sexuality, which includes nursing a crush on Christine, an older girl who works at a Chinese restaurant nearby. Ernest's life changes after he meets the newest guest at the motel: a self-destructive yet charming Korean-American man named Sam Kim , who is caught in a downward spiral after estrangement from his wife.
33914655	1	The film starts with a ghost, roaming with cockroaches on her body. Doctor Saxena, a doctor from a good hospital, is brutally murdered by the ghost , who pulls his heart out of his body. His murder is followed by the murder of a nurse of the same hospital at the same time, 3:00 am. Investigator Vijay  is assigned the duty of finding the killer. During his investigation, Vijay meets Dr. Suhani , who was the first one to find the body of the nurse. Suhani believes that something supernatural is committing the murders, but Vijay doesn't believe her theory. Another doctor of the hospital is murdered the same way, followed by the murder of an office boy by a lady, who was helping doctors in the operation theater a few minutes before his death. It is then revealed that one more person - a hospital intern, Mary  has been missing. Vijay also discovers that he suffered from memory loss, which was an outcome of an accident he had some time ago. However, he remembers that he and Mary were together in an adventure show before he suffered the accident. Suhani maintains that there is a supernatural spirit who is not being addressed. Though Vijay continues not to believe her, he finally starts seeing visions from his past that help him recover his lost memory. It is then revealed that Mary had been the girl Vijay was in love with. The two had gotten married in a church after Vijay's father gave permission. Just as the two left the church, they were attacked by a group of unknown men. Vijay tried to fight back, but was hit on the head by a rod, leading to his partial memory loss. Mary was then horribly beaten, brutally assaulted and crucified by those men and left for dead. The people then hung her in a cross, the sign of Christians . After being found by two men, she was taken to the city hospital, where she was eventually declared dead. However, her heart continued to beat, baffling the doctors. Because she was an international citizen, there was a huge outcry by the media and the Australian embassy. Finally, the doctors felt that she was unholy and had her chopped into pieces by a local butcher, bagged her remains and tossed her into the sea. After remembering everything, Vijay discovers that his father was behind all this. His father was against the marriage and had bribed the attackers, doctors, wardboy and nurse to murder Mary. Angered and heartbroken, Vijay confronts his father. His father tries to escape but is finally killed by Mary, along with all the other attackers who had killed Mary, as well as the butcher. With her revenge finally complete, Mary finds solace in Jesus's arms because of her never-dying faith and belief.
20477323	3	Franz Schubert works as an assistant teacher in the school led by his father. In his spare time, however, the young man, who considers Ludwig van Beethoven to be his unattainable role model, devotes himself to writing music. As public acceptance is denied to him, his friends lobby at the music publisher Anton Diabelli for a public performance of Schubert's music. During a reception, at which Schubert performs his Ave Maria, he gets to know singer Therese Grob. Schubert decides to quit the employment at his father's and, instead, to concentrate merely on music, and moves in his with friends, poets Franz von Schober and Moritz von Schwind and painter Johann Mayerhofer. There, he is inspired to set Johann Wolfgang von Goethes ballad Der Erlkönig to music. Schubert friends encourage him to play his music in public. Schubert and Therese, who sings his songs, are made one. The two make a living with performing Schuberts songs. Schubert, though, develops doubts, whether he can express himself in songs appropriately, and so decides to turn to writing symphonies and operas. As Schubert applies for the position of a Vice Director of Music, Therese hands over to the Secretary of the Court Theatre Schuberts latest work, the Unfinished Symphony. Disagreements arise during the rehearsals for Schubert's latest opera, as the singer of the leading part considers the music too difficult to sing; music publishers Tobias Haslinger and Anton Diabelli reject his music. Even his very promising application as a Vice Director of Music proves to be unsuccessful. Thus, depressed Schubert decides to tour his songs in order to make a living; in this period of time, he writes the Winterreise. After having returned, Schubert decides to have lessons in counterpoint with Beethoven, but shies away from contacting his idol. Shortly later, while being plagued by health problems, Schubert gets a visit from Beethoven's secretary Anton Schindler. Sickly Beethoven sends some Goethe poems to Schubert to be set in music, as Beethoven regards Schubert to be the better song composer. As Schubert wants to visit Beethoven, he arrives too late: Beethoven has died; Schubert is one of the torchbearers during Beethoven's funeral. Suffering from more and more serious health problems, Schubert is no longer able to perceive the success of a public performance of his music; he dies one year after his idol.
18405650	3	John and Mary begins the morning after John and Mary meet in a bar, during a conversation about Jean-Luc Godard's Week End, and go home with each other. The story unfolds during the day as they belatedly get to know each other over breakfast, lunch and dinner. Flashbacks of their previous bad relationships are interspersed throughout when something in their conversation brings the thought up.
2610460	2	In the Expressionistic frame story, in which human lives are each represented by a candle, Death grants a woman three chances to save her lover, if love can triumph over death. The three stories within the story each occur in a setting that is nominally historic, but really in the realm of fantasy: an adventure tale with a Persian setting out of the Arabian Nights, a Renaissance Venetian romance, and a largely comic story set in China.
7259476	1	A Navajo woman becomes a witch after erroneously coming to believe that her husband has abandoned her. She teaches the same skills to her daughter Watuma, who transforms into a wolf in order to carry out vengeance against the invading white settlers. Then, 100 years after Watuma's death, she returns from the dead to kill again.
36039685	3	Detective Bobby Corcoran and his partner, Detective Larson, are on the hunt for a vicious serial killer. As the murderous villain stalks the city streets leaving carnage in his wake, Corcoran begins to experience blackouts and sudden fits of anger. As the detectives pursue the case, they uncover evidence suggesting that one of them may be responsible for the mysterious deaths.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111298/plotsummary
27766469	2	Rashaan Nall stars as rising East Coast rap star Jaxx, who has formed a musical partnership with longtime buddy Mayhem . Enter Domino Breed , ruthless CEO of Da Block Records, a West Coast label. Filling Jaxx's head with promises of solo stardom and innumerable creature comforts , Domino lures the young performer to California. As he becomes immersed in the gangster lifestyle common to so many of Domino's disciples, Jaxx grows distant from his friends and loved ones, especially his wife Shonda , who had originally been in favor of her husband's career move. Inevitably, the greed-dictated rivalry between Jaxx and his former partner Mayhem culminates in tragedy.
9514127	2	Aravind , Chandru  and Krishna Murthy  are childhood friends. Chandru and Krishna Murthy are orphans, who are generously brought up by the parents of Aravind. By the time they reach their 20's, Aravind's sister Amrita  falls in love with Chandru. Chandru hesitates to love her, as she is the sister of his close friend. Chandru seeks the help of Krishna Murthy to avoid Amrita. After the entire episode, Aravind and Chandru go to Hyderabad to work with Krishna Murthy. When this trio is assigned to renovate an old palatial house, Aravind encounters Padmini . A mischief by the jealous cousin of Padmini results Aravind falling for Padmini. When Padmini is about to get engaged to another guy, Chandru announces that Padmini cheated Aravind after loving him. The rest of the film is about how the two pairs  unite.{{Use dmy dates}}
24336780	3	As The Great War  begins, 17 year old Jack Kipling , the only son of the famous English writer and poet Rudyard Kipling, declares his intention to join the Royal Navy to fight against the Germans. The elder Kipling , who encourages him in his ambition, arranges several appointments for him to enlist in both the Army and Navy. However, Jack's poor eyesight prevents him from passing the medical examinations, both he and his father are devastated. However, Rudyard uses his influence with the military establishment to eventually secure Jack an officer's commission as a Second Lieutenant in the Irish Guards. Both Jack's mother Carrie , and sister Elsie , disapprove of this post, as they do not wish for him to be deployed to the front line. Jack, who proves to be a popular officer with his troops, undergoes military training and travels to France within six months. On his 18th birthday, Jack receives orders to lead his platoon into action on the following morning. However, during this attack in the Battle of Loos Jack is posted missing in action and the Kipling family is informed by telegram. Over the next two years, Jack's parents track down surviving members from Jack's platoon and interview them. One of Jack's former platoon members eventually confirms that Jack was killed in the Battle of Loos, shot by enemy gunfire, after losing his glasses in the mud during an assault on a German machine-gun post.
19901334	3	In 1898, a band of Spanish soldiers heroically defended Baler (which was not yet the capital municipality of [[Aurora  against Filipino forces for 337 long and grueling days. The battle, now referred to as the Siege of Baler, is the setting of a forbidden love between a Mestizo soldier  and a Filipina lass  who lived at the end of the 19th century.
9618164	3	Two men who work as both automobile mechanics and firemen operate a garage in a fire station. A car has been left for them to clean, but they destroy it instead. In the second half of the film, Roscoe and Keaton have been called to a fire, but it turns out to be a false alarm. When they return, they find their own fire station on fire. The film is available on DVD, as part of the "Arbuckle and Keaton Collection".
29002296	2	A young Irishman Patrick Shaw  enters the US illegally with his wayward friend Seamus . Landing in New York, the pair start with dreams of striking it rich but soon find themselves in dead-end jobs and drifting apart. As Seamus pursues various get-rich schemes, the more cautious Patrick finds himself devoting time to looking after Tom , an Irish author down on his luck, and courting Helen , a struggling actress caught in sordid relationship with a much older man .
5823562	2	A Czech agricultural student, Šimon Plánička, arrives at the small South Bohemian town of Hoštice, and joins the local JZD  with the intention of trying out his experiment regarding the "Milk yield of cows in regards to a cultured environment". He runs into difficulty with the directorship of the JZD, but he finds them eager to help once they hear he's the son of the local agricultural commissioner, as his last name is also Plánička. Blažena Škopková is given the task of finding out how things are looking. However everything is complicated by the jealousy of Blažena's boyfriend Venca.
31838471	2	Eric  is a perpetual adolescent who lives to party, holding lavish theme-events with his friends using his father's large house in the Hamptons. On July 3, Eric throws a White trash bash party attended by his friends Sue , Adam , Mike , Laura , Kate , Glenn , Doug  and his girlfriend Willow , Alison  and her boyfriend Marcus . Eric meets Kelly  at the party. The following morning, Eric's father  arrives and informs him that he is selling the house. The next weekend, the group arrive back at the house and find it for sale by Dody  and Kelly. Eric and Mike decide to throw a last ultimate party at the house on Labor Day weekend. Lamenting the more liberal sex attitude of the younger generation that passed over his own, Eric suggests having an orgy. When they present the idea to their friends, they are all reluctant, but when Mike and Eric argue that afterwards everyone will be moving away from each other and that this might be their last real time all together, Sue agrees to join. Laura joins the plan to improve her self esteem, and is later joined by Alison after she breaks up with Marcus. Sue has feelings for Eric from high school, but Eric pursues a relationship with Kelly, to attempt to interfere with her selling the house. Doug and Willow join the orgy, hoping it will make him more confident. At Kate and Glenn's wedding, a drunken Adam reveals he has lost his job because Eric destroyed his phone at the White Trash bash, and agrees to join the orgy. Glenn finds out about the orgy and informs Kate, causing the pair to fall out with the group for not including them. Eric and Mike go to an underground sex club to research orgies, and gain advice from Mike's uncle Vic . Later, during a date with Kelly, she asks Eric to meet with her friends on Labor Day, to which he reluctantly agrees. Eric admits to Mike that he is developing feelings for Kelly and is no longer sure about taking part in the orgy. The week before Labor Day, Kate and Glenn ask to join the orgy but the group refuses because the couple have a child. Kelly tells Eric that she has asked Dody to slow the house sale down until the end of the summer. The Labor Day weekend arrives and the group prepare for the orgy. Doug decides to back out at the last minute, causing the group to descend into arguments, culminating when Alison publicly reveals Sue's feelings for Eric, and Doug accuses Mike of being Eric's "pet". Glenn and Kate arrive uninvited, intending to gatecrash the orgy, but they end up having sex in their car. Eric decides to leave and go to Kelly's home, but discovers she is on a date. Eric returns to the party where the group reconcile, and the orgy finally begins. On Labor Day, Doug gives Mike a copy of his finished album, having finally found the confidence to pursue his music career. Sue gets over her feelings for Eric, Adam and Laura enter into a relationship, and Eric reconciles with Kelly. Kelly tells Eric that the house deal fell through and it will now take longer to sell. Eric begins planning a party for Memorial Day.
8727189	1	Niklas  is a poet who wants to go to a school to exploit his talents, while his mum wants him to follow his family's footsteps and become something completely different from his dreams. He plans his escape and buys a ticket out of town to go to a special school in England, which he's been saving up for by writing papers for students in the school. His best friend is getting picked on by the school bully, Annelie , a rather violent young girl who is often neglected. She gets caught stealing and comes to believe that Niklas snitched on her. Her gang beats up the friend of Niklas' until he lies and says that it was Niklas that told everyone, thinking that Niklas has indeed gone to England. The problem is that Niklas did not do this. The gang tracks down Niklas and nearly beats him to death and then they flee. The next morning Niklas walks out of the forest without a scratch on his body and seems a little unnerved. When he gets to school, everyone is ignoring him and he can't figure out why. He realizes that he is indeed, invisible, after he throws a book at the wall, and the book stays in its original spot. He can touch things, move things, but the second he looks back, the object is back in place. The twist occurs when a bird dies by flying into a window, and Niklas recognizes that he is still alive, but dying in the woods. Annelie finds out that it was actually her boyfriend who snitched on her because she didn't want to give him his part of the stolen things. Niklas is left helpless as he watches his mother and the police hunt for his body. His friend commits suicide over the event and leaves a letter for his parents and the police, who eventually find his body, which by this stage, is lifeless and on the very edge of death. The film ends with Annelie admitting to the crime, turning herself over to the police and turning off Niklas' life support so that both are free.
15068907	2	Sam Martin  runs a charter boat with his alcoholic first mate Harvey . He is forced by financial necessity to run guns for some revolutionaries.
10361558	2	Jordan Oliver  is caught embezzling $250,000 from his employer but, as he is the boss' son-in-law, is given a chance to pay it back. Meanwhile, his wealthy wife Clarice  is about to divorce him. He can only get the money by having his wife murdered for $1 million life insurance. He hires a hitman Bobo ([[Bill Dana  to kill his wife; Bobo subcontracts the job out to another hitman, who in turn subcontracts it out and so on until an actor is the hitman for just $6.95 When Oliver is told his wife's insurance is invalid, he must rescue his wife before she's murdered.
16093055	2	The film is approximately 2 and a half minutes long and stationary, showing a theater with the screen showing nightmarish images. The film is Filmed like a Dream.
2714347	1	When a serial killer mysteriously and savagely murders a young native woman in rural Los Angeles County, her sister McKenna  must replace her as the keeper of an amulet, the sacred crescent. Reluctantly, McKenna accepts the role of chosen one. With the amulet and after the rigors of the ritual, she takes on the spirit and powers of the raven, the good forces in the battle against evil, the wolf. McKenna's powers include a thirst for milk and great sexual energy, which she unleashes on her former boyfriend, Henry, a cop. The spirit of the wolf inhabits Rose, Henry's jilted lover. Rose wreaks havoc of her own before a final showdown with the chosen one.
15462142	2	Charan Raj  alias Channi, is a master of crime, theft, kidnapping and black magic. He has a desire to rule over the entire world and for this desire he is ready to do the meanest of deeds - even that of murdering children. Charan Raj lays his hands upon an innocent boy - Raju  Raju is the only support for his sister Karisma  who herself dances on stage to be able to rear her brother and has all her hopes pined on her brother. Channo who was by now assumed the guise of a doll - A doll that can walk, talk and even kill - is the Papi Gudia. This doll gets stuck to Raju like a leech. Raju, in spite of being innocent gets linked to every murder and then he comes under the eye of police. A Makichumi, Inspector Vijay Saxena  holds Raju responsible for each murder. Karisma, who till now had been enjoying a comfortable life with her younger brother, is caught in a dilemma between murder and law. On one side is his younger brother and on the other side is her love Vijay Saxena.
21800330	3	Timofyev  is a patient in an asylum who claims to be the man who killed Tsar Alexander II in 1881, and his grandson Tsar Nicholas II in 1918.
1748549	2	Sgt. Nick Pulovski and his partner, Powell, are assigned to the case of taking down the criminal empire of a German felon, Strom, who engages in grand theft auto and chop shop operations. During an encounter with Strom and his men, who are loading a semi-trailer truck with stolen cars, Powell is murdered. Pulovski, despite efforts to catch the criminals on the highway, ends up losing them. Consequently, Pulovski is removed from the case by his superior, Lt. Raymond Garcia, and given a new partner, David Ackerman, a young officer recently promoted to rookie Detective, who has continual nightmares and is plagued by guilt over his brother's death, believing it was his fault as a child. Against regulations, Pulovski and Ackerman start investigating the Strom case. Pulovski tracks down a man working for Strom named Morales, whom he forces to cooperate. Morales, under Pulovski's instructions, manages to plant a two-way radio inside Strom's house without getting caught, but is still murdered later on by Strom's companion Liesl. Feeling pressured by the authorities, Strom deduced that there was a connection between Morales and another one of his operatives named Little Felix. Unbeknown to Strom earlier, Little Felix had also been secretly working as an informant for Pulovski regarding the disclosure of his illegal activities at his wrecking yards. Through the listening device, Pulovski and Ackerman learn that Strom is planning to leave the country after robbing a local casino of two million dollars. Strom's men set off smoke bombs inside the casino and capture the general manager, Alphonse , forcing him to open the vault for them. Inside the vault however, are Pulovski and Ackerman, who had conspired with Alphonse to capture Strom. Yet Liesl, knowing of Ackerman's naïvete, dares him and distracts Pulovski long enough for Strom to pin the detective down to the floor. Liesl shoots Ackerman in the back; although he is not injured due to his bulletproof vest. But moments later, one of Strom's men, Cruz , discovers that the vault is empty. With police surrounding the building, Strom takes Pulovski hostage and demands the two million dollars as a ransom. In trying to determine Pulovski's whereabouts, Ackerman tracks down one of Strom's henchmen named Loco. Loco, however, manages to elude Ackerman following a violent encounter with him at a dry cleaners where Little Felix is also found murdered. Ackerman then decides to turn to his father Eugene, for help in securing the ransom money, which he reluctantly agrees to. While at his father's office, Ackerman's girlfriend Sarah , informs him over the phone that Lt. Garcia is at their house waiting to interrogate him. Just then, Ackerman is visited by two detectives, who claim that Garcia is at headquarters and has sent them to retrieve him over his alleged forbidden involvement in the Strom case. Ackerman suddenly realizes that there is only one person capable of impersonating Garcia; Loco, with Ackerman's badge which he acquired by stealing it from him during a previous encounter at a bar. Ackerman evades the detectives and races home on a borrowed motorcycle. During an ensuing physical confrontation between the two men, Sarah grabs Ackerman's gun and kills Loco. Ackerman is distraught, as he needed Loco alive to tell him where Pulovski is being held captive. However, Ackerman later notices Loco's car outside their door, a bizarrely colored Lotus, which he and Pulovski spotted earlier at a warehouse in which one of Strom's mechanics, Max, was working on. After killing Max in a struggle within an elevator shaft, Pulovski is rescued by Ackerman. The pair escape the warehouse by driving a Mercedes convertible through a wall and Pulovski quotes a Mercedes Benz commercial, Engineered like no other car and later capture Cruz, whom Strom sent to collect the ransom. As the group arrives at the airport, Cruz gives Strom the money and is murdered. Pulovski and Ackerman open fire at the scene as a situation is created where one of Strom's men, Blackwell, in charge of flying him out of the country aboard a private jet, is killed following a collision with a commercial airliner. Ackerman later pursues Liesl into the airport and kills her, while Pulovski attempts to shoot Strom during his own chase, but ends up out of ammunition. Strom shoots Pulovski, and prepares to kill him when Ackerman arrives, and shoots Strom. Seriously injured, Strom collapses onto a luggage conveyor belt. Pulovski climbs on, and to avenge Powell and end the homicide spree there, kills him despite Strom's requests for medical attention. Sometime later, Pulovski, Ackerman and Garcia have been promoted. Ackerman is now a detective and Pulovski the new Lieutenant . Pulovski introduces Ackerman to another "rookie" cop, Heather Torres , as his new partner.
12700168	2	Set in Baku at the turn of the 20th century, a young successful businessman Asgar  wishes to marry. He wants his bride to be the choice of his heart, however, Azerbaijani tradition restricted him from communicating with the lady as a lover before marriage. So Asgar decides to disguise himself as a mere cloth peddler and the young woman Guelchoehra  falls in love with him. However, she is concerned that her father, Soltan bey  will not allow her to marry a cloth peddler. Young Asgar then reveals himself to her father and asks for her hand in marriage. Seeing that he is indeed a wealthy young man, the father agrees and the two are permitted to marry.
29321958	2	Ravi Abraham  is one of the key brains behind the success of a construction firm. He has rivals within and outside the office, jealous of his success. At home, he has a blissful life with his wife Parvathy  and daughter Ammu. But things go terribly wrong for Ravi and Parvathy one fine morning, with a stranger named Venkitesh , who asks for a lift in their car. For the first few minutes, Venky appears to be a naive mild guy but his tone changes soon and he begins to blackmail the couple, telling them that their daughter is kidnapped and within one call the babysitter will kill her. They are forced to obey several things one after the other. First Venky asks them to withdraw the entire deposit from their bank account. Later Venky sets fire to the currency notes in a suitcase and throws it into a river along with their wallets. Venky asks for more money, Ravi sells his wrist watch worth one lakh rupees, for a sum of just 6000. As the day progresses both Ravi and Parvathy are made to drive around and do many things, including leaking Ravi's firm's top notch business plan to the rival group, bargaining with a sex worker etc. Venky also traps them in a lodge where he tries to make advances to Parvathy but stops short of proceeding further. At last, towards the late hours of the night, they reach Ravi's boss's house. Ravi is asked to shoot his boss if he wants to have his daughter alive. Ravi enters the house and to his surprise finds his colleague Devi there. Part of the drama unveils to the audience now: it is Devi's house, Venky is her husband, Ravi and Devi have been having an extramarital affair. In the subsequent few minutes, we realise that all this was a drama plotted and enacted by Venky and Parvathy, both hurt by their partners` deceit, to teach their partners the pain they themselves went through. The last shot of the movie has Ravi and Parvathy an year later at a hospital for the infirm. They see a paralyzed Devi, a victim of a suicide attempt, taken care of by the affectionate Venky.
14106445	3	Meet the Libner brothers: Marvin ([[Daniel Stern , the oldest, is a sergeant in the U.S. Air Force. Buddy , the middle child, is a timid dreamer. Bobby , the youngest, is a handsome rebel in reform school. As kids, they fought a lot and as adults, they barely speak to each other. In the summer of 1963, their tough and eccentric father, Fred , gives them a task: to bring a 1954 Cadillac, bought for their mother, Betty , from Detroit to Miami. As the trip goes on, the three brothers fight and begin to reconnect with each other, while trying to keep the Caddy in mint condition.
1667811	1	Charlotte is a "chaste" good girl who is having some very bad dreams about sex. Her dreams are the only place where her dream lover is a dark, handsome vampire; however, that is a bit of a dilemma for her real-life boyfriend, who's not quite as fascinating as the vampire dream boy. Charlotte is given the choice between staying with her life as she knows it, or becoming a part of the vampire's world. There is also the usual struggle between such opposing entities as Charlotte sees she also has to not only choose between her boyfriend and her mysterious nighttime visitor, but also between light and dark, and good and evil. In the end, after briefly kissing Milo and being interrupted by Eliza, the campus slut , she ends up having the dream one last time. This time, the vampire is telling her to come to him, as he believes there is nothing left for her here . After some dream scenes, finally, Charlotte is in the tower with the vampire. Chris  is there, but the vampire pushes Chris away, and is about to put the bite on her when she utters Chris' name; he at first tells her not to think of Chris and instead think of himself and her as a couple. Then, after Charlotte utters Chris's name again, the vampire then says she can't take his life to the eternal life, and disappears. Charlotte and Chris wake up in the morning and kiss, and the vampire dies while laying in a sunbeam.
3320466	3	The film centers on professional racecar driver Frank Capua and his wife Elora . Frank spends too much time in the garage, pushing Elora into the arms of Newman's main rival on the track, Luther Erding .
3906544	1	The story involves a small town cosmetic company chemist  who is upset at his wealthy employers, because he feels they have denied him his due share of company success. To get revenge, he breeds giant bats. He then conditions them to kill those wearing a special after-shave lotion he has concocted. He cleverly distributes the lotion to his enemies as a "test" product. Once they have applied the lotion, the chemist then releases his Devil Bats in the night, which kill his two former partners and three members of their families. A hot shot big city reporter gets assigned by his editor to cover and help solve the murders. He  and his bumbling photographer  begin to unwind the mystery with some comic sidelights. The mad chemist is, predictably, done in by his own shaving lotion, and by his own creation—the dreaded Devil Bat.
6172917	3	Carl , Ed , Frank , Carl , and Patti McTeague  are the greedy relatives of a wealthy, wheelchair-bound scrap-metal tycoon Uncle Joe McTeague . They continually suck up to him and try to outdo each other in order to inherit his millions for when he passes away. With their attempts constantly failing and irritable Uncle Joe showing a decided interest in his new sexy "nurse" Molly , Frank decides to hire a private detective named Laura  to bring in his brother Daniel  believing if they can make up, Uncle Joe will thaw towards them. Instead of finding Daniel, Laura finds his son Danny  of whom Uncle Joe had always been especially fond when he was a little kid. Professional bowler Danny left the family with his father, but he accepts the cousins' invitation to return — after rolling a gutter ball in a big tournament and finding out that he has a pre-arthritic condition developing in his wrist. Danny's television sports producer girlfriend Robin  encourages him to ask Uncle Joe for a loan to invest in a bowling alley. A typically rude and crude Joe says he will lend the money only if Danny sides with him against his own father. Danny is offended and leaves with his girlfriend, much to the annoyance of the other relatives. They confront Molly later on and she realizes just how conniving and desperate they are for Uncle Joe's money. Uncle Joe asks Danny to visit him at his scrapyard, to apologize for trying to bribe him with money, but the old man soon receives a phone call telling him that he's going out of business. Realizing that his relatives could declare him incompetent and throw him in a retirement home, he tells Danny that he plans to hand his fortune over to Molly. But Danny realizes how much he'd like to inherit his fortune and tells him not to rush into anything. Danny moves in with Uncle Joe and starts competing for his money, even so far as to sing a Jimmy Durante song with him that Joe loved him to perform as a little kid. But Molly has other ideas and decides to use her "assets" to outdo Danny and have sex with the old man, if only to keep the relatives from getting his money. But after her successful attempt to get Joe in the bedroom, they are interrupted by Danny's father Daniel and he and Danny engage in an heated argument, in which Danny chooses Uncle Joe over him. Molly feels disgusted with herself for almost having sex with Joe and tells Danny she has to leave, but not before Danny promises to look after Joe. However, Danny tells Robin that he'd actually hired an actor  to play his "so-called" father, to win favor with his Uncle, and she feels he's become too greedy and leaves him. At Joe's attorney's office, Danny is ready to inherit Joe's fortune when his relatives arrive with his real father. Danny admits to him that he's become as bad as the rest of the family. But it soon becomes apparent that Uncle Joe is not only bankrupt, he is swimming in debt. After a big scene that involves Frank fighting Danny, the relatives leave and Joe tells Danny that he was simply "playing them" to find out who actually loved him. Danny tells him "nobody loves you." Danny leaves to make up with Robin where he has a message written out during a game saying "He was broke," but she makes him realize that he still cares about his uncle. When Danny asks Douglas where Uncle Joe is, Douglas states that he doesn't know. With ill health, no money and no place to stay, Danny and Robin decide to let Joe stay with them in their apartment. But Joe gives them another surprise, and reveals that he's not really broke and still has a fortune as he has them look outside to find Molly and Douglas outside. He offers the two of them to stay with him "Whatever I own, you own". The film ends with Uncle Joe calmly getting up out of his wheelchair and exiting their apartment whilst Danny and Robin watch in awe.
29745638	2	A terminally ill crime boss, known only as The Man, hires a hit man named Frank to carry out his own assassination as well as the assassination of The Woman he loves. When The Woman turns out to be Frank's long lost lover, he turns against The Man becoming the target himself.
4139688	2	A Boeing 747 lands in the middle of a desert. A young Russian woman is tortured by getting dunked in the aquarium of her apartment until she drowns dreadfully. Skydiving instructor Richard 'Ditch' Brodie  takes on a new client, Chris Morrow , who on her first jump does not open her parachute and apparently dies. Brodie discovers that Morrow faked her death and that she is really a Russian spy trying to recover a shipment of gold. Brodie uses all of his skydiving skills to outwit the villains and to stay alive.
5757360	2	In the 1700s, a beggar is tossed into London's Newgate jail, along with a pile of papers upon which his unfinished opera is scribbled. The beggar boasts to the other prisoners that his opera, unlike others of the day, is about a real person, the dashing highwayman Captain Macheath, who, dressed in a red coat, holds off the world with a pistol in each hand, seduces women with five notes of a tune, and generally leaps from misfortune. To the beggar's disappointment, the other prisoners point out that his hero Macheath is among them, in irons and behind bars, and Macheath, who is scheduled to be executed the next morning, admits that there is "no arguing with reality." Taking the first page of the opera, Macheath begins singing, and the beggar, encouraged by Macheath's good voice, urges him to continue, until the following story, the beggar's opera, is sung for the prison inmates: While riding to London, feeling merry and free, Macheath robs a carriage, and steals a kiss and a locket from a maiden. Later, in London, Macheath's wife, Polly Peachum, pines for him. Polly's parents, shopkeepers Mr. Peachum and his wife, are scandalized to learn from their employee Filch that Polly has secretly married the highwayman. To make the best of the situation, as they are always eager to make money, they urge her to lure Macheath into a trap and collect the reward for his capture. Meanwhile, outside of town, Macheath encounters a carriage ridden by Newgate's jailor Mr. Lockit, Lockit's daughter Lucy and Mrs. Trapes, whom Lockit is wooing. Lucy, who met Macheath when he was once imprisoned, scolds him for taking her virtue without making good on his promise to wed. When Macheath rides off, Mrs. Trapes suggests that Lucy betray him for the reward and give the money to her father. Later, during a tryst in a hayloft, Polly warns Macheath that her parents are mounting an ambush. Macheath escapes with Polly's help after a swashbuckling fight, then hides in a back room of a tavern, where he is unable to resist socializing with the prostitutes, whom he considers friends. However, prostitute Jenny Diver has been bribed by Peachum and Lockit to betray him, and with the help of her colleagues, Macheath is soon captured. From his jail cell, Macheath urges Lucy to steal the jail keys and set him free, promising to marry her in return, but then Polly shows up and he is forced to introduce the women to each other. During the night, Lucy steals the keys and releases him, but later Polly sneaks back and, finding Macheath gone from the cell, screams in anguish without thinking, thus drawing attention to his escape. Meanwhile, Macheath disguises himself in the stolen cape and gloves of a lord and slips into a gaming house to avoid making good his promise to unite with Lucy. However, the proprietor recognizes the cape and alerts Lockit and Peachum about the impostor wearing it. Back at the jail, Polly is accused of freeing Macheath and is locked in Lucy's room, where Lucy, after losing track of Macheath, attempts to drug her. When they hear the recaptured Macheath being returned to prison, Lucy and Polly proceed to Macheath's cell and demand that he choose between them. He refuses, as he will soon be hanged and sees no reason to disappoint either of them. The next morning, riding atop his coffin as it is carted through the streets to the gallows, Macheath waves farewell to the friendly crowd that has gathered to see him off. At the gallows, after kissing both Lucy and Polly goodbye, Macheath is blindfolded and awaits his fate, and the opera comes to its incomplete end. The real Macheath, who is still in the jail, protests that he should not have to hang twice. After pondering the complaint, the beggar agrees and yells for Macheath's reprieve. The rest of the prisoners join in the chant and mob the turnkey, who comes to investigate the ruckus, allowing Macheath to escape. The highwayman steals a horse from the cart containing his coffin and when safely out of London, sings that his freedom has been returned because of a beggar's opera.
29204234	2	A fading actress, Sheila  finds consolation in a stranger, Margo  during her train journey. Sheila tells Margo of her desire to divorce her husband, and in turn Margo shares her hatred for her domineering mother. They jokingly suggest performing a murder on each other's behalf. But all too soon the joke becomes reality.ONCE YOU MEET A STRANGER Hallmark Channel. Retrieved on 15 October 2010
2580504	2	Bridges plays an ex-GI, Frank Pryor, who arrives in London to visit a wartime girlfriend, whom he hasn't seen in six years. His arrival at the airport coincides with a man being killed by a sniper, and he finds himself to be a suspect. Pryor is detained by Scotland Yard for questioning. Released, he goes to his girlfriend's apartment, and learns that she had an intimate association with the slain man. Scotland Yard keeps a watch on the couple while Frank tries to unravel the mystery of the "limping man".
3303352	2	The film's story concerns Victor Ajax , a young technician in the employ of Trend-Odegard Security. Mr. Trend, co-owner of the company , has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo "The Heel"  and responds by hiring two exterminators who promise to "kill all sizes"  in order to eliminate Odegard and his plan. When Vic, who has been installing security cameras in Trend's apartment building, seems about to go back to the store, Trend distracts him with a lecture about "the grand design" and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl. The dream girl spontaneously materializes in the form of Nancy , who responds minimally to Vic but is enamored of Renaldo. Victor and several residents of the building including Mrs. Trend  run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues, which is ultimately pinned on Victor. The movie is framed by Vic's journey to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy, accompanied by several nuns, races to the scene in order to clear him. Raimi's trademarks are here including his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88  and younger brother Ted Raimi. Noted Hollywood producer Edward R. Pressman also plays a pivotal role.
8162204	2	George Bird , an ordinary, unassuming and unmarried salesman of agricultural implements, visits a physician for a routine check-up and is told he has Lampington's Disease, a newly identified condition which allows him only a few weeks to live. He accepts the doctor’s advice to take his savings and enjoy himself in the little time left to him. A bachelor with no family or friends, Bird decides to spend his last days at an up-market residential hotel among its elite clientele. Bird’s unassuming attitude generates a great deal of interest among the hotel's residents. He is seen as an enigma to be solved, with wild speculations offered as to his identity and possible noble lineage. The hotel's housekeeper  guesses the truth, and Bird confides his secret to her. Bird quickly acquires friends and influence, falls in love , sets wrongs to right, and is offered lucrative business opportunities. But these successes only serve to make him reflect on the irony that he will have no time to enjoy them. During a labour strike by the hotel's staff, Bird comes into contact with Sir Trevor Lampington , the namesake of the disease which overshadows his recently found happiness. Lampington insists that Bird cannot possibly have the disease. During a trip back to his home town, Bird confirms that he indeed was given the wrong diagnosis. Overjoyed, he is ready to begin life afresh with his new sweetheart, friends and business opportunities. In a twist ending, however, he is killed in a car accident on the way back to the hotel. The hotel guests, having learned the truth about Bird's identity and misdiagnosis, quickly begin to cast aspersions on him, but are interrupted with the news that he has died.
8390680	3	From six until midnight, a tango class is led by Carla, who just lost the love of her life, Vincente. The mostly middle-aged, middle-class students attend the class for a variety of reasons, but for the most part they enjoy the sensual romanticism of the tango's dance movements and music. When Vincente's handsome nephew shows up from the countryside, passions grow more heated, and closeted jealousies and rivalries of the students become unscaled. At the film's end, the leader Carla reveals a surprising fact about herself.
12815919	3	Federico Solá is a 30 years old provincial architect who, in the same day, loses his job, his girlfriend, his located room and decides to commit suicide.
28651451	2	In 19th century Moscow Raskolnikov acts out the arrogant theory that he can neglect all laws and proceeds to murder a woman. But he is unable to extinguish the victim from his mind and is plagued by his ceaseless rationalization of his decision.
30231661	2	A group of animal activists, consisting of Dr. Nikki Riley , Gia  and Ben , break into a house and steal dozens of exotic pythons before setting them free into the Florida Everglades. Their actions inadvertently cause the snakes to grow into alarming sizes and threaten the ecosystem, as they kill over 72 alligators in a matter of days. Due to the threat of the invasive species, Park Ranger Terry O’Hara ([[Tiffany  issues permits to the local hunters to exterminate the pythons – much to Nikki’s dismay. However, the hunters themselves – including Terry’s fiancé Justin – are quickly eliminated by the giant snakes. Vowing to avenge her fiancé’s death, Terry and Angie  take boxes of anabolic steroids from Angie’s grandson Manny  and inject them into dead chickens before feeding them to alligators. Among the steroids is an experimental serum that neutralizes muscle growth inhibitors with a side effect of increased aggression. Meanwhile, Nikki and her group set up cameras all over the Everglades to monitor Terry’s activities. They catch and record Terry and Angie feeding the steroid-laced chickens to the alligators. Several months later, Terry meets Dr. Diego Ortiz , who warns her that an all-out war between the giant pythons and the mutated alligators in the Everglades has begun. After seeing a python and an alligator battle each other, Diego urges Terry to cancel a fund-raising event that is to be held that night to help restore a nearby estuary, but his cries fall on deaf ears. As Nikki and her group walk around the forest to plant pheromones, they discover the skeleton of a dead giant python before they are attacked by a giant alligator which eats Gia. On another part of the Everglades, Diego discovers that the alligators have laid hundreds of eggs – all of which are 20-30 times their normal size. He calls Terry and asks her to give him access to explosives to get rid of the eggs, but his request is denied. Flying a helicopter over a swamp, Diego rescues Nikki, but Ben is devoured by an alligator. He offers to fly her to the nearest hospital, but she tells him to bring her to her office immediately. After dropping her off, he returns to the site of the alligator eggs and destroys them with a pack of dynamite. He then finds a cave filled with thousands more eggs and calls Terry, telling her that if she does not evacuate the party nearby, he will call the governor and have him send the National Guard to the quarry. At the fund-raising event, Nikki shows up at the VIP tent uninvited, threatening to blackmail Terry with a disc containing footage of her feeding the alligators. This leads to a fight between the two women that destroys the party. Meanwhile, as Nikki and Terry continue their fight in a swamp, the reptiles crash the event, devouring guest of honor Micky Dolenz and several other partygoers. Realizing that they will have to work together to stop this threat, Nikki and Terry, along with Angie and Diego, drive to Miami to get help and prevent the reptiles from invading the city, but are too late and Angie is devoured by a python as they flee from the city. Nikki comes up with a plan to save Florida: she plants explosives in the quarry while Terry and Diego fly over Miami in a crop duster and spray pheromones they acquired from Nikki’s office, luring the reptiles to them. However, when their plane crashes on a highway after being hit by a python, Terry takes the remaining bottles of pheromones and drives an abandoned car to lure the reptiles away from the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant. Back in the cave, Nikki finds herself surrounded by an alligator and hundreds of hatchlings. Terry rescues her by driving her car with a lit container of gasoline toward the alligator. Surrounded by the remaining reptiles around the quarry, the two women lock themselves inside a supply shed, where Nikki admits to Terry that she released the snakes into the Everglades, to Terry's disgust. Diego arrives in a rescue helicopter and picks up Nikki, but is too late to save Terry, who is caught by an alligator and killed with Nikki and Diego helpless to save her. Nikki blows up the quarry, killing all of the reptiles in sight; but the explosion rocks the helicopter, throwing her off as she falls into a swamp. As the helicopter circles back for Nikki while pieces of pythons and alligators rain around her, she is bitten in half by a python head that is still alive . One year after the incident, Diego cuts a ribbon to inaugurate the O’Hara-Riley Estuary, named in memory of Terry and Nikki.
14228567	2	The trio own a furniture shop  who are staining some furniture they have delivered to Miss Scudder , an attractive curly-haired brunette who owns a boarding house. While attending to their duties , several new boarders at Miss Scudder's place are actually a trio of crooks who have just robbed a jewelry store. The Stooges are held at gunpoint while Miss Scudder is tied up and gagged in her kitchen while the crooks ransack the house to steal several valuable heirlooms in her possession. The Stooges and Miss Scudder work together and unravel the crooks' plot.
17176854	2	Paresh , the protagonist in Swapner Din, cannot afford the luxury of reaching out for the unexplored. For him, travelling in an official jeep across the state is a matter of keeping alive, a business he is forced to do. He screens badly put together family planning films in villages that fall along his predetermined route, often meeting with unpleasant responses from his target audience. His faith in life is sustained by his love for his dream girl - a beautiful actress he saw crying away in a film five years ago and has been haunted by. He has never met her. She accompanies him on his daily sojourns through a sticker of her picture pasted on the projector box he carries along.  Chapal , the proxy-driver Paresh is saddled with, carries a stolen passport that carries his picture under a different name. His dream is to reach Dubai and land a cushy job to end what he thinks is an apology for living. The pregnant and pretty Amina  is running back to her homeland Bangladesh. Her husband, an illegal immigrant, was killed in the Gujarat riots. Her dream is to give birth to her child in her own country, as a legal citizen rooted to his land. Along the journey, the three share their food, their sleep and their dreams trying to help each other get that much closer to the fulfillment of their respective dreams. No one falls in love, no one attempts to molest Amina, not even the goons who take away the jeep at gun-point and leave them in the wilderness of nowhere, and no one comes to their rescue when their lives, along with their dreams, are threatened by the real danger of death.
24578705	2	When Dr Richard Hare's new romantic interest, nurse Sally Nightingale,suddenly leaves St Swithins Hospital, he is devastated. He also leaves and goes into private practice. But when his senior partner, Dr Cardew, has to visit California for a few months, Hare is left in charge. Dr Nicola Barrington joins the practice and Hare is suddenly in love again. The romance doesn't go well, especially when Sally re-appears and takes the job of practice secretary. Nicola is hurt and stalks off. She is replaced by Dr Tony Burke who proceeds to airily order expensive equipment that the practice cannot afford. Hare struggles through various comedic and other complications, mainly steming from Burke's amorous attentions to female patients. After enlisting Sir Lancelot Spratt's assistance to save a young dying boy, he diagnoses Spratt with appendicitis and decides to operate, despite Spratt's loud objections. He objects even more when Dr Burke fills in at the last moment as the anaesthetist. Despite Spratt's vociforous protestations, the operation is a success. Hare in reunited with Nicola and returns to St Swithins.
3247979	3	World War I veteran Waldo Pepper  feels he has missed out on the glory of aerial combat after being made a flight instructor. After the war, Waldo has taken up barnstorming to make a living. He soon tangles with rival barnstormer  Axel Olsson . Enemies at first, Waldo and Axel become partners and try out various stunts. One of these stunts, a car-to-plane transfer, goes wrong and Waldo is nearly killed after Axel is unable to climb high enough for Waldo's body to clear a barn and Waldo slams into it. Waldo then goes home to Kansas to recuperate with an earlier lover Maude  and her family. Maude, however, is not happy to see Waldo at first; because every time she does, Waldo is injured in some way. But eventually they make up and are lovers once again. Meanwhile, Maude's brother Ezra , an old friend of Waldo's, promises to build Waldo a high-performance monoplane as soon as Waldo is well enough to fly it. Waldo's goal is to be the first pilot in history to perform an outside loop, and Ezra feels that Waldo can do it with this monoplane. In the meantime, Waldo recuperates and rejoins Axel and the two eventually get a job flying for a traveling flying circus owned by Doc Dillhoefer . In an effort to attract bigger crowds, Dillhoefer hires Waldo's and Axel's friend Mary Beth  to act as the show's sexual attraction. As the show moves from town to town, and the crew practices new stunts, they experience problems, errors, and crashes. As a result of the death of Mary Beth during a wing walking stunt, Waldo is grounded by an inspector of the newly formed Air Commerce division of the Federal government, a man from Waldo's past during the war named Newt ([[Geoffrey Lewis . Waldo ultimately loses his pilot's license and the Dillhoefer air circus is suspended after Ezra is killed while attempting the outside loop substituting for Waldo. This doesn't stop Waldo from flying for long. Using an alias so that he may continue flying despite being grounded, Waldo gets a job as a stunt pilot in a Hollywood film depicting the air battles of the Great War. Famous German air ace Ernst Kessler  has also been hired by the producers, as a consultant and to fly a Fokker Dr. I replica. The disillusioned, bitter and heavy drinking depiction of Kessler is based on the real German ace and stunt flier Ernst Udet.{{Citation needed}} During filming of a famous wartime duel, though their fighters are unarmed, Waldo and Kessler begin dogfighting in deadly earnest, using their airplanes as weapons, each repeatedly colliding with the other—Waldo in a Sopwith Camel, Kessler in the Fokker. Eventually, they both realize that their planes are too damaged to land. Instead of fighting, each salutes the other, and flies his own way. As the sound fades, the last shot of the film is of a page in an album. One of the pictures is of Waldo. Beneath the picture is a caption: "Waldo Pepper. 1895–1931".
14812466	3	After failing to qualify for the 1974 World Cup, England manager Alf Ramsey is replaced by Don Revie , the highly successful manager of Leeds United. Revie's replacement is Brian Clough , the former manager of Derby County and a fierce critic of Leeds, because of their violent and physical style of play under Revie's management. Furthermore, Clough's longtime assistant, Peter Taylor , has not joined him. The roots of Clough's conflict with Leeds are depicted as happening in a 1968 FA Cup match between Leeds, the leaders of the First DivisionThough Leeds were leading the table, they did not win the league that season, eventually finishing fourth. The eventual winners were Manchester City and Derby, who were struggling near the bottom of the Second Division. Clough, assuming Revie to be a similar man to himself, as they grew up in the same part of Middlesbrough and both played for Sunderland, made many preparations for the match; come the day of the match however, Revie failed to even acknowledge Clough upon entering the Baseball Ground. Derby eventually lost 2&ndash;0.Although Leeds did beat Derby 2&ndash;0 in the FA Cup that season, in reality the game was played at United's Elland Road ground. It was the second of three games between the two sides that season, the FA Cup tie being sandwiched between the two legs of a Football League Cup Semi-Final. Although Clough initially blames the brutality of the Leeds players, he and Taylor recognise that their side are not good on a technical level. So they sign veteran Dave Mackay , along with several other young players. Chairman Sam Longson  is extremely anxious about the investment, as well as the fact that Clough did not consult him before signing Mackay. However, in 1969 Derby are promoted. They once again face Leeds, only to lose 5&ndash;0. The club win their first ever League championship in 1972, meaning a European Cup campaign the following year. They go through to the semi-finals against Juventus. Unfortunately, against Longson's advice, Clough uses his best squad in the last match before the semi-final, against Leeds, purely out of pride and determination to beat Revie. They suffer injuries and Billy Bremner ([[Stephen Graham  sarcastically wishes Clough well for the semi-final. Juventus defeat them easily, and Clough publicly lambasts Longson.In fact, the match between Derby and Leeds took place before Derby's quarter-final match, which they won despite their injury list. Their eventual defeat by Juventus was with a nearly full-strength squad, and Clough blamed Juventus's gamesmanship, rather than Sam Longson for Derby's exit. Later that year, after Taylor suffers a heart attack, Clough tries to secure his position by offering up his and Taylor's resignations. To his horror, the club's board call his bluff, terminates their contracts and bans them from entering the Baseball Ground again . Derby fans' outrage raises Clough's hopes of being reinstated, but Dave Mackay is appointed manager instead. Derby fans quickly lose interest and Clough loses all hope of getting his job back. He and Taylor are then offered jobs at Brighton & Hove Albion. They agree to take the jobs after taking an all-expenses-paid holiday in Majorca. During the holiday, Clough agrees to take control of Leeds after being approached by their representatives.The film shows him effectively reneging on his deal to take over at Brighton, although in reality he had nine relatively unsuccessful months as manager there. Taylor, however, argues the case for staying at Brighton, and after a bitter quarrel, the two go their separate ways. Back in the storyline's "present," Clough alienates his players in their first training session, first by telling them that they can throw away any awards they have won because they "never won any of them fairly," and then making them start with a 7-a-side game. The season starts with a Charity Shield match against FA Cup winners Liverpool, which is widely anticipated as both the final match of Liverpool manager Bill Shankly and Clough's debut as Leeds manager. Unfortunately, the event is marred when Leeds's captain, Billy Bremner gets into a fight with Kevin Keegan. Both are sent off, and in turn throw their shirts off and walk off the pitch bare-chested in defiance. Leeds lose the match on penalties, and Bremner is given a two-month suspension from football, forcing Leeds to start the season without their influential captain. As a result, Leeds suffer a horrendous start to the season and are in danger of relegation only one season after winning the title. After Bremner and the players air their grievances to the board, the club terminates Clough's contract - though he forces them to pay an enormous severance package. Afterwards, Clough agrees to do a final interview with Yorkshire Television, but finds Revie there to confront him, bringing the two face to face at last. Clough accuses Revie of being cold-hearted and fundamentally dishonest, both as a person and a football manager, and Revie in turn brands Clough as inflexible and egocentric. Clough brings up the incident in the 1968 FA Cup, and Revie claims to have not known who the rookie manager was at the time . After the interview, Clough drives down to Brighton to patch things up with Taylor. It involves Clough literally on his knees, grovelling at Taylor's dictation, but they reconcile. In the film's epilogue, the audience is told that Don Revie proved a complete failure as an England manager, and afterwards never worked in football in his home country again, spending the rest of his career working in the Middle East where he was accused of financial mismanagement. Brian Clough and Peter Taylor meanwhile reunited at Nottingham Forest, where he repeated his prior achievements with Derby by taking them up and winning the First Division, and this time bettered both Revie and his own spell at Derby by winning two European Cups in succession. The film ends by branding Clough "the best manager that the English national side never had."
4055486	1	While California University professor Douglas McCadden  explores the tomb of the ancient Egyptian king Tutankhamun, an earthquake causes a wall in the tomb to collapse, revealing a hidden chamber. Inside, McCadden finds a mummy in a sarcophagus. Unbeknownst to McCadden, the "mummy" is not the body of a dead Egyptian, but an extraterrestrial alien in suspended animation. It was wrapped up and buried alive thousands of years before, covered with a dormant, green fungus. The body is brought back to California and McCadden has it examined by Dr. Ken Melrose  and X-rayed by student Peter Sharpe  before a big press conference about the discovery. While reviewing the X-rays, Sharpe notices there are five crystals around the "mummy's" head. Sharpe steals the crystals and makes new X-rays to cover his theft. He sells four of the crystals to students who are unaware of their origin. The second set of X-rays overdose the body with radiation. This causes the fungus to re-activates and the alien to awaken from suspended animation. At the press conference the next day, one of the students touches the fungus on the sarcophagus and loses his one of his fingers. Then, the sarcophagus is opened to reveal that the mummy is gone. Melrose and his colleague Dr. Hayworth  attempt to identify the fungus and destroy it. At first, everyone assumes that the mummy's disappearance is because of a fraternity prank. However, University President Wendell Rossmore  wants to pin the "theft" on McCadden, so that he can give the Egyptian department's directorship to his flunkie, Bruce Serrano . Meanwhile, the "mummy" tracks down the students who have the stolen crystals, The crystals are crucial components of an intergalactic transportation device that will allow the alien to return to its home planet. The alien violently reclaims its crystals, and, when he brutally attacks a female student, Lt. Plummer  is called in to investigate the crime. As more students turn up dead or injured, Plummer believes that he is on the trail of a serial killer. While Plummer conducts his investigation, McCadden translates the hieroglyphic text from the sarcophagus. He hopes it will reveal the identity of the mummy. The text reveals that Tutankhamun found the alien in a coma-like state. Thinking that the unconscious alien was a god, Tutankhamun and his attendants touched it and were killed by its infectious fungus. The king and the alien were then buried together in the king's tomb. McCadden, having figured out that the "mummy" is an alien, makes the connection between the alien and the crystals. He then traces the stolen crystals back to Sharpe, who admits to the theft and gives McCadden the one crystal he kept for himself. In the end McCadden, Rossmore, Serrano, two students, a security guard and the alien all end up in a boiler room where the alien has set up its transportation device. The alien activates the device by placing the last recovered crystal on it; his mummy wrappings disintegrate, revealing his true form. The security guard attempts to shoot the alien, but accidentally shoots McCadden instead. The alien takes McCadden's hand, and the two disappear. A single crystal is left where the alien stood. Serrano grabs the crystal, and the fungus begins to destroy his hand.
16586995	2	My Apocalypse is the surrealistic story of Stewart Savage , who is actually the notorious serial killer known as the North City Stalker. Stewart still lives with his parents, Jack  and Linda , in an overcrowded future world where the polar ice caps have melted and the military controls all aspects of everyday life. The Savages only have their apartment for half a day. At 6 p.m., they must turn it over to Nathan Eastman , his wife Victoria , and their son Victor . Stewart, however, sees everything as idyllic and in bright colors; his family is wholesome and happy and his girlfriend adores him. In reality, he is very much insane; he hates his meaningless job, strangles his girlfriends, and prefers the psychotic solace of the world inside his head. He has just murdered his latest girlfriend, Susan Stone . Completely unaware of the difference between fantasy and the state of things as they actually exist, he is convinced that his fiancée is still alive and brings her home to meet his parents at his father's birthday party. Aware of their son's activities, the helpless Savages are full of good cheer and play along with his sick delusions at the party, while actually frightened and angry. While acting as though it is mainly embarrassing, Stewart's annoyed parents attempt to bag the fresh victim before the Eastmans arrive. Though his parents have become complacent with his psychosis, the people who share the apartment are less sympathetic. Stewart becomes more unhinged when they show up. Descending further into madness, he pulls a gun and starts waving it around as he holds his family and the Eastmans hostage. More horrific than being held at gunpoint by a serial killer are the truths that surface when they are forced to speak candidly to one another.
11715286	3	The story centers on a small-town sheriff who witnesses what he believes is a kidnapping and rushes to rescue a woman. The kidnappers turn out to be FBI agents assigned to protect her and deliver her to a big Enron-type corruption trial in Chicago but are later found to be on the take and are villains who are bent on killing her.
19375029	2	Grandma, who recently sold her grocery store, is enjoying retirement with her beloved "grandchildren". She's actually a widow who outlived her only daughter, who was married but childless. Grandma lives in her son-in-law's house and he's in charge of her money, which he has mostly spent. Meanwhile, she is having fun with the Gang—she's not any one child's grandma but everyone's grandma. Her son-in-law, however, wants to remarry and he and his intended both want Grandma out of the house so they can move in. He tells her to get her stuff and get out. He also tells her that she is broke and that he used up all the money from the store sale mere months ago. He says that she is old and that he cannot wait till she dies of old age because that could take forever. He even says he's arranged to have her sent to the Poor Farm. Grandma confronts her son-in-law and the Gang attacks him up on the spot. He manages to escape the children's rampages and then tells Grandma to leave immediately. He finds a letter informing her that she has savings bonds and to communicate with the bank right away. He goes to the bank and discovers they are indeed worth $100,000 dollars . As Grandma is packing, she finds the bonds that she still thinks have no worth. Chubby is flying a kite with Dickie and the kite does not stay up. Grandma tells him the tail needs more weight and uses the bonds to get the kite to fly. Grandma's son-in-law returns to the house, purposely breaks her glasses  and pretends to read a letter that her bonds are worthless. She tells him that the bonds are on the tail of Chubby's kite. He runs outside and tries to take the kite away from Chubby. Grandma then reads the letter  and learns the truth. She sends the Gang out to help Chubby keep her son-in-law from getting the kite. The Gang runs out and beats Grandma's son-in-law to a pulp . They bust his watch  They saw a telephone pole he is climbing to get the kite away from him. He falls in a large puddle and Mary Ann gets the bonds and hands them to Grandma.
3469003	1	Long ago in France, the narrator, a swallow named Jacquimo is flying through Paris and is telling the audience about the story of Thumbelina. A lonely woman longs for a child of her very own. One day, a good witch gives her a barley corn to plant, and the next day the flower blooms, revealing a little girl "no bigger than her thumb". The woman names her Thumbelina. Thumbelina spends time with her mother's farm animals, but is worried that there is no one around, that is her own size. One night, her mother tells her a story about fairies. After being put to bed, Thumbelina imagines that someday she will be able to find someone to love. As she is humming to herself, Prince Cornelius of the Fairies flies by her windowsill and is enchanted by her. The two take a ride on Cornelius' bumblebee, during which they fall in love. During this ride, a toad named Grundel sees Thumbelina and declares to his mother, Mrs. Toad, that he loves her. Cornelius returns Thumbelina to her windowsill and promises to come back for her the next day. After he leaves, Thumbelina goes to sleep in her walnut bed, and is kidnapped by Mrs. Toad despite Hero the dog's attempt to stop her. The next morning, Cornelius has learned of Thumbelina's kidnapping from Hero and sets off to find her. Meanwhile, Thumbelina is on a lily-pad far away from home. Mrs. Toad declares and sings that Thumbelina will join their family singing troupe "Singers de Espana", and Thumbelina will also marry Grundel. The group leaves her alone on the lily-pad to fetch the priest, despite her protests. Thumbelina's cries for help are heard by Jacquimo, who helps her free of the lily-pad and, with the help of a couple of fish and the jitterbugs, a waterfall, and encourages her to follow her heart and find her way home to her mother. Jacquimo himself promises to find Cornelius, who lives in the Vale of the Fairies and is a friend of Jacquimo's. When Cornelius' parents, King Colbert and Queen Tabitha hear of Thumbelina's kidnapping, they watch Cornelius fly off after he asks them to hold back the approaching winter to give him time to find her, worrying that they can't keep winter from coming. Meanwhile, Grundel learns from his brothers, Mozo and Gringo, that Thumbelina has escaped and has gone to marry Cornelius, and becomes so enraged by their mockery that he angrily tosses them up into the air and goes off to find Thumbelina. Thumbelina almost reaches home, but she is stopped by Berkeley Beetle, who becomes smitten with her and wants her to join his act at the Beetle Ball. Thumbelina is forced to perform at the Beetle Ball, but at the end is kicked out for being "too ugly", although Jacquimo discovers her afterwards and assures her that Cornelius's opinion of her is all that she needs. The next day, searching for the Vale of the Fairies, Jacquimo seeks help from a fleeing rabbit and its pursuer, a fox. The fox angrily shoves him out of the way and into a tree, driving a thorn straight through his wing and wounding him severely. Grundel, who is also searching for Thumbelina, tracks down Beetle, who suggests that they try and find Cornelius- whose relationship with Thumbelina is known to them- with the goal of using him as bait for a trap. But Grundel forces him  to help find Thumbelina. Beetle becomes enraged and threatens Grundel "Listen, pal, this harassment has gone far enough, and I know my rights! I'll report you to the Pond Patrol.", only to get strangled by Grundel, until Beetle finally cooperates and takes his friends to help him in the search. When Jacquimo is trying to ask for directions from a sleeping bear, the bear only responds "I don't want no berries". This makes it even more difficult for Jacquimo, who ends up in the honey pot and is accidentally thrown out by the bear, who resumes sleeping. The cold winter frost arrives, and he becomes too weak to fly to the point that he is blown into the wind. The falling snow also causes Cornelius to fall from his bumble bee into a pond, where he is frozen in ice. Beetle eventually finds Cornelius and cuts out a block of ice in which he is trapped, and takes him to Grundel. With both Cornelius and Jacquimo incapacitated, Thumbelina takes shelter from the winter frost in a shoe. She is rescued by Miss Fieldmouse, who tells her that she has heard that Cornelius is dead. Miss Fieldmouse convinces a heartbroken Thumbelina to join her to visit Mr. Mole, where Thumbelina is asked to sing for him. They take a walk in Mr. Mole's extensive tunnels, where Thumbelina discovers the unconscious Jacquimo, who appears to be dead. Mr. Mole also tells Miss Fieldmouse, in private, that he would like to marry Thumbelina, and she agrees to convince Thumbelina that it would be for the best. Grundel learns that Thumbelina is to marry Mr. Mole and abandons the frozen Cornelius and takes Beetle, allowing the three young jitterbug children that Thumbelina befriended to light a fire to melt the ice that has trapped Cornelius. Thumbelina sneaks out of Miss Fieldmouse's home to visit Jacquimo, reflecting that marrying Mr. Mole might be her best available option, but Jacquimo then wakes up, and Thumbelina removes the thorn from his wing. Though she explains that Cornelius is dead, Jacquimo still ventures off to find Cornelius and the Vale of the Fairies. Believing that she cannot return home now, Thumbelina decides to marry Mr. Mole. However, when Thumbelina is prompted by the Reverend Rat at the wedding ceremony, she responds that she cannot marry Mr. Mole, since she does not truly love him. Grundel and Beetle crash the ceremony, which results in a chase throughout Mr. Mole's caverns. However, Cornelius and the jitterbug children arrive to stop them and Cornelius engages Grundel. Despite his efforts in stalling the crowd long enough to secure Thumbelina's escape, Cornelius is unable to defeat Grundel and the battle eventually culminates in the two falling into a deep pit. Thumbelina manages to scare her panicking pursuers by causing a mountain of jewelry to slide toward them, and she escapes to the surface- the sun shining once again-, where she is found by Jacquimo, who claims to have found the Vale of the Fairies. They fly there, but Thumbelina remains skeptical due to the winter having covered the Vale. At Jacquimo's urging, Thumbelina sings, and the ice thaws and Cornelius, who survived the fall and is still with the jitterbug children, appears to be reunited with his love. Cornelius proposes, Thumbelina accepts, the pair kiss and Thumbelina becomes a Fairy. The wedding is celebrated with Thumbelina's mother, Jacquimo, the jitterbug children, and Cornelius' family in attendance, just before Jacquimo closes the story by saying "And, of course, they lived happily ever after". Screenshots during the credits reveal that Beetle resumed his normal, popstar life and got his wings back; Grundel, too, survived the fall with a broken leg and fell in love with a female toad; Mr. Mole married Miss Fieldmouse; and the rabbit and fox Jacquimo tried to ask for help ultimately found friendship.
26368674	2	Jerry Mason inherits the Hotel Splendide at Speymouth but is disappointed when he sees it is a quiet place with a few permanent residents. Gentleman Charlie, a jewel thief arrives after a long spell in prison expecting to be able to dig up the pearls he had buried - only to find the hotel has been built on the site.
32883699	2	Australian Stephen Manners  travels to New Zealand and falls in love with a Māori girl. He goes home and she dies giving birth to their daughter, Iwa. Iwa is raised by her grandfather Hauraki , who explains to Manners what happens when he returns to New Zealand twenty years later. Manners decides to take Iwa  back to Sydney, Australia, but doesn't tell her that he is her father. Travelling with Manners is John Barris , who Hauraki tells on his deathbed that Iwa's real father actually is a missionary, not Manners. Barris keeps this information to himself and makes advances on Iwa, which are stopped by Manners. Iwa tells Manners she is in love with him, so Manner explains he is her father and she returns to Rotarua. Barris' wife  tells Manners the truth so he returns to New Zealand and is reunited with Iwa, this time as a romantic couple.{{cite news}}
2990106	1	Circus workers land an airplane in the jungles of Africa in search of lions for their show. While trapping lions, the three men meet up with Tarzan , Jane  and their adopted son Boy . Watching Boy's tricks with the elephants, the head of the circus, Buck Rand , realizes that Boy would be a great act for the circus. The group is attacked by natives, and it appears that Tarzan and Jane have perished in a jungle fire. The men take Boy on a plane back to the United States. Tarzan's loyal chimp Cheeta wakes Tarzan and Jane before they are burned by the fire. Then Cheeta tells Tarzan that Boy has left with the men on the plane. Tarzan, Jane and the chimp track across the jungle and eventually end up in New York City where Tarzan is befuddled by the lifestyle and gadgetry of "civilization". Tarzan displays his quaint, "noble savage" ways by complaining about the necessity of wearing clothing, commenting that an opera singer that he hears on a "noisy box" is "Woman sick! Scream for witch doctor!", and expressing his childlike wonderment at taxi cabs. It is noteworthy that Tarzan comments that various African-Americans he sees making a living throughout New York City are from this or that tribe back in their jungle home. Tarzan and Jane attempt to get Boy back first by legal means. This leads to a moving sequence where the judge asks Tarzan what the fishing is like back in Africa and what he considers to be important things that he needs to teach his adopted son. Unfortunately, the circus retains an unscrupulous lawyer who tricks Jane into admitting that Boy was not born in the jungle and is not her actual child and provokes Tarzan into attacking him in the court room. Tarzan makes a daring escape out the courtroom windows and after a rooftop chase by the police ends up doing a high dive off the Brooklyn Bridge into the East River. Tarzan somehow finds the circus where Boy is being held and enlists the aid of circus elephants who are chained to stakes. He calls to them with his "jungle speak" and they take their revenge on their tormentors by tearing free from the chains and destroying the circus. In the ensuing bedlam, Tarzan is able to rescue Boy, and in the film's conclusion the judge grants Tarzan and Jane full custody of Boy before the family returns to Africa.
1397198	2	In the San Francisco of the 1970s, Don Baker , who was born blind, has lived all his life with his mother . When the Fletcher family moves near his home, he meets their daughter Linda Fletcher. Linda takes Don out to parties and fills him with confidence. She talks him into moving out of his mother's house and having his own apartment. She even finds an apartment for him. She encourages Don to become a musician. But after Don moves into his new apartment, Linda meets a guy from a party and goes to live with him in Mexico. Don finds himself all alone. He has made a contract that his mother will not come to see him for at least two months. One month has passed. This is when Jill Tanner  moves in an apartment next door to Don. She listens to Don talking to his mother over the phone and turns on the radio. When Don asks her to turn the volume down, she invites herself over for a cup of coffee. They start talking and find each other friendly. Jill does not realize that Don is blind, until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash on the table. Jill has never met a blind man before, so she asks all sorts of question about how Don manages everyday chores. She tells Don that her favorite quote is from Mark Twain: "I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free. Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies." Don corrects her that actually this is a quote from Bleak House by Charles Dickens. Don makes up a song and starts to sing Butterflies are free on his guitar. Jill takes Don out for shopping to find better-fitting clothes for an aspiring musician. They have dinner together and later spend the night together in Don's bed. In the morning Don's mother, Mrs. Baker , surprises Don with a visit. Mrs. Baker sees that Don has attached himself to Jill . She fears that Jill will break Don's heart just like Linda did. She takes Jill out for a lunch and tries to talk her out of Don's life. Jill has strong feelings for Don and tells Mrs. Baker that if there is someone who should get out of Don's life, it is she. However, Jill herself has problems making a commitment, and when she starts to fall for Don, she begins to look for ways to end the growing relationship. She makes a dinner date with Don, but she appears over three hours late with another man, Ralph . She announces that she is moving in with Ralph, who is director of a play in which she'll be acting . This breaks Don's heart and he gets ready to go home with his mother. Mrs. Baker, who had been telling Don to come back home, makes an about-face and starts telling him not to come home and to face life's challenges. Mrs. Baker leaves. Soon after, Jill departs. Don is shattered and trips over the sofa. Sitting on the floor, he puts his head down on the table in despair. This is when he hears someone opening the door of the apartment. Jill walks in and asks Don what he's doing on the floor. Don says, "I was just about to have a picnic." Jill asks, "Without me?" Don answers, "I didn't know I had a choice." The picture ends with the two embracing.
2246413	2	In the American Old West, the Devil, Mephistopheles , sends his bounty hunter of the damned, the Ghost Rider, to retrieve a contract for a thousand corrupt souls from the town of San Venganza. Given that the nature of the contract would give Mephisto the power to bring Hell to Earth, the Rider refuses to give him the contract and goes into hiding. A century and a half later, Mephisto reaches out to seventeen-year-old stunt motorcycle rider Johnny Blaze , offering to cure his father's lung cancer in exchange for Johnny's soul. Johnny inadvertently 'signs' the contract when, after a paper cut, a drop of his blood lands on the signature space. The next morning Johnny awakes to discover that his father's cancer is cured, but his father is killed that same day in a motorcycle crash. Johnny accuses Mephisto of causing his father's death, but Mephisto considers their contract fulfilled. The Devil tells Johnny that he will return for him in the future when he is "needed". Years later, Johnny  has become a stunt rider famous for surviving disastrous crashes during his stunts. Before a particularly dangerous new stunt, Johnny meets his childhood sweetheart Roxanne , now a journalist, and he makes a dinner date with her that evening. During the same time, Blackheart , the demonic son of Mephisto, comes to Earth, along with the hidden Gressil, Abigor, and Wallow, a group of three fallen angels. They are demons who, after being exiled from heaven by Saint Michael, hid themselves in the elements on Earth: earth, wind, and water, respectively. They are tasked by Blackheart to find the lost contract of San Venganza and use its power to usurp his father. In response, the Devil makes Johnny the new Ghost Rider, and offers Johnny his soul back in return for defeating Blackheart. Johnny is driven straight to the station on his "first ride" where he transforms fully into the Ghost Rider and a fight ensues. In the process, Johnny acquires a heavy chain, which he uses to kill Gressil  while the others escape. While searching for the quarry, Ghost Rider hears a woman being mugged. He stops the mugger and uses his most powerful weapon on him, the Penance Stare; a power by which a person's soul is subjected to all the pain they have ever caused others. The mugger ends up in a catatonic state, worse than death, which is implied to be the "burning" of his soul. Johnny wakes in a cemetery chapel, where he meets a man called the Caretaker , who seems to know all the history of the Ghost Rider. When he arrives home, Johnny finds Roxanne and reveals himself as the Devil's bounty hunter. She leaves in anger and disbelief at his tale. As Roxanne leaves, the police arrive and take Johnny into custody for his connection to the damage done to the city and the deaths caused by Blackheart. He is put in a holding cell with some other prisoners, who mock Johnny and beat him before he assumes his Ghost Rider form, knocking the prisoners down before taking one of their jackets and, after recognizing the only one who made no attempt to harm him as "innocent", he leaves to hunt down Blackheart. That night, Roxanne recognizes Johnny Blaze in Ghost Rider form fighting and defeating Abigor  in full view of the city and a large police force. Johnny faces the police and then leaves. Observing the scene after obtaining the location of the contract, Blackheart realizes that Roxanne is Johnny's weakness. Johnny goes to the Caretaker for advice, who tells him of his predecessor, Carter Slade, a Texas Ranger known as a man of honor before his greed became a reason for him to be sentenced to death. Slade made a deal with Mephisto to break free; in return, Slade became the Ghost Rider who hid the contract of San Venganza. The Caretaker then warns Johnny to stay away from those whom Blackheart can use against him. Johnny then returns home to find that Blackheart has killed his friend Mack  and already has Roxanne. During their resulting fight, Johnny finds that his Penance Stare has no effect on Blackheart, who has no soul to burn. Blackheart threatens to kill Roxanne if Johnny does not deliver the contract to him. Johnny returns to the Caretaker to obtain the contract. Johnny guesses that the contract is buried in one of the graves. He picks up a shovel and prepares to dig, until the Caretaker snatches the shovel and breaks it, revealing the contract hidden in its hollow handle. The Caretaker then reveals that he is Carter Slade, having held on to his last bit of power in expectation of this moment. He tells Johnny that he  is more powerful and unpredictable than his predecessors because Johnny sold his soul for "the right reason," for love rather than greed, and the two leave for San Venganza. They ride together into the desert, both in Ghost Rider form. They stop a short distance from the town, where Slade gives Johnny his lever action shotgun, and the warning to "stick to the shadows" before fading away. After killing Wallow , Johnny gives the contract to Blackheart. He quickly transforms into Ghost Rider in an effort to subdue Blackheart, but dawn comes and he is rendered powerless. Blackheart uses the contract to absorb the thousand souls into his body, referencing the Biblical demon Legion. He attempts to kill Johnny, but is distracted when Roxanne uses Johnny's discarded shotgun to separate them. After she fails to destroy Blackheart, Johnny takes the gun and moves into the shadows; the shotgun turns into a supernatural weapon that shoots hellfire and blasts Blackheart apart. Blackheart re-forms, but Johnny moves in and uses his Penance Stare, made effective by the thousand souls inhabiting Legion's body, to render him catatonic. Johnny turns away from Roxanne, ashamed of his monstrous appearance, but she says she is not afraid, causing Johnny to return to his human self. Mephistopheles appears and gives Johnny his soul, offering to take back the curse of the Ghost Rider. Johnny refuses, saying that he will use his power against Mephistopheles, and against all harm that comes to the innocent. Infuriated of being robbed of the power, Mephistopheles vows to make Johnny pay, to which Johnny in response recites his favorite saying: "You can't live in fear". Mephistopheles then disappears, taking Blackheart's body with him. Johnny and Roxanne share some parting words at the tree on which Johnny carved "J&R FOREVER" at the beginning of the film. Roxanne then tells Johnny that he got his second chance before sharing a final kiss with him. Johnny then rides away on his motorcycle, now a legend in his own right.
32406514	2	A Soviet spy  is on an official mission to obtain sensitive information from NATO about military mobilization. The klutzy intelligence operative has to rely on the instinct of his new partner and love-interest Penelope Lightfeather  as they traipse across the countryside, avoiding counter intelligence agents and distrustful communist operatives.<ref name2006|firstSinger|titleMcFarland}}
1411169	3	:Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film's prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek's workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes's offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma's faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn't understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I'd have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ's Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei's life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince's men that he is the only one who possesses his father's secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei's talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska's decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he's succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It's revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell's clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev's icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.
25496370	2	A Staten Island mob boss Parmie  was robbed by a septic tank cleaner Sully  who had a pal Jasper , a deaf deli employee moonlighting as a corpse chopper for Parmie.
13182925	1	Cayce Bridges  is a psychic gifted in a form of remote viewing and empathy/telepathy that allows her to mentally link with murderers enabling police to catch them. That is until she encounters the mysterious and elusive Shadow Man , who is not only similarly blessed, but is more powerful than she is.
4639222	2	Mike Enslin  is a skeptical author who, after the death of his daughter Katie , writes books appraising supernatural events he has no belief in. After his latest book, he receives an anonymous postcard depicting The Dolphin, a hotel on Lexington Avenue in New York City, bearing the message "Don't enter 1408". Viewing this as a challenge, Mike forces the hotel to allow him to book a stay in the room. After arriving at the Dolphin, Mike is pulled aside by the hotel manager, Gerald Olin . Olin tries to bribe him with cognac, information files and a free upgrade to a luxurious suite to refuse to enter the room. Mike refuses. Olin takes him to his office and explains to Mike that in the hotel's 95-year history, 56 deaths have occurred in 1408, no one survived over the hour. Mike still refuses to leave, and Olin reluctantly escorts him to the 14th floor. Once inside the room, Mike records on his mini-cassette the room's dull appearance and its unimpressive lack of supernatural phenomena. During his examination, the clock radio suddenly starts playing "We've Only Just Begun", but Mike assumes this is a trick of Olin's. At 8:07, the song plays again and the clock's digital display changes to a countdown starting from "60:00". Mike begins to experience supernatural events, including the window slamming down on his hand, the hotel operator calling about food he didn't order, and spectral hallucinations of the room's past victims as well as of his family, particularly his daughter. Mike's attempts to leave the room are in vain; the doorknob breaks off the door, climbing through the air ducts prompts an escape from the corpse of a former room victim, and climbing onto the window ledge reveals the windows of the other rooms are gone. Mike uses his laptop to contact his estranged wife Lily, but the sprinkler system shorts out his laptop. The room temperature drops to subzero when the laptop suddenly begins to work again, and Lily tells him the police have entered 1408, but the room is empty. A doppelgänger of Mike appears in the chat window and urges Lily to come to the hotel herself. The room shakes violently and Mike breaks a picture of a ship in a storm, flooding the room. He surfaces on a beach, the result of a surfing accident earlier in the film, and after returning to a normal life and reconciling with Lily, he assumes it was all a dream. Lily persuades him to write a book about it, but when visiting the post office to send the manuscript to his publisher, he recognizes a construction crew as the hotel staff, and they destroy the post office to reveal Mike is still trapped in 1408, the walls now burnt and broken. A vision of Katie appears to Mike, and after some reluctance, he embraces her before she crumbles to dust. Mike hears the clock radio begin to play and looks for it in the rubble, seeing it count down the final seconds. When the countdown ends, the room is suddenly restored to normal, and the clock radio resets itself to 60:00. The "hotel operator" calls Mike again, and informs him that he can relive the hour over and over again, or take his own life. Mike sees a hangman's noose and has a vision of himself hanged, but refuses. Mike uses the bottle of cognac from Olin to make a Molotov cocktail and sets the room on fire. The hotel is evacuated and Lily is prevented from entering as fire fighters enter the scorched room, pulling Mike to safety. As Mike recovers with Lily at his bedside, he tells her about Katie, but Lily doesn't believe him. The two reconcile and Mike moves back in with Lily. During the move, Lily finds a box of items retrieved from the rubble of 1408. Mike retrieves his tape recorder and after some tinkering, gets it to play. As Lily unpacks their stuff, he replays at the conversation with him and Katie. Lily overhears the record and drops the boxes, staring at the tape in shock. Mike stares at her grimly, as the scene blacks out.  Director Mikael Håfström has stated that the ending for 1408 was reshot because test audiences felt that the original ending was too much of a "downer".http://www.cinemablend.com/dvdnews/Advance-Hint-At-1408-DVD-Contents-4676.html Advance Hint At 1408 DVD Contents - DVD News In the original ending, Mike dies in the fire, happy to see the room destroyed. During Mike's funeral, Olin approaches Lily and Mike's agent where he unsuccessfully attempts to give her a box of Mike's possessions, including the tape recorder. Before being cut off, Olin claims that the room was successfully destroyed and that it will no longer harm anyone ever again, which is why he claims "Mike did not die in vain". Olin listens to the recording in his car, becoming visibly upset when he hears Katie's voice on the tape. He looks in the car mirror and sees a glimpse of Enslin's burnt corpse in the backseat. Olin places the tape recorder back in the box and drives off. The film ends at the gutted room, with an apparition of Mike looking out the window and smoking a cigarette. He hears his daughter calling his name, and disappears as he walks towards the room's door. A sound of a door closing is heard and the screen blacks out. The alternative ending is the default ending on the Blu-ray release and two-disk collector's edition. Canadian networks Space and The Movie Network broadcast this version of the film, as does U.S. network FX, although Space did broadcast the original ending version on July 23, 2012. The UK and Australian DVD and U.S. iTunes version also use this ending.
30456198	2	Yuichi Shimizu  is a young man who takes care of his grandparents in a decaying fishing village in Nagasaki. His grandparents raised Yuichi instead of his mother. Yuichi now works as a civil employee. He is a lonely man. One day, Yuichi meets Yoshino Ishibashi  an insurance sales woman from Fukuoka. They first met through an online dating site. Their meeting ends in tragedy with Yuichi murdering Yoshino. Unexpectedly, a rich young university student from Fukuoka, named Keigo Masuo  ends up as the prime suspect. Hiding in fear and agony, Yuichi goes on with his daily life. Then one day, Yuichi receives an email. The email is from Mitsuyo Magome , a woman from Saga. Yuichi and Mitsuyo exchanged emails in the past after meeting through an online dating site. Mitsuyo currently lives a mundane life, working at a men's clothing store and living with her younger sister. Looking for companionship, Mitsuyo decided to reach out to Yuichi after a lengthy time without correspondence. The two lonely souls then meet for the first time and throw themselves into a moment of love. By this time, Yuichi is now a wanted criminal and his face appears on the news. Nevertheless, Mitsuyo persuades Yuichi to run away with her and not turn himself in. Running away places heavy burdens on their families as well as the victim's family.
10406957	2	Magdi  and Dr. Fouad  meet Souad  and her daughter Mona . Souad, who suffers from poverty, decides to introduce her daughter to Magdi, a rich man, hoping that he can fall in love with her beautiful daughter and ask to marry her in order to save her from poverty. Magid does fall in love with Mona and she falls for him too. The lovers decide to marry each other. Before te marriage, Magdi reveals a personal secret to her mother. Magdi tells her that an accident he experienced left him with sexual dysfunction. Mona's mother, however, accepts this and conceals it from Mona.{{cite web | url Al-Zawjah al-Azra | accessdate Faten Hamama's official website | language  Adab/>
34370049	3	Stacked follows the adventures of three teenage sisters, Ginny , Tallulah , and Shona Turner , and their passage into the world of fashion. Their father  is the writer of a popular men's magazine, Stacked.
33382526	3	Kony is an inspiritational story of a coach and his trainee Kony who fight all odds to achieve their aims. Khidda  is a swimming coach who teaches swimming to underprivileged kids. He picks Kony  from a slum of Calcutta and grooms her to be part of the Bengal Swimming team to compete at the National Swimming Championship. However, politics, poverty and social stigma emerges as distinct roadblocks in their path.<ref nameLessons for the Indian Left from Kony|urlhttp://www.pragoti.in/|accessdate=11 April 2012}}
7803049	2	An abused beagle runs away from his cruel owner  and meets Marty Preston. The dog then follows the boy home, but is not allowed to stay. So, Marty makes shelter from an abandoned shack at the top of a hidden hill, for the dog to stay in for the next few weeks. Marty immediately bonds with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father, Ray, won't let the boy keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. Judd is a mean old man that hunts with his dogs. Shiloh was the most mistreated puppy out of the pack. They return Shiloh to the owner but after Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him take Shiloh back to Judd, Marty hides Shiloh in a shed behind his house. His secret is soon revealed when his mother, Louise, comes up the hill and sees Marty and Shiloh bonding by the hut. When the Bakers' German Shepherd attacks Shiloh, Marty has to turn to Ray to help. Marty takes Shiloh to a vet and Shiloh recovers quickly. Soon, Ray said that it was time to take Shiloh back to Judd. Marty fights a little with his dad about keeping Shiloh and about how much Judd abuses him. Ray initially agrees only to keep Shiloh until he recovers and tries not to grow attached to him, but that night, when he thinks Marty is asleep, gives him a treat and afterwards no longer fights Marty's desire to keep the dog. Eventually Marty goes to see Judd and ask him if he could clean up his  place in trade of Shiloh. Marty works the next few days at Judd's and is very excited to get his new dog. After all of Marty's hard work, Judd simply says that there weren't any witnesses to sign and that a contract is no good without it. Marty fights with the beer-guzzling Judd because he worked a lot for Shiloh. Marty continues working, though, sometimes overtime without being paid a penny more. Marty told Judd that he wanted Shiloh and that he worked very hard for nothing. Marty keeps Shiloh for the next few days when cold-hearted Judd comes to take the pup. Marty fights again with Judd again about keeping Shiloh with the help of Ray. Then, Judd tries to kidnap Shiloh. Ray comes to the rescue and knocks Judd down, and the two have a fight. Judd quickly escapes Ray, grabs Shiloh, and drives away in his truck. Marty could already tell how much Judd was going to abuse Shiloh. Watching Marty and Shiloh in the mirror, Judd seems to consider everything and with a loud groan, Judd says "Shiloh, huh?" and releases the sweet beagle from his truck and Shiloh runs with a small bark of joy into Marty's arms. Sheena Easton sings the theme "Are There Angels" for the Shiloh soundtrack during the credits, which shows Marty happily walking with Shiloh at his side.
338962	1	As an eight year-old boy, Allen Bauer  is vacationing with his family near Cape Cod. While taking a sight-seeing tour on a ferry, he gazes into the ocean and sees something below the surface that fascinates him. Allen jumps into the water, even though he cannot swim. He grasps the hands of a girl who is inexplicably under the water with him and an instant connection forms between the two. Allen is quickly pulled to the surface by the deck hands and the two are separated, though no one else apparently sees the girl. After the ferry moves off, Allen continues to look back at the girl in the water, who cries at their separation. She then dives underwater again, showing her mermaid's tail. Allen comes to believe the encounter was a near-death hallucination, but his bond with the mermaid proves so strong that his subsequent relationships with women invariably fail as he seeks the connection he felt with the mermaid. Years later, Allen  is a co-owner of a wholesale fruit and vegetable business in New York City with his womanizing older brother Freddie . Depressed after his latest breakup, Allen returns to Cape Cod, where he briefly encounters eccentric scientist Dr. Walter Kornbluth  and again falls into the sea. He wakes up on a beach where he encounters a beautiful naked woman  who unknown to him is the mermaid he met as a boy . He instantly becomes attracted to her as she had again saved him from drowning. After kissing him, she dives into the sea and leaves Allen to return home. Kornbluth, while diving seeking proof of strange sea creatures, also encounters the mermaid in her sea form, whom he becomes obsessed with finding again. The mermaid finds Allen's wallet that he dropped in the water and decides to find him in New York. She comes ashore naked at the Statue of Liberty Liberty Island where she is arrested for indecent exposure much to the disappointment of the crowd. Gaining information from Allen's wallet, the mermaid gets released into his care. She picks up English from watching television all day and chooses the name Madison from a Madison Avenue sign. Madison is vague about where she comes from and tries to distract Allen from asking questions about her country of origin. She tells Allen that she will be in New York for "six fun-filled days when the moon is full" and if she stays longer, she can never go home again . Despite Madison's occasional unusual behavior, she and Allen fall in love. Meanwhile, Kornbluth, realizing that the naked woman at Liberty Island was the mermaid he had encountered, pursues the couple, trying to expose her as a mermaid by splashing her with water. Many attempts are unsuccessful and Kornbluth ends up with multiple injuries, including a badly broken arm and whiplash. When he finally does so, Madison is taken in by government scientists led by Kornbluth's cold-hearted former colleague and rival Dr. Ross  for examination. However, Kornbluth regrets his actions after he learns that Madison is due to be studied and dissected, as he just wanted to prove that he wasn't crazy. Allen is, of course, shocked by Madison's secret and when he denies his love for her, Freddie lashes out at him, telling his brother how happy he was with her. Finally, Allen confronts a guilt-ridden Kornbluth at the dentist, who agrees to help him. Impersonating two Swedish scientists, Freddie and Allen enter the lab with Kornbluth and manage to smuggle Madison outside. Madison makes it back to the ocean and tells Allen that he can survive under water as long as he is with her. Allen realizes she was the young mermaid he had met so long before. The United States military arrive to recapture her for research ignoring Allen's demands to let her be free. Although Madison warns him that if he comes to live in the sea he can't return, he jumps into the water after her and they elude their pursuers. Together they swim along the ocean floor toward what appears to be an underwater kingdom.
31229287	3	The film is based on the real story of a Soviet Internal Troops soldier who killed his entire unit  as a result of Dedovschina. The plot unfolds mostly on board of the prisoner transport rail car guarded by a unit of paramilitary conscripts.
62689	3	During a battle in the last months of World War I, the protagonist, an unnamed Jewish private and a barber by profession , is fighting for the Central Powers in the army of the fictional nation of Tomainia, comically blundering through the trenches in combat scenes. Upon hearing a fatigued pilot pleading for help, the private attempts to rescue the exhausted officer, Commander Schultz . The two board Schultz's nearby airplane and fly off, escaping enemy fire in the nick of time. Schultz reveals that he is carrying important dispatches that could win the war. However, the plane loses fuel and crashes in a marsh. They both survive, but the private suffers from memory loss. As medics arrive, Commander Schultz gives them the dispatches, but is told that the war has just ended and Tomainia lost. Twenty years later, as the amnesiac private is released from the hospital, Adenoid Hynkel , the ruthless dictator of Tomainia, has undertaken to persecute Jews throughout the land, aided by Minister of the Interior Garbitsch  and Minister of War Herring . The symbol of Hynkel's fascist regime is the "double cross", and Hynkel himself speaks in a macaronic parody of the German language, "translated" at humorously obvious parts in the speech by an overly concise English-speaking news voice-over.  The Jewish private/barber, unaware of Hynkel's rise to power, returns to his barbershop in the Jewish ghetto{{dn}} and is shocked when storm troopers paint "Jew" on the windows of his shop. In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers, Hannah , a beautiful resident of the ghetto, knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan. The barber finds a friend and ultimately a love interest in Hannah. Soon, the barber is attacked again by Stormtroopers, but is saved when Commander Schultz, now a high official in Hynkel's government, intervenes. Schultz recognizes the barber, who is reminded of the war by Schultz and therefore regains his memory. Though surprised to find him a Jew, Schultz orders the storm troopers to leave him and Hannah alone. Hynkel relaxes his stance on Tomainian Jewry in an attempt to woo a Jewish financier into giving him a loan to support his regime. Egged on by Garbitsch, Hynkel has become obsessed with the idea of being Emperor of the world, dancing at one point with a large, inflatable globe, to the tune of the Prelude to Act I of Richard Wagner's Lohengrin. Against Garbitsch's advice to reinforce the violence against Jews, Hynkel plans to invade the neighboring country of Osterlich, and needs the loan to finance the invasion. When the Jewish financier refuses, Hynkel reinstates and intensifies his persecution of the Jews. When Schultz, who is empathetic to the Jews, voices his objection to the pogrom, Hynkel denounces Schultz as a supporter of democracy and a traitor, and orders him placed in a concentration camp. Schultz flees to the ghetto and begins planning to overthrow the Hynkel regime with Hannah, the barber and other residents there. After discussing and then abandoning a proposed suicide mission, Schultz and the barber are captured and condemned to the camp.  Hynkel is initially opposed by Benzino Napaloni , dictator of Bacteria, in his plans to invade Osterlich. Hynkel invites Napaloni to a military show to impress him with a display of military might and psychological warfare, but this ends in disaster. After some friction, a comedic food fight between the two leaders and a deal between the two leaders on which Hynkel immediately reneges, his invasion proceeds. Hannah had emigrated to Osterlich to escape Hynkel, but once again finds herself living under Hynkel's regime. Schultz and the barber escape from the camp wearing Tomainian uniforms. Border guards mistake the barber for Hynkel, to whom he is nearly identical in appearance. Conversely, Hynkel, on a duck-hunting trip, falls overboard and is mistaken for the barber and is arrested by his own soldiers. The barber, now assuming Hynkel's identity, is taken to the capital of Osterlich to make a victory speech. Garbitsch, in introducing "Hynkel" to the throngs, decries free speech and argues for the subjugation of the Jews. The barber then makes a rousing speech, reversing Hynkel's antisemitic policies and declaring that Tomainia and Osterlich will now be a free nation and a democracy. He calls for humanity in general to break free from dictatorships and use science and progress to make the world better instead.wikiquote:Charlie Chaplin Hannah, now an impoverished laborer in a vineyard in Osterlich, hears the barber's speech on the radio, and is amazed when "Hynkel" addresses her directly: "Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, Hannah. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed and brutality. Look up, Hannah. The soul of man has been given wings, and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow — into the light of hope, into the future, the glorious future that belongs to you, to me, and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up!" As she rises, an aged man  asks, "Hannah, did you hear that?" The girl silences him with a gesture, saying, "Listen," and turns her face, radiant with joy and hope, toward the sunlight.Eidenmuller, Michael E. "The Great Dictator" ". American Rhetoric. Retrieved April 1, 2012.
13699003	3	In a prologue set in 1976, American epidemiologist Don Francis arrives in a village on the banks of the Ebola River in Zaire and discovers many of the residents and the doctor working with them have died from a mysterious illness later identified as Ebola hemorrhagic fever. It is his first exposure to such an epidemic, and the images of the dead he helps cremate will haunt him when he later becomes involved with HIV and AIDS research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 1981, Francis becomes aware of a growing number of deaths from unexplained sources among gay men in Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco, and is prompted to begin an in-depth investigation of the possible causes. Working with no money, limited space, and outdated equipment, he comes in contact with politicians, numerous members of the medical community , and gay activists. Of the latter, some such as Bill Kraus support him, while others express resentment at what they see as unwanted interference in their lifestyles, especially in his attempts to close the local bathhouses. While Francis pursues his theory that AIDS is caused by a sexually transmitted virus on the model of feline leukemia, he finds his efforts are stonewalled by the CDC, which is loath to prove the disease is transmitted through blood, and competing French and American scientists, particularly Dr. Robert Gallo. These medical researchers squabble about who should receive credit for discovering the virus. Meanwhile, the death toll climbs rapidly.
14746604	2	The Stooges run a tailor shop that is about to be repossessed by the Skin and Flint Finance Corporation. When the boys hear about a big reward for fugitive bank robber Terry "Slippery Fingers" Hargan , they think that catching him might end their financial woes. Hargan conveniently ducks into their shop and leaves a suit jacket with a safe combination in its pocket. After quietly sneaking back into the shop while the Stooges are elsewhere searching for clues, Hargan snatches a handful of suit jackets in hopes of retrieving the combination. He then later returns with his henchmen, and a wild mêlée follows. The Stooges end up getting the reward to pay off their debts and, with a stroke of luck, wind up with the crook's bankroll as well.
2400444	3	When race car driver Brewster Baker  is stopped at a gas station, parts are stolen from his race car. Then while in a diner in a small Texas town, he sees some people stealing parts from another car, and chases the thieves. When the thieves' van goes into a river, Brewster rescues them and discovers that they are orphaned children. The kids were stealing auto parts for a corrupt sheriff, who jails Brewster for breaking and exiting, larceny, resisting arrest and speeding. After the kids help break Brewster out of jail, Brewster reluctantly takes the children with him. Eventually, they form a friendship and bond. The end of the movie features real race footage from the 1982 NASCAR Coca-Cola 500, held at Atlanta Motor Speedway and won that year by Darrell Waltrip.
4232773	2	Retired Russian Special Forces hit man Nikolai "Nick" Cherenko  is a simple man trying to live a simple life in his small Russian town. He has a pretty wife named Alina , a son named Vanya , and a successful profession as an automobile mechanic. But one day, Russian mob boss Sasha Popov  and his gang come to town. Caught in the crossfire is Nick's family. When the smoke clears, Alina and Vanya lie dead in the streets. Nick arms himself and tracks down Sasha and his gang, cornering them in a drug deal and laying waste. Years later, Nick emigrates to the U.S. and takes a job as a car mechanic in Los Angeles. And then wealthy Mary Abramoff  tracks him down. She pleads with him to go to Russia and retrieve her daughter Julia , who has been kidnapped and forced into the sex trade. Mary knows Nick's past and, though he is initially reluctant, when she shows him a picture of the kidnapper, he changes his mind: it is Sasha Popov, somehow alive after Nick shot him in the face years ago. Nick takes the next plane to St. Petersburg, Russia, and he joins up with a band of mercenaries led by British mercenary William Burton . Their mission is clear: free Julia from Sasha, and mow down anyone who stands in their way.
11350779	2	The film begins with a title card describing Holmes and Watson as "ageless", as an explanation as to why the film is set in the 1940s rather than Holmes' era of 1881–1914, as the preceding 20th Century Fox films were. Though there is a nod to the classic Holmes in a scene where Holmes and Watson are leaving 221b Baker Street, and Holmes picks up his deerstalker. Watson protests, and Holmes reluctantly puts on a fedora instead. Holmes is called into the "Inner Council" of British Intelligence by Sir Evan Barham ([[Reginald Denny , to assist in stopping Nazi saboteurs operating in Britain, whose activities are announced in advance in radio broadcasts by "The Voice of Terror". Gavin ([[Robert Barron , one of Holmes's operatives, is killed with a German dagger in his back. Before he dies, Gavin utters the word "Christopher." Later, Holmes and Watson go to the Limehouse district of London, where they meet with Gavin's wife Kitty . Holmes tells the council that, through the use of an oscilloscope to carefully analyze and compare sound wave patterns from radio broadcasts of live vs. pre-recorded voices, he has determined that "The Voice of Terror" is actually recorded on phonograph records in England, but broadcast from Germany. Using a tip from Kitty, Holmes and Watson go to the old Christopher Docks, where they are followed by Sir Anthony Lloyd  of the council. The three men are captured by a group of Nazi spies led by a man named Meade , although Meade manages to escape through a trap door to a waiting speedboat. Kitty pretends to be a thief on the run and joins Meade. She finds out that Meade plans to go to Sir Evan's country estate that night. There Holmes and Sir Evan watch a German plane attempt to land, but gunshots fired by Sir Evan disrupt the Nazi rendezvous, all the while Meade hides in the dark. After one of Holmes informants traces Meade and Kitty to the south coast of England, Holmes forces the council to go there with him. With the support of British troopers, Holmes captures Meade and a group of German soldiers stationed in an abandoned church. There he reveals the true identity of "The Voice of Terror" as Sir Evan Barham, who happens to be an impostor. Holmes then reveals that in World War I, the real Barham was a prisoner in a German war camp and had an uncanny resemblance to a Heinrich Von Bork, a member of the German Secret Service; one day the real Barham was taken out executed; the gentleman who called Holmes into the case was Von Bork himself who had posing as Barham for 24 years; Holmes then adds that Barham had no immediate family, so his private life was well studied by Von Bork, who also studied at Oxford and had knowledge of the English language and manners. So, with a little help of plastic surgery, not to mention the resemblance to Barham in the first place, the deception was carried out thoroughly. Holmes also concludes that the real Sir Evan Barham carried a scar from childhood, the one Von Bork carried from plastic surgery was approximately 20 years old - the clue that gave away the fact that he was an impostor. Holmes then informs the spies that the German invasion force has been destroyed. The angry Meade shoots and fatally wounds Kitty, but is killed himself as he attempts to escape. The Council stand around the murdered Kitty and swear that her heroic death will not be in vain. The film ends with a direct quote from "His Last Bow": :Watson: It's a lovely morning, Holmes. :Holmes: There's an East wind coming, Watson. :Watson: I don't think so. Looks like another warm day. :Holmes: Good old Watson. The one fixed point in a changing age. But there's an East wind coming all the same. Such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter, Watson, and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But it's God's own wind none the less. And a greener, better, stronger land will be in the sunshine when the wind is cleared.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9
13263387	1	While flying a kite on a hill, two children named Stevie and Nancy are swept away aloft by their kite in sci-fi fashion to a fantasy, wonderland-type world called Agapeland. It is a lush green place near a river, containing over-sized mushrooms, living plants, and friendly woodland animals. Shortly after their arrival in the pleasant Agapeland, Stevie and Nancy discover the Marvelous Music Machine, which Stevie explains is a "quanamatic digilator." Stevie tries to make it work, but only succeeds in causing it to produce a loud noise, which shoves him back into the Music Machine's caretaker , The Conductor. When one of the children asks how the machine works, The Conductor simply smiles and replies: "You put something in it [a slot on the machine], and a song comes out." The next few minutes are spent singing songs, playing around, and learning important things. But partway into the film, the storyline  takes a twist: across the river from Agapeland, it is revealed that there is a barren, dry, creepy, dark place plagued with misery . This land is inhabited by the Pudges (three barefoot, waif-like, young characters similar to [[dwarf , and their scheming, grouchy "friend", Mr. Pims. Upon the transition to the miserable land, we see Mr. Pims enlist the three Pudges, Snard, Grum, and Bubort, to help him in a mastermind, wildly wacky scheme of schemes; steal Agapeland's source of happiness  so that their land may be just as lush and green. Pims also figures out a byproduct as well--once the machine is away from Agapeland, people will have to buy their happiness from him and the Pudges. Immediately, Pims puts his plan into action. He and the Pudges pack up a mule-driven wagon, raft across the river to Agapeland, and spy on Stevie, Nancy, and the conductor, waiting for a moment to steal the machine. Once the three humans leave, the Pudges try everything to get the machine away from Agapeland; however, they continually get distracted  until they finally come up with a terrific distraction: a picnic to keep Stevie, Nancy away from the music machine. Their trick works! Stevie and Nancy return from the picnic to find the machine roped up and being  lifted onto Mr. Pims' wagon. In the nick of time, Stevie uses a jack knife to cut the ropes and thwart Pims' plan , but the Music Machine has been wrecked and disformed from all of its mistreatment and no longer works. The Conductor does everything he can to fix it, but it refuses to play anything. Nancy, upon realizing that the Music Machine is ruined, cries a tear, which falls into the slot. The music machine comes back to life!
8964687	2	At an elite school, a group of student who call themselves "The Sentinels" begin terrorizing their socially undesirable classmates. Soon, one of their targets ends up brutally murdered. An editor of the high school paper begins to investigate and The Sentinels become even more ruthless in their behavior.
17864265	2	A spider is the friend of a young girl named Leslie  who is taking piano lessons from a very strict Instructor . When the Instructor is frightened by Itsy, she calls an Exterminator, that uses more and more extreme measures to try to kill Itsy, most of which end up causing pain and destruction to the Instructor's home, cat, and the Exterminator himself, which turns out to be a heavily-armed android (voiced by [[Phil Hayes . The Exterminator's methods begin to get even more extreme, escalating from poison and vacuums to guns and explosives, until the Instructor's house is eventually blown up. Itsy is finally reunited with the girl , and they go home.
30275589	2	Lawyer Gavin d'Amato  is in his office discussing a divorce case with a client . Noticing the man's determination to divorce his wife, Gavin decides to tell him the story of one of his clients, a personal friend of his. Oliver Rose , a student at Harvard Law School, meets Barbara  at an auction, where they bid on the same antique. Oliver chats Barbara up and they become friends. When Barbara misses her ferry home, the two end up spending the night together. Eventually the two marry and have two children. Over the years, the Roses grow richer, and Barbara finds an old mansion whose owner has recently died, purchases it and devotes her time to making a home there. However, cracks seem to be forming in the family. As Oliver becomes a successful partner in his law firm, Barbara, who was a doting and loving wife early in the marriage, appears to grow restless in her life with Oliver, and begins to dislike him immensely. Oliver, for his part, cannot understand what he has done to earn Barbara's contempt, despite his controlling, self-centered, and generally dismissive behavior toward her. When Oliver believes he is suffering a heart attack,  the day after an argument, Barbara  realizes she felt a sense of relief that he might be dead. She tells him so, adding that she no longer loves him and wants a divorce. Oliver accepts, but tension arises between the two when it becomes clear that Barbara wants the house and everything in it, and when her lawyer uses Oliver's final love note to her  as leverage against him in their legal battle. Barbara initially throws Oliver out of the house, but he moves back in after discovering a loophole that allows him to stay. As a result, Barbara immediately begins plotting to remove Oliver herself, even trying to seduce Oliver's lawyer Gavin into siding with her instead. In an effort to win the house, Oliver offers his wife a considerable sum of cash in exchange for the house, but Barbara still refuses to settle. Realizing that his client is in a no-win situation, Gavin advises Oliver to leave Barbara and start a new life for himself. In return, Oliver fires Gavin and takes matters into his own hands. At this point, Oliver and Barbara begin spiting and humiliating each other in every way possible, even in front of friends and potential business clients. Both begin destroying the house furnishings; the stove, furniture, Staffordshire ornaments, and plates. Another fight results in a battle where Barbara nearly kills Oliver by using her monster truck to ram Oliver's antique automobile. In addition, Oliver accidentally runs over Barbara's cat in the driveway with his car. When Barbara finds out, she retaliates by trapping him inside his in-house sauna, where he nearly succumbs to heatstroke and dehydration. While the kids are away at college, Oliver eventually calms down and attempts to make peace with Barbara over an elegant dinner, but reaches his breaking point when Barbara serves him a paté which she implies was made from his dog . Oliver attacks Barbara, who flees into the attic. Oliver boards up the house to prevent Barbara from escaping, while Barbara loosens the chandelier to drop on Oliver in yet another attempt to kill him. When their live-in housekeeper Susan returns home in the middle of the climactic battle, she senses something is terribly wrong and discreetly contacts Gavin for help. By the time Gavin arrives, Oliver and Barbara's quarrel has culminated in the two hanging dangerously from the unsecured chandelier. During this time, Oliver admits to Barbara that despite their hardships, he always loved her, but Barbara does not respond. Before Gavin can come inside with a ladder, the combined weight of Barbara, Oliver and the chandelier is too much for the support cable, which snaps and sends them crashing violently to the floor. In his final breaths, Oliver reaches out to touch Barbara's shoulder, but Barbara uses her last ounce of strength to knock his hand away, firmly asserting her feelings for him even in death. Finishing his story, Gavin presents his client with two options: either proceed with the divorce and face a horrific bloodbath in court, or go home to his wife to settle their differences properly. The client chooses the latter, and Gavin, satisfied, calls his wife and closes up shop to go home.
24565005	2	Faith  is a young woman trapped in a relationship with her abusive boyfriend, Jimmy . She flees from him and moves to Atlanta to start over. As Faith begins her new life, she meets a fun and free-spirited young woman named Lola . Lola lives on a farm with her controlling father, Jorgen , her older brother, and her younger brother. Faith and Lola become good friends, and Lola invites Faith to live with her and her family to help out with the farm work. During the day, the family  work on the farm, and at night the two young women go out on the town to party in Atlanta. Lola brings home a different man every night. Eventually Faith notices that these men disappear after their encounters with Lola, and she suspects that Lola's father is murdering them in the farm's slaughterhouse.
27366970	2	A banker goes to Louisiana to land a deal with millionaire but instead gets involved with the millionaire's wife, Mardi Gras, and a sinister cult.
25222645	2	Carlo Antonelli , an average citizen until the day he is brutally beaten during a violent robbery. But when the police drop the case and the suspects remain free, Carlo is pushed beyond his breaking point. Now one man will launch an all-out war against the criminal scum who plague the cities, where justice has its own rules, vengeance needs no badge and the only force that matters is Street Law.
14836345	2	A pregnant wife  is deserted by her husband ([[Walter Miller  and must give birth alone. After the baby is born, it dies. Meanwhile, the woman who the husband has an affair with , abandons him for another man. So the husband goes to look for the wife and finds her when the child is dying. After the death of her child, the wife wanders into the garden and picks off the blossoms off of a rose bush in anger. She comes back to her husband and realizes she loves him again.
31030659	2	Raymand Goodfellow rides on a country road on his motor scooter. His voice over explains “You can’t control who you fall in love with, or who falls in love with you. Love doesn’t make sense.” The film flashes back to three months earlier to Ray’s time as a confident, self-centered lounge singer/dart thrower. Ray’s band consists of his friends Fozzie , Frank  and the “love of his life” Kelly . Before he joins the band onstage, Ray prays to God asking him for assistance in getting Kelly to love him. Despite Ray’s ongoing affection to her, she seems drawn to Fozzie who, claiming he's genuinely uninterested, is rejecting Kelly’s advances. After Ray’s crowd pleasing performance, he is informed by the bartender that someone has left a package for him. The package contains “love darts.” The instructions for the darts explain that when someone is poked with love dart they are immediately attracted to the first person they see. This attraction lasts for 6 hours. At the end of the 6 hours if the love is meant to last it will, but if the love wasn't meant to be, it won’t. Ray tells Fozzie about the darts and they both agree to have a test run. While the band walks home from a gig, Ray throws a love dart catching a prissy Jersey Girl named Angela. The first man she sees is Ray’s quiet, low-key bandmate Frank. Just as the instructions promised, Angela falls in love with Frank immediately. Ray and Fozzie follow the new couple around. After exactly six hours, Angela appears to still be in love with Frank and Ray declares the darts “effective.” Ray enlists Fozzie’s help in creating the “most romantic six hours” ensuring that Kelly will remain in love with Ray after the love dart’s initial power ends. Fozzie is able to offer several tips, knowing a surprising amount about Kelly and the things that are important to her. Ray goes to Kelly’s house and strikes her with a dart. As promised by the dart’s instructions, she immediately falls in love with him. They go on their date which goes perfectly. Towards the end of the six hours they kiss. When the six hours end, Kelly looks uncomfortable, thanks him for the evening, and leaves. It is clear that the love from the dart did not last. Ray consoles himself by poking one woman after another until he has a whole flock of women  who are completely in love with him for six hours. During this time all he can do is talk about getting Kelly to fall in love with him again. He even contemplates convincing her that she has diabetes so she has to poke herself with the love darts over and over again. The love darts wear off and he is alone again, ready to try his last dart on Kelly one more time. Walking home from another gig with his band, Ray prepares for his final throw at Kelly. Moments before throwing the dart he realizes that his loyal friend Fozzie is really in love with her and that she is really in love with him. Instead of striking Kelly with the dart, he hits Fozzie right as he looks up at Kelly. The two instantly fall in love with each other. A wiser and less self-centered Ray returns to his apartment. He finds another mysterious box outside his apartment with a note that says “nice work.” He opens the box and finds Cupid’s bow and arrow. The film flashes forward to three months in the future at the point the film began. The band continues but without Ray; Angela is the new singer. Frank & Angela and Fozzie & Kelly are still very much in love. Ray is many miles away driving on his motor scooter on the country road his bow and arrow tied to his back. He repeats “you can’t control who you love, or who loves you.” He ends by saying that love doesn’t make sense. He knows all this because “I am the God of the Love.”
22536936	2	Living on City Island, in the Bronx, Vince Rizzo , a prison guard, is the father of a dysfunctional family whose members all have secrets. Vince discovers that his secret illegitimate son is now the 24-year-old prison inmate Tony Nardella  who is being held in the same prison where he works. Without revealing this truth to his family, Vince consequently gets Tony out of prison and employs him as hired help at his own home in order to become closer with his unknowing son. Vince has also been secretly taking acting lessons, taught by Michael Malakov , and begins to form a platonic bond with Molly , an aspiring actress. Meanwhile, Vince's 20-year-old daughter, Vivian , has not told her family that she has been suspended from college, lost her scholarship, gotten breast implants, and has become a stripper to try and pay for her next semester; their youngest teenage child, Vinnie , has a secret sexual fetish for feeding women, feederism, and fantasizes about their fat next-door neighbor; and Vince's wife, Joyce , thinking she has lost all marital intimacy, sexually pursues Tony without realizing that he is her stepson. Vince successfully auditions for a part in a Martin Scorsese film, while his wife and Tony seek each other's sexual attention. Vince, Jr. befriends his fat neighbor, who helps to bring him closer to an overweight girl who he has been attracted to at school. Tensions rise as the family's many dysfunctions come to a head. Tony, finally deciding to escape the insanity of the Rizzo household, steals their car only to find Vivian working at the strip club he visits. Just before the group is nearly torn apart in a violent outburst, Vince reveals the truth about everything, with Tony discovering in amazement that the dysfunctional family he sought to escape is actually his own. Vivian and the others admit their faults and Vince acknowledges the family's problems with the desire to work them out. The finally relieved group reunites in forgiveness toward one another, welcoming the overwhelmed Tony as a new member of their bizarre but loving family.
29816743	2	Isa is a white boy who is abandoned in the jungle somewhere in Southern Africa. He is found and adopted by an old couple of a Swazi tribe. Isa is somewhat isolated in the tribe because of his white skin, and gets nicknamed "Orzowei", "the foundling"; his main antagonist is Mesei, the chief's son. Also because of his white skin, Isa is not accepted in the warrior society, despite passing a painful initiation rite. He ultimately chooses to leave the village, and later joins a Bushmen tribe. The wise Bushman Pao accepts him in his family and teaches him love and respect for all people, independent of colour. When the Swazi and Bushmen get on a war footing, Pao's teachings help Isa put an end to the conflict, thereby beating his all-time enemy Mesei.
10841191	3	{{Plot}} Cute and bubbly Sally Malasmas  reluctantly agrees to process her application for a visa, obeying her parent's wish that their small family be reunited. The rest of her family: mom, dad and older sister, Charry  are already residing states-side and they worry that she is lonely living in the Philippines by herself; but as far as Sally is concerned, her simple Philippine life surrounded by loyal, loving friends and co-workers is nearly perfect. During the interview, things goes awry and her application gets abruptly denied by the handsome, yet dismissive American consul, Will Derby . The next day, a bewildered Will wakes from a one-night-stand with a girl he picked up from a bar the night before and due to the notorious Manila gridlock, he misses work. He finds himself instead diverted to the Census Bureau where Sally incidentally works. Seeing an opportunity for revenge, Sally buries Will's inquiry form beneath an already mounting pile of paperwork. As she expected, Will waits all day for his turn through sweltering heat and hunger until he gets fed up and finally confronts the scheming Sally. She gives him a dose of his own medicine and nonchallantly brushes him off, informing him that his form cannot be processed properly because it is incomplete and that he must return the next day since its time for her to go home. An outraged Will cries foul to Sally's supervisor, who sides with him. Thus, in order to redeem the bureau's reputation, Sally's is ordered to stay behind after hours until Will finds the information he needs. As it turns out, Will's cold and sullen demeanor is due to him agonizing over the search for his birth parents and any remaining family members he may still have in the Philippines; but more importantly, the reason why he was given up for adoption, a question that has been gnawing at him for years. Sympathizing with Will's plight, Sally takes it upon herself to help him find what he's looking for and through this common purpose the pair bonds and grows closer. But it seems that each has a different idea of exactly what their new-found friendship means to the other. Will's casual relationships with women conflicts with Sally's more traditional, old-fashioned virtues. Together, they must set aside differences, overcome clashing cultural prejudices and ethnocentric beliefs; otherwise, unsettled issues may put a stopper to their blossoming romance before they get the chance to realize its full potential.
25500563	2	A Lombardy trucker with 20 years of trade on the back, see you foisted as the second driver a Sicilian much younger men, at first the two are struggling to tie: why so much is rough and taciturn. Their big beast a large truck to transport international wares leading them on the streets of Europe, are friendship between both was born between and it rules sincere harmony. The fellows gathered the savings and signing a lot of bills, on the first trip from owners in Germany to load back comes in trouble with a shady individual police. In problems Sandro and Nino become to dare losing the truck, it will nevertheless be safe and sound from bad adventure, the friends goes an unchanged confidence of his future.Il bestione - Scheda e Trama del Film
18279599	1	AKA: Циганска Магија. A romantic story in gypsy family makes a last, desperate effort to find its way out of the Balkan absurdity and misfortune. Their story mirrors the universal story of the rejected and the maladjusted, the forgotten street heroes who make the news only in the obituaries or crime sections...  A romantic story about a gypsy family, living in periphery of Macedonian capital. It's talk about them efforts through everyday life, colorful describe their ambitions and their honest and sweet dreams . It's film about warm and always hopeful gypsy spirit and performing actual gypsy magic curses. Even, story is placed in a rural part of earth, it's everywhere story, with everywhere problems and situations, some of it from every level of society. Big Dreams, Love, Family, Acceptance of diversity - are spices of this honest and touching story, which gone make you laugh, and cry, from time to time. A bed is an object of a big dream, does it's gone release?{{clarify}} Their dreams are maybe usual and boring but painful honest.{{cn}}
23510332	2	Nathalie Stein, an embittered and exhausted young woman, is currently going through a bitter divorce from her husband Tim. A qualified attorney, she is doing her best to ensure that her two children, Jeremy and Elisabeth, never see their father again. Tim arrives to pick the children up for what is believed to be one last time. He fails to return with the children. Nathalie's dog disappears under mysterious circumstances and she then discovers a piece of paper with the word "Dard"  written in blood in her house. Panicked, she calls the police, who cannot help without more evidence of a crime. She decides to meet Tim and the children in Chinatown, but they do not show up. In the evening, Tim suddenly appears at the house, apparently badly injured. Before dying, he tells Nathalie that the children have been abducted. She immediately informs the police, but when the detective, James Gates, arrives, the body is gone and the site has been cleaned up leaving no evidence that Nathalie is telling the truth. Later a police officer, Phil Warren arrives to question Nathalie. Warren is revealed to be corrupt and overpowers Nathalie. Graphically depicted in flashback, he tells Nathalie that Tim had been hired by the Persian Mafioso Maho and had burst in on a drug deal organised by Maho, killing those present before running off with a million dollars in cash and the cocaine. Convinced that the drugs are hidden in the house, he tells her he has killed her son Jeremy with a chainsaw and will kill Elisabeth as well if he is not told where drugs and money are, Warren then tortures Nathalie in an attempt to get the information out of her, cutting off a finger and a toe with pruning shears. Nathalie eventually manages to break free and kills Warren with a broken bottle. Then a mysterious man by the name of Daniel appears who informs her he had been following Warren. He offers to help her, tends to her wounds and calms her down. His story is somewhat different  - that Tim had chanced upon a drug deal that had gone bad and that he had got hold of the two cases entirely innocently before disappearing. However, it is then revealed that Daniel's intentions are less honourable than they appeared - he drugs Nathalie and disposes of Warren's body. Daniel explains how he tortured and killed Nathalie's loved ones before torturing Nathalie herself with a hammer. Although under the effects of a local anaesthesia, she head-butts Daniel and is able to plunge a hypodermic into his eye before killing him with a knife. Severely wounded, she clambers up the stairs when the phone begins to a ring. It is Detective Gates who is also corrupt. Gates sends her daughter Elisabeth in and points a sniper rifle at her head, ordering Nathalie to reveal the location of the money and drugs and to not move or he will shoot her daughter. Remembering their dogs disappearance, Nathalie suspects it has something to do with where the money is buried so Nathalie and Elisabeth attempt to come up with the answer through a riddle posed in one of Tim's old children's songs which reveals the location to them. As Nathalie bends to pick up a pencil however, Gates shoots Elisabeth in the shoulder. Nathalie picks up Daniel's pistol and shoots Gates as he enters the house. Nathalie runs alone to the cornfield and meets Tim there, who has their son. The true story is revealed - Gates had employed Tim as an informer and was supposed to give him Moha. As Gates was one of the most corrupt cops in the precinct, Tim was ordered to kill Maha and bring him the drugs and money. Tim slipped some E 605 into the coffee at the diner killing the mafiosi and then shoots the other party when they arrive to make the deal. Nathalie was his last obstacle but, as Tim is about to shoot her, he is shot by his daughter Elisabeth from behind. Nathalie and the children begin a new life.
30107472	2	Two hip-hop rappers, A-Maze and Young Eastie, are both struggling in a twenty-four hour time frame in Miami, Florida. Young Eastie is an up-and-coming rapper with big dreams of making music; on the other hand, A-Maze, who already has the fame, is a rapper gone sour with bad press and a change in his fan base. Eastie is working on his music, also working at a fast-food restaurant, selling marijuana out of the window. He and his friend/producer Jay, portrayed by Lil' Scrappy manage to get an interview with A-Maze, which gives Eastie a chance to give him his demo. A-Maze's bodyguard shoots a fellow musician during a club party, which sends the media hounding for his head. The shooting causes his career to go belly-up overnight, and presses his contractor, portrayed by Big Daddy Kane to release his album to capitalize on his temporary limelight. In the meantime, Eastie and A-Maze's rivals  come after both Eastie and A-Maze to keep them quiet about the simultaneous shootings which took place the night before, slowing both of them down before the end of the night.
30419048	2	Su-in, an ex master chef, gets falsely accused of murdering his wife and is sentenced to life in prison. After several failed attempts to escape and prove his innocence, he hears that prisoners with AIDS can be freed on compassionate grounds. Su-in approaches Sang-byung, an HIV positive inmate, and deliberately injects Sang-byung's blood into his body, only to discover too late that the rumor is untrue and merely results in his being transferred to the prison hospital. Sang-byung helps the desperate Su-in to escape on condition he pays a visit to a certain remote café by the coast in Jeju Island. Su-in succeeds in escaping and confronts his wife's lover and real murderer, who's since become a priest. But after confessing to the crime, the priest commits suicide by jumping over a cliff. With no hope of clearing his name and nowhere to turn, Su-in goes to café Luth, run by Mia, a beautiful magician with a painful past of her own. Mia ends up hiring Su-in as a chef, and the two slowly grow closer, knowing that their time together is limited.{{cite web}}
7265771	3	The film tells the tale of Gabrielle Winters , a brain-damaged and institutionalized tutor and proofreader who elaborately recounts the disappearance of the sixteen-year-old girl she was babysitting. Flourish was shot in Los Angeles in May and June 2005, and had its world premiere at the 2006 Cinequest Film Festival. It was released on DVD worldwide on November 14, 2006.
2478900	2	Margaret Ford  is a psychiatrist. She has published a book, Driven: Compulsion and Obsession in Everyday Life, which has made her financially well off. One day, she's in a session with Billy, a compulsive gambler who informs her that his life is in danger. He owes $25,000 to a criminal figure&nbsp;— money he doesn't have&nbsp;— and if he doesn't pay, he will be killed. Margaret visits a pool hall and bar called the House of Games and confronts the man Billy owes, Mike . After a brief conversation, Margaret sizes Mike up as a tough talker, but not a violent gangster. Mike reveals that Billy's debt is only eight hundred dollars and agrees to forgive the debt if Margaret accompanies him to a high-stakes poker game as his girlfriend, using her to help spot the tell of another gambler . Exhilarated at the chance to take part, Margaret even volunteers $6,000 of her own money to back up Mike's bet because she’s spotted the tell that Mike’s opponent is bluffing. Things go wrong. Not only does the player have a winning hand, he also brandishes a gun, demanding the $6,000 she promised as collateral. It is only when Margaret sees a drop of water fall from the pistol barrel that she realizes the whole setup is a con&nbsp;– designed strictly to take her money. Mike and his men see that the jig is up, and nonchalantly pack up the con. Mike apologizes, saying it was “only business ... nothing personal.” Back in her normal routine, Margaret continues to think about her night at the House of Games. She returns, proposing to Mike that she follow him around, learn the ins and outs of his world, perhaps write a book on the experience. Mike is skeptical but agrees. He shows her first-hand how a con game works. Her fascination grows. The pair end up going to a hotel room and making love. Mike mentions that he has a role in another con that night. Margaret begs to tag along. Mike, his associate Joey , and their mark  come upon a briefcase of money that someone seems to have accidentally left on the street before getting into a cab. The three men go to the mark's hotel room to keep an eye on each other and discuss what to do with the cash. Mike confides to Margaret that the $80,000 in cash is real, borrowed from the mob and due back the next day. The plan is to have the mark propose paying Mike and Joey a percentage in exchange for taking the briefcase, but then they will switch the case at the last minute. The mark does as planned, but Margaret sees and hears what no one else does: that he has a gun on his belt, and that he is planning with others over a two-way radio to arrest the trio. Margaret warns Mike and Joey that the mark is a cop and it's a trap, and she is desperate not to get caught herself. A scuffle develops and the cop/mark is killed when his gun discharges. Mike makes a run for it with Joey and Margaret. They steal a car and escape. But the briefcase is nowhere to be found: it's been left behind in the commotion. Mike blurts out that the mob will turn them all in for the cop's murder if they fail to return the mob's money. Margaret, who has now fallen for Mike and fears for his safety, as well as her own, offers to replace the $80,000. Overwhelmed by the experience, Margaret is visited by Billy, her patient, but is too distressed to have a session with him. By sheer chance, she spots Billy leaving her place and sees that his car is the very escape vehicle she was pressed into using during the hotel getaway. Margaret puts the pieces together. She spies on the con men—among whom is the "dead" cop/mark—and sees for herself that everything was a ruse to swindle her out of $80,000; making love to her, she overhears Mike say, was "a small price to pay." Margaret has a gun . She has overheard when Mike is leaving town and lies in wait for him at the airport. At first she puts on an act, pleading to travel with him with the additional $250,000 she says she has brought. Mike coaxes her into a deserted dock of the airport where they can be alone. When she misspeaks, Mike realizes that Margaret knows the score. He tells her there's nothing she can do about it and turns to leave. Margaret pulls out her gun and demands that Mike beg her for his life. He refuses and she shoots him to death. Later, we see that Margaret has gone on with her life, a changed woman, now able to "forgive herself," as her mentor had urged her to do. She shows no sign of guilt or remorse for murdering Mike. She steals a gold lighter out of the purse of another woman in a restaurant and relishes the acquisition.
8212331	2	Ronnie lives in a small sleepy village and is the owner of a small company for deep-frozen goods. Daydreams, contact ads, the firemen's brassband, the weekly visits at his shrink and his buddy Lars' cynical remarks about air guitar and vinyl-records are the highlights of Ronnie's life. Already, as a kid, he had been under the thumb of his control obsessed mother. Ronnie's feelings are as deep-frozen as his goods. Until the day, a wonderful being  strands in the village. The local priest hires the young girl, with the name of Zoya, as housekeeper and within days, every male of the village is infatuated with her. Ronnie also falls for Zoya and, lucky for once, marries her. However, since the presence of Zoya, strange things have happened in the village. Everybody who tries to search in Zoya's unknown past dies, disappears. Slowly that well-known fear sneaks into Ronnie's body: man's fear of women.
10374164	2	The plot centers around the relationship of a 17-year-old couple, Jenny  and Juno , who meet in school. Jenny is a smart, bright and pretty girl. While Juno is cute, cool and good at sports and just got transferred from another school. When Jenny discovers that she is pregnant, she and Juno decide against having an abortion, opting for parenthood instead. Juno starts delivering newspapers to earn additional money to buy the food that Jenny desires. Juno strives to carry out the duties of a good father, and always stays at Jenny's side, taking care of Jenny's nutrition for the sake of their baby. Jenny becomes jealous due to her condition and gets into a mishap with Pyoy, a girl trying to flirt with Juno. Juno breaks up the fight and asks Jenny to never do that again because of worry for their baby. They even went to places for pregnant women, practicing an exercise for pregnant mothers and spend their time together at school and outside. They go out one day a date and take a boat out on a lake, but the ropes that bound the boat were lost and they are left stranded. They try to seek help but there is no mobile phone connection. They wait there until midnight when a fisherman arrives and sends both of them back home. Jenny gets scolded by her mother for returning late. They try to conceal the pregnancy from their families for as long as possible, but the truth is revealed eventually when Jenny's middle sister finds out about her pregnancy. Jenny and Juno tell their parents about her pregnancy, but they do not approve. Jenny is scheduled to be sent to the U.S. where her eldest sister lives but her parents refuse to allow the two to meet anymore. The two get married later in the month by the assistance of their classmates. One day, Juno's friend tells him that Jenny is confirmed to be sent to U.S. None of them however can reach her. Juno keeps waiting in the front of Jenny's home to meet her but her mother and sister keep avoiding him. Juno then follows Jenny's sister and because she cannot bear his sadness, she tells him that Jenny was in the mansion. When Juno finds her, Jenny's water breaks and she is then raced to the hospital and gives birth to a boy. In the last scene, Jenny is pushing Juno to study hard so that he can get a place in a top university. Their son is cared for by Jenny's mother.
24817379	2	Maitre André Gobillot , a distinguished lawyer in his mid 50s, successfully defends a beautiful young woman, Yvette Maudet , who has committed a robbery. In the process, he falls in love with her, putting his reputation and marriage at risk, but she is not true to him, and ends up being murdered by her jealous lover Mazzetti .
33370228	1	Donald Duck is enjoying a luxurious meal under a large portrait of his pioneering grandfather. The narrator notes that Donald's life is significantly easier than that of his ancestor who had to hunt in order to survive. Donald then sees that hunting season begins the next day and, possessed by the spirit of his grandfather, decides to participate. When Donald arrives at the hunting grounds that evening, he finds it extremely overcrowded. Local residents go into hiding as vendors set up shop; the deer in the forrest, represented by a cameo of Bambi and his mother, leave the area after seeing loads of litter wash downstream. The precise opening of hunting season that night unfolds in dramatic fashion. The scenes evoke stereotypical war films, depicting trench and tank warfare, amphibious landing craft, and hunters parachuting into the forrest. At the end of the day, the discouraged hunters trudge home across a war-torn landscape. Yet the narrator notes that the day was "not without game", as Donald's grandfather presents a cow, taken from a local farm, which had the word "cow" painted on it so the hunters would not confuse it for a deer.
26069958	3	{{Plot}} Following the screening of her latest film "The Scarlet Lady", Hollywood movie star April Tremaine is posing for photographs in Chicago when her overly opinionated director, Ivan Ivansky, suddenly orders the newspaper reporters and photographers out of the room. Once they are out, he tells her that her next film has to differ in tone to the previous ones, and April is horrified to know that, in order to accomplish this, he has decided she has to have a baby. Her complaints fall on deaf ears to Ivan, who charges his press agent, Patsy Riley, with the job of finding one for a publicity stunt. Patsy's first thought is to enlist the help of Pennsylvania Railroad locomotive driver Maurice "Mike" Monaghan, an old boyfriend of hers and one of the regular drivers of the PRR's top-link express train, the Broadway Limited. Mike is at first delighted when he hears that they are travelling on the Limited, but is less enthused when he is assigned to try to find the baby required for the stunt. As he gloomily outlines the problem to the bartender of the engine shed cafe, an unknown man nearby overhears, and makes a telephone call before informing Mike that he has solved his problem. Mike is so glad to see his dilemma solved that he vows to remain his lifelong friend - but unknown to him, the kidnapping of a baby belonging to family named Pierson has made headline news. At Chicago Union Station, April's adopted baby attracts a great deal of attention from news reporters. They are watched as they board the Broadway Limited by a suspicious-looking stranger, who hands over some money to the man who helped Mike out of his predicament earlier before boarding the express himself. Mike has been rostered to the first leg of the journey from Chicago to Fort Wayne, where another crew is waiting to take the train on to Harrisburg. As they make their way along the line, he informs his fireman that he is taking his holiday in New York, and won't be returning to Chicago with him. The fireman is rather taken aback when he hears that Mike is travelling on the Limited, especially when he mentions that Patsy is on the train. Meanwhile, Patsy is met by Myra Prottle, the president of the Chicago April Tremaine Club. Patsy is just showing her into Ivan's compartment when she is called away, and when Ivan eventually emerges, he doesn't immediately recognise Miss Prottle and firmly orders her out. She re-enters shortly after on Patsy's prompting, but this time she is on hand to explain who exactly Miss Prottle is to Ivan before he can get rid of her again, whereupon Ivan takes out his annoyance on her at his own mistake and orders her to leave him and Miss Prottle in peace. In her own compartment, April is having trouble with the baby again, but isn't sure how to stop him crying. Thinking that he may be hungry, she leaves him in Patsy's care and goes to the buffet in the observation lounge, where she unexpectedly meets up with her childhood sweetheart, Dr Harvey North, who remembers her by her real name of Mary Potter. Their brief gossip is interrupted when Patsy reminds April about the baby; Harvey, who is especially gifted with children, follows to see if he can help. When they get back to April's compartment, she confides in Patsy that Ivan may have a point in what he had said on their way to the station, about being at home, nurturing her very own child - and a young husband. Realising that she is thinking of marrying Harvey, Patsy rushes back to Ivan's compartment to break the news to him. Meanwhile, Harvey is rather taken aback by the baby's similar appearance to April's, almost as if he were her own. April tries to explain that it is merely a publicity stunt, but Harvey cannot bring himself to believe this, and when she asks for Ivan's support, unaware that he is fearful of losing his leading lady, he denies that he had anything to do with it. Displeased at being fooled, Harvey walks out and returns to the observation saloon, and an angry April forces Ivan and Patsy out of her compartment along with the baby. At Fort Wayne, Mike hands his engine, K4 No. 3763, over to the relief crew and joins the train itself. While he is waiting in the dining car for Patsy, he is briefly harassed by a small boy before being joined at his table by Harvey. Patsy enters the dining car a little later with April and Miss Prottle. Seeing Harvey at Mike's table, April tries once again to reason with him, but Harvey still doesn't believe her. In the end she gets her way by telling him that Ivan was the father. Ivan soon approaches her table with the baby, and is confused when Harvey threatens to knock his teeth down his throat before storming off, but April smugly repeats to Ivan what she had said to Harvey. Horrified, Ivan leaves the baby with April and flees to his compartment to pack his suitcase, ordering the train porter to stop the train and let him off in spite of it being scheduled to run straight through to Harrisburg. The porter has only just gone to talk to the guard about it when Harvey comes to interrogate Ivan. Before he can do so, Ivan reveals to him that it was indeed a mere publicity stunt, leaving Harvey rather ashamed of himself. In the dining car, Mike has joined Patsy and Miss Prottle on their table and is explaining to Miss Prottle about various aspects of railroading. He has just finished explaining how he once avoided crashing into a derailed wagon when a goods train flashes past, causing Mike to leap from his seat and yell a greeting. He explains to Patsy and Miss Prottle that a friend/relative was driving the goods engine. Eventually, Patsy and Miss Prottle head off to help April with the baby, but before she leaves, Patsy and Mike agree to meet in the observation car later on. In the observation car, Mike is just leafing through a newspaper when another passenger comments about the Pierson kidnapping, which is still making headline news. He adds that the last such crime was foiled in just three weeks, the kidnapper being sentenced to death while the accomplice, who didn't realise that the kid had been taken hostage in the first place, was given 177 years - effectively a life sentence. Mike is shocked when he reads that the baby in question is similar in appearance to the one lent to April Tremaine, and was believed to have been heading east. When he sees that the other passenger is a detective, he hastily leaves the saloon and heads for Patsy's compartment to check the baby for the one detail that hasn't been seen yet; a mole on his left shoulder. By this time, Patsy and Miss Prottle have the baby ready for bed, but Miss Prottle insists on staying up late to listen to "Renfrew of the Mounted", a radio series of which she is a big fan. Mike hastily offers to look after the baby briefly while they go and listen to the latest installment on the observation saloon radio. As soon as they have gone, the suspicious character looks through the door and remarks to Mike about the baby, adding that he will be right outside if he needs any help. He shuts the door behind him, and Mike pulls the baby's shirt down to look at his shoulder. Sure enough, he sees a dark patch similar to a mole. In the observation saloon, "Renfrew of the Mounted" is just finishing when Mike comes in and tries to explain their dilemma to Patsy while Miss Prottle takes charge of the baby, but Patsy is so annoyed at his anxious rambling that she mistakes it for lack of interest in her, and accordingly walks out on him. Realising that he is on his own, Mike reacts by collecting every newspaper in the train before discarding them through the carriage window. In the observation saloon, meanwhile, Harvey tries to apologise to April for his misunderstanding, but April refuses to hear him out. Ivan, who had opted to stay on the train after all, steps in and reminds Harvey that he is a mere, underpaid doctor, and advises that he shouldn't interfere with her career any longer. Although suspicious that Ivan may have ulterior motives, Harvey reluctantly agrees; however, his guilt quickly catches up with him again, and his attempts to make up with April are constantly foiled by Ivan staring warily out of his compartment. Ironically, every time he himself tries to talk with April, Harvey catches him out. This goes on until they catch Mike leaving April's compartment. Both are taken aback by this, unaware that Mike was really helping to open April's suitcase. Later that night, Patsy is woken by a sleepless Mike, who tells her that, unbeknown to him until too late, the baby had been kidnapped. Thankfully, Patsy has a plan, and puts Mike in charge of the baby until they get a chance to drop him off at a station. Mike takes the baby back to his compartment and keeps him occupied by telling him "The Three Bears" until he falls asleep mid-story. Shortly, Patsy comes and informs him that the train has made an unscheduled stop. Mike takes this opportunity to leave the baby in the booking office of the nearby station, but just as he leaves the building, the suspicious man finds the baby with a note in his crib: "PLEASE RETURN TO CHICAGO; NOTIFY POLICE". He screws up the note and surreptitiously returns the baby to April's compartment. When Mike returns, he finds that the train is being held up for two and a half hours; there is a flood in the valley, and the express engine has been commandeered to take a consignment of coal trucks to the town affected by the flood. The other engine, a D16, is unable to make it fast enough. Mike suggests that they use the smaller engine to pull the Broadway Limited, but the driver and fireman are sceptical, saying that they "couldn't get enough head on that to haul the Limited around the block". Mike however is insistent, and challenges the superintendent, Mulcany, into firing the engine for him. With that, Mike and Mulcany prepare the D16 while No. 3673 is shunted onto the coal trucks. The D16 slips violently at first, but with careful handling and some sand on the rails, Mike manages to get the express rolling again. Back on the train, Miss Prottle realises that the baby is missing and frantically tells Ivan, who orders the guard to call for the police. Patsy overhears and rushes Miss Prottle back to bed before repeating to Ivan what Mike had told her. Realising that they are headed for prison cells if the police are sent for, Ivan rushes off to order the guard not to send off the message, only to find he is too late. But almost immediately after he finds this out, he remembers that the baby is missing anyway, so they have no need to worry. Meanwhile, April is woken up to find the baby on her bedside table. Although confused at first as to how the baby got into her compartment and why he is wide awake, she sees a chance to make up her dispute with Harvey, and asks the porter to send for him. When Harvey arrives, he deduces that the baby just isn't tired, much to April's relief, but kindly offers to stay and keep an eye on him. By this time April is beginning to realise just how right Ivan was about babies, and expresses to Harvey a desire to have one of her own. Ivan's words are still playing on Harvey's mind, however, and he is therefore rather pessimistic about this until April tells him that she has had enough of making films with Ivan. They both head off to Ivan's compartment, where April confesses her love to Harvey, and the two of them share a kiss just as Ivan opens his door. Ivan is horrified, not only because Harvey went back on his word, but also at April's intention to quit from Hollywood and marry Harvey. They leave Ivan pacing back and forth in his compartment, ranting and raving to himself in Russian as he tries desperately to work out a way round it. By dawn, Ivan is still pacing in his compartment, unable to sleep, when he hits on a compromise whereby  everyone will win. Excited, he heads off to Harvey's compartment and, admitting that he has been rather heartless up till now, proposes to build Harvey's life-ambition - "the finest clinic that science can dream up/money can buy". Harvey is unconvinced at first, but Ivan promises to pay him the required $50,000 and give him a contract before he leaves the train. While they are discussing this, the express enters Harrisburg, where it is to change engines and proceed to New York behind a GG1 electric locomotive. As soon as they have stopped, Mulcany congratulates Mike on his expert handling of the little D16 and wishes him a nice holiday. Mike returns to the train feeling pleased with himself, unaware that the police have begun to search the Limited for the baby. Following a brief visit from one of the policemen, Ivan confides in Harvey about their predicament, and is shocked to hear from Harvey that the baby is still aboard the train. He runs back to April's compartment, where April is just dressing the baby for the day, and explains to her how he had been kidnapped. Patsy enters shortly after, and is shocked to find the baby on April's bed. Ivan hands her the baby and forces her into her own compartment before hastily organising a ruse with April; as soon as the policeman enters, April pretends to be distraught while Ivan keeps him occupied for a short while. Back in Patsy's compartment, Mike comes to inform Patsy that everything is under control - but Patsy reveals that the baby is back aboard the train, much to his bewilderment. He takes the baby back into April's compartment just in time to avoid being caught out by Miss Prottle and the policeman, whom Miss Prottle mistakes for "Renfrew of the Mounted". The policemen soon come to the conclusion that the baby isn't on the train, and head back to make their report. With the coast clear and the engines changed, Mike heads to his compartment with the baby while Ivan, Patsy, April and Harvey try to find a way out of their crisis. Ivan suggests that they get off at Philadelphia, but Patsy reminds him that they will be rounded up by the police even if they don't stay on the train until New York. At Philadelphia, the suspicious man is met by another two men, who join the train for the last few miles to New York. Back in April's compartment, Patsy, Harvey, April and Ivan are still desperately trying to find a solution to their problem - until Miss Prottle points out that they are all heroes. Harvey and April realise that they needn't have worried about the baby after all; they just have to hand him to the police, and they will be on the front page of every newspaper in the USA. At that moment, Mike comes in and announces that he is going to surrender as soon as they reach New York, to which all eagerly agree. Patsy sends him to get the baby, and Mike, elated when he hears that they will all be received to a hero's welcome, instantly obliges. Shortly after, the guard hands Ivan the contract and a $50,000 cheque for the clinic. Harvey is just signing the contract when Mike bursts back into the room in a panic, saying that the baby has gone. All six of them spread out to look for the baby, whom Mike eventually finds with the suspicious stranger. He approaches him, demanding the baby back, but the other two passengers try to restrain him. Mike, however, is too strong for them, and knocks them down before hanging the suspicious passenger on the coat-hanger. Patsy enters and is about to take the baby when the other two passengers come round and bar her way, only to be overpowered once again by Mike. On arrival at Pennsylvania Station, it is revealed that the Pierson baby had been found the night before, and that the suspicious-looking man was actually the baby's father; he had let them use the baby for the publicity stunt on the basis that he could use the $500 reward for a family reunion. The other two characters, he adds, are his brother and brother-in-law from Philadelphia. Mike points out what he believes is a mole on the baby's shoulder, but it turns out to be a false beauty mark that Miss Prottle had lost. With their misunderstanding sorted out, Patsy heads off to Niagara Falls with Mike while the flustered father leaves for his reunion. Before Harvey and April leave, however, they read through the contract and find that the clinic is to be located right across the street from Ivan's studio, possibly indicating that Ivan intended to keep April as his leading lady without interfering too much with her private life with Harvey. As for Miss Prottle, she chases after another policeman, once again believing him to be Renfrew.
4565516	3	Spike is a young black man from Suriname who lives in the Bijlmermeer. He is a student first, but drops out. In order to have enough money to impress his white girlfriend Rosalie  he joins a gang led by Delano  and commits various robberies. A related gang operates a cocaine smuggling route from Suriname to the Netherlands with mules swallowing cocaine pellets. As a mule, Spike is arrested on departure from Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport  near Paramaribo, and incarcerated at Santo Boma prison. Rosalie volunteers as mule also, in order to be able to visit Spike. The film ends after this visit, it does not show whether she actually swallows and smuggles cocaine pellets.
16673963	2	Jeevana Chaitra tracks the life and times of Vishwanath, from his youth, through the days of his jodi inamathi- when he becomes Jodidar Vishwanatha Raya to his end. Being an ideal son, he expresses his interest in Meenakshi  as his life partner, and presents the case before his parents. Though Meenakshi is enamoured towards Vishwanath, she fears that she is too poor to join ranks of Jodidar's. However, Vishwanath's father is more than satisfied with his son's choice and accepts the marriage proposal. Meenakshi and Vishwanath get married. Vishwanath takes over the mantle of Jodidar of Simhaadri and other 8 villages from his father and tries to better the lives of the people of his 8 villages. He fights illiteracy, the illicit liquor racket and other social evils, in order to help villagers. They are blessed with 3 children. The parallel comedy track of the movie is handled by Putta Joisa, who joins as the priest of the family-entrusted main temple. Caught when trying to steal gold from Jodidar's home, he pleads guilty. Vishwanath, the generous man he is, gives him money and asks to leave the village. He reasons that if the villagers learn he has robbed the Jodidar, they are sure to kill him. Putta Joisa leaves in tears, knowing that he does not deserve to be with Jodidar's. The rift at home begins, when their children come of age. The elder son, a doctor, falls for his classmate, the daughter of a liquor baron , who had been thrown out of the village by Vishwanath for brewing illicit liquor during their younger days. Toogudeepa creates a rift between father and son, and verbally insults Vishwanath, when he approaches Vishwanath to discuss the marriage proposal. The real bone of contention is the hospital that Vishwanath has envisioned for the village, which he wants his son Gurudutt and daughter-in-law, both doctors to oversee and maintain for the well-being of the community. However, Toogudeepa berates him for his short-sightedness in presuming that his well-educated and sophisticated daughter-in-law would stay back in a lowly village. Vishwanath is firm, and he insists that if Toogudeepa's daughter is to marry his son, she will have to stay with her husband in their village. Toogudeepa walks away threatening Gurudutt that he can choose either his father's village or his love. Gurudutt fights with his father and leaves home. This comes as a first blow to Vishwanatha Raya. Abhijit, the second son, gets married but his wife is not very happy staying in the village and serving her in-laws. Meenakshi pleads with her brother to allow her niece Lakshmi  to stay with her for a few days. Bubbly, chirpy and sprightly Lakshmi fills the home with happiness. Vishwanath and Meenakshi plan to get her married to their last son Narahari . Narahari, who has a secret love affair, wastes no time in marrying his love and brings her home, once he learns of his parents' plan. Meenakshi and Vishwanath are shocked to see Narahari and his wife. Meenakshi sinks into despair thinking about the heartbreak this would cause her brother, who is delighted to have his child become a bride of the Jodidar household. The burden is too much for Meenakshi and she dies, while welcoming her daughter-in-law. Vishwanath feels lonely and goes on a theertha yaatre, has an accident and loses memory. He wanders around and is shown visiting Badri, Rishikesh, Kedara and Varanasi. When he finds the beauty of Himalaya, he is spellbound by nature and sings his heart out. Putta Joisa finds his old employer, clothed in rags and singing on a Ghaat. He helps Vishwanath regain memory. Meanwhile, Toogudeepa sweet-talks Vishwanath's three sons into handing over the ancestral property, and takes over Vishwanath's property. The 3 sons, who have by now become addicted to sloth and a luxurious life style, even throw their Granny out. Vishwanath returns, only to find his home turned from a temple to a tavern. He single-handedly beats the daylights out of drunkards gathered over there and questions his sons about his mother. Learning that she is passing days in a lonely hut, he visits his mother. Pandari Bhai is filled with joy to find her son alive. She pleads his son to take cudgels against the liquor baron Toogudeepa. Life comes a full-circle to Vishwanath. He once again starts the task of fighting liquor racket, gambling and other evils. He ends up on a winning note, as the gamblers den is made into a primary school and the liquor factory is closed down. His children too learn their lesson and join hands with him. A happy man, Vishwanath creates a will dividing his assets among his sons and leaves to a higher calling. The last scene shows Vishwanath ascending a hill, far away from Simhaadri.
1443743	2	While playing the trumpet in a burning room, the protagonist's voice is heard in narration. His story begins with him posing as "Danny Parker", a speed freak addicted to methamphetamine, who hangs out with friends while indulging in drugs. He also moonlights as an informant for two corrupt cops, Gus Morgan  and Al Garcetti . He is trying to set up a large meth score with notorious drug dealer Pooh Bear , an eccentric psychopath who lost his nose to excessive snorting of "Gack" , while also attempting to set up a sting operation for Morgan and Garcetti. When he returns home, Danny sheds his clothes and his personality, and basks in his past life as trumpet player "Tom Van Allen". He reveals to an abused neighbor named Colette  that he was once happily married, only to watch as his wife was gunned down by masked thieves during a stopover at the Salton Sea. When meeting with Pooh Bear, Danny becomes fearful of Pooh Bear's displays of bizarre homicidal behavior, so he tapes a gun to the bottom of a table. Danny's parents-in-law track him down, believing he has sunk into depression after his wife's death, but he tells them he doesn't want their help. As the deal approaches, it becomes known that Danny is not only working for the police but FBI agents working to take down Morgan and Garcetti, who have committed multiple murders. It is also revealed that they were the men who killed his wife and wounded him as they robbed a drug dealer. Danny had started his own investigation when he found out who Morgan was and delved into the drug underworld to become a believable junkie. On the night of the deal, Danny, with the help of his best friend Jimmy , leads the FBI to the wrong location. Meanwhile, Danny arrives at Pooh Bear's house. At the dinner table, surrounded by Pooh Bear's armed friends, tensions rise and one of Pooh Bear's men tries to kill Danny, who retrieves the gun he stashed earlier and shoots the rest of the gang. Shot in the chest by Pooh Bear, Danny collapses to the floor. Pooh Bear, wounded in the leg, goes to take a shot of meth while mumbling incoherently. Morgan and Garcetti arrive, find the massacre, and Garcetti kills Pooh Bear, whose drug-filled hypo drops to the floor. Garcetti is then killed by Danny, whose life was saved by a bulletproof vest. Morgan is shot twice by Danny, who reveals to Morgan that he knows he murdered his wife. Morgan manages to snatch Danny's gun away, but finds it empty. Danny finds Pooh Bear's syringe on the floor and plunges it into Morgan's neck, then picks up a pistol and briefly contemplates suicide, but then shoots Morgan several times and flees. Back in his apartment, he dons his Tom Van Allen identity again, but is shot by Colette's "boyfriend" , who is actually a man Danny ratted out to the police. Collette says she was forced to betray Danny because her daughter was being held hostage. The room catches fire, and Danny plays one more tune on his trumpet before passing out. He regains consciousness to find that Jimmy has saved him from the fire and taken him to a hospital. After he recovers, he leaves the city, and the identities of Danny and Tom, behind.
34565371	2	Raleigh has leukemia, and he and Iris cannot afford to pay for treatment. They are introduced to Shepard Lambrick, who offers them a deal; if Iris competes and wins in a game, his charitable foundation will pay for Raleigh's treatment and find him a bone marrow donor. The game turns out to be a version of the party game "Would You Rather," but players must instantly act on their choices, rather than simply explaining them, and the game's stakes are lethal.<ref nameTurek|firstSasha Grey, Brittany Snow & Jeffrey Combs Play a Game of Would You Rather|url1 February 2012}}
31782191	2	Nagarjuna plays the role of an assassin, with a disturbing past, on operation to kill the state Governor and her grand daughter.
32038301	2	The film consists of two subplots. The first tells about the life of the writer Jules Verne and the history of creation and publication of the novel In Search of the Castaways. The second actually narrates the novel. Lord and Lady Glenarvan found in the sea a bottle with a letter from Captain Grant, whose ship was wrecked. After the refusal of the British government to conduct searches, The Glenarvans decide to find captain Grant themselves with Grant's children Mary and Robert.
12324827	2	On the evening of August 15, 1995, Nick Rosenberg and his girlfriend Laura Faulkner arrive at a small hotel in the Everglades, Florida to celebrate the 80th birthday of the famous physician Dr. George Rosenberg. At the same time, it is a family reunion for Nick and his siblings, whom he has not seen since the death of their parents years ago. Initially, it is a pleasant reunion. Shortly after the first hotel employee mysteriously disappears, however, the Rosenbergs realize that they are the target of a bloody revenge. Nick fights for his family's survival. Then, an evil lie from the past comes to light.
9875325	1	A new rock-n-roll band plays at a sleepy town called Mill Basin, causing the town's kids to turn into rockers. However, what the town doesn't know is that the band is also turning kids into demonic monsters. The soundtrack features many prominent bands at the time such as King Kobra, Tempest, Hallow's Eve, Lizzy Borden, among others. Most of the music for the band "Black Roses" was performed by the members of King Kobra, with Mark Free on vocals, and Carmine Appice on drums.
10809839	3	The film focuses on three twenty-somethings in an unconventional love triangle in Paris during the summer of 1972. Alexandre  is an unemployed young man involved with both a live-in girlfriend Marie  and the Polish nurse Veronika . He had picked up Veronika at a café after an unsuccessful reconciliation with a former love, Gilberte . With Veronika, he begins a desultory affair. Although Marie affirms her indifference to Alexandre's affairs, she quickly changes her mind when she sees how close he becomes to Veronika. This leads to a growing estrangement between her and Alexandre. The film focuses less on plot or narrative than on the confused and ambivalent life style of these three young people in post-May '68 Paris
597576	3	The film concerns the November 29, 1976 murder of Dallas police officer Robert W. Wood during a traffic stop. The Dallas Police Department was unable to make an arrest until they learned of information given by a 16-year-old resident of Vidor, Texas who had told friends that he was responsible for the crime.{{cite news}} The juvenile, David Ray Harris, led police to the car driven from the scene of the crime, as well as a .22 Short caliber revolver he identified as the murder weapon. He subsequently identified 28-year-old Ohio resident Randall Dale Adams as the murderer. Adams had been living in a motel in Dallas with his brother. The film presents a series of interviews about the investigation and reenactments of the shooting, based on the testimony and recollections of Adams, Harris, and various witnesses and detectives. Two attorneys who represented Adams at the trial where he was convicted of capital murder also appear: they suggest that Adams was charged with the crime despite the better evidence against Harris because, as Harris was a juvenile, Adams alone of the two could be sentenced to death under Texas law. The film's title comes from the prosecutor's comment during his closing argument that the police are the "thin blue line" separating society from "anarchy". This is a re-working of a line from Rudyard Kipling's poem "Tommy" in which he describes British soldiers  as the "thin red line", from the color of their uniforms and their formation.
6781437	2	A famous comedian perishes in a plane crash. Members of his management team, worried that they will be jobless, decide to find someone to take his place as their "meal ticket." Stanley Belt  is a bellboy at their hotel and they decide he will become their next star. Stanley has no obvious talent, but his new managers use their power to open doors for him, including an appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. However, it quickly appears that Stanley will never develop any talent and the managers fire him just before he goes on stage. However, one of them, Ellen , has fallen in love with Stanley and stays by his side. Stanley becomes a hit on the show. The others from the management team come begging for their jobs back, to which Stanley magnanimously agrees.
12802045	2	A passion for golf drives this story about fame, schemes and paying the bills. Having successfully failed at everything, Anthony "Babe" Lombardo rises from his couch potato life with one last hope. He invents the perfect golf swing that he believes will revolutionize the game. Determined to make it bankable, Babe frantically maneuvers amidst suspicious investors, vanishing friends and a disenchanted wife.
29047235	3	The short begins with a pleasant group of mice enjoying various water sports in a kitchen sink. Lurking nearby is a sinister cat who gains the confidence of a dim-witted mouse. The cat persuades the unsuspecting rodent to tell the other mice to become the cat's slaves, and the cat promises a never-ending cheese supply in return. The mouse  follows the cat's orders, but he soon finds out the cat's true intentions—to make them his dinner. The mice then form a united alliance against the cat as both sides prepare for war. After battling the cat a cream is thrown at the mouse throwing him into the leg of the robot they built.
27525185	2	John Craig  is an ageing British secret agent that is tasked with bringing back alive a defected Russian scientist, Kaplan  who has swapped science for a modest life as a goat herder in Turkey. Craig faces opposition from his boss, his younger replacements, an American secret agent, a Turkish hotel keeper and an organization of Russian Jews hostile to Kaplan. Craig's mission is complicated by Miriam , an innocent bystander that is taken hostage.
2497347	2	11-year-olds Wendy Richards, Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch and Nick McBride play hide and seek in an abandoned convent. 10-year-old Robin Hammond joins them but they start teasing her by repeating "Kill! Kill! Kill!". She backs into a window and falls onto panes of construction glass, killing her. The children make a pact not to tell anyone what happened, but a mysterious figure has apparently witnessed the event while a known rapist is blamed for Robin's death and arrested shortly. Six years later Robin's family attend her memorial on the anniversary of her death. Robin's teenage sister and brother, Kim and Alex, are also preparing for the school prom to be held that evening. Their parents will also attend, as their father is the school principal. Kelly, Jude and Wendy receive threatening phone calls, while Nick misses the call intended for him. Kim and her boyfriend Nick will attend the prom together. Jude is asked by goofy jokester Seymour "Slick" Crane who she meets by chance that morning. Kelly will go with her boyfriend Drew Shinnick. He is preoccupied with having sex with her that evening, despite her objections. Nick's ex-girlfriend, the beautiful but scheming Wendy, has no date so asks the school rebel, Lou Farmer. She devises a scheme with Lou to embarrass Nick and Kim. In the change room after gym class, Kim and Kelly discover the locker room mirror severely cracked and a shard missing. The sex offender blamed for Robin's death has escaped and Lt. McBride, Nick's father, investigates. During the senior prom Kim and Nick perform a dance number to impress Wendy who had insisted Nick would be getting back with her after the prom. Kelly and Drew make out in the school changing room, but Kelly refuses to continue to full sex. Drew angrily leaves. As Kelly gets dressed, a masked killer slits her throat. Jude and Slick have sex and smoke marijuana in his van outside school grounds. However, they are being watched by Kelly's killer, who kills Jude by stabbing her throat. Slick brawls with the killer while attempting to drive away. The killer escapes from the van as it tumbles off a cliff and explodes, crushing and burning Slick to death in the flaming wreckage. McBride, staking out the prom, is informed that the sex offender blamed for Robin's death has been caught. He is relieved and ends his scrutiny of the event. Wendy is confronted by the killer in the bathroom and is chased through the school. After evading the killer several times she stumbles upon Kelly's body and, distracted, is hacked to death with an axe . Kim and Nick prepare to be crowned prom king and queen. Wendy's plan is put into action by Lou and his lackeys who tie up Nick with Lou taking his crown and assuming his position back stage. Thinking he is Nick, the assailant sneaks up behind Lou with the axe and decapitates him. Lou's head rolls onto the dance floor and sending the panicked partygoers fleeing in horror. Kim finds Nick and frees him. As they prepare to escape, they are confronted by the killer who attacks Nick. Kim eventually grabs the killer's axe and hits him on the head with it. As Kim and the killer stare at each other for a moment, Kim realizes who he really is. He runs outside where the police have arrived. As McBride tries to shoot, Kim stops him and the killer falls to the ground. The killer is revealed to be Alex, had witnessed Robin's death and dies in Kim's arms after he tells Kim what happened to their sister just before the credits roll.
6530663	3	There is no real plot to these documentaries. Much like its three predecessors, Faces of Death IV provides over 50 gory scenes of dying, murder, accidents, police brutality, execution, cult rituals, and other macabre events. Some of these include a bungee jumping trip gone awry, a magician's fatal mishap with a Houdini trick, a mechanic who has his left leg severed by a falling Corvette, a Satanic ritual that ends in the death of several, a cocaine dealer's fatal wedding, and more. John Alan Schwartz cameos yet again as an ambulance driver. The earlier films in the series were of a more serious nature and tone, whereas this installment leans more toward camp: "Dr. Louis Flellis" sits at his desk in front of a glowing red lava lamp, with a plastic skeletal foot on the desk in front of him during introductions to most sequences. Flellis is also shown eating a plate of barbecue ribs immediately before showing slaughterhouse footage.
12834270	2	San Francisco debutante Jessica Poole hasn't seen her father "Pogo" Poole since the divorce between him and her mother Katharine, many years before. Pogo went off to travel the world and enjoy himself, while Katharine remarried to stodgy banker Jim Dougherty. Now Jessica is about to marry Roger Henderson, a cattle rancher from the Napa Valley, and Pogo has been invited to the wedding. Pogo arrives, as charming as he ever was. He is delighted by Jessica, and captivates her in return. He makes peace with Katharine, and even wins over Toy, the Doughertys' prized cook, though not Jim and Roger. But Pogo is still as irresponsible as before. He invites Jessica to come away with him and "see the world". He even tries to break up her engagement, to Katharine's dismay. He also seems to be coming between Jim and Katharine, who has never quite got over her love for him. Despite Pogo's maneuvers, the wedding goes through. But Pogo has reserved two airline tickets: who's going with him? Katharine, fearing that Pogo has won over Jessica after all, rushes to the airport. Jim, seeing Katharine leave the reception, fears she is leaving him for Pogo, and goes after her. They meet at the airport, and see Pogo boarding a plane - with Toy.
24507654	3	Ajay Singh  meets Asha Chibber , and is led to believe that she belongs to a wealthy family. After a few misunderstandings, he does find out that she is a simple girl living a poor lifestyle. Both do fall in love, and Ajay goes to meet with Asha's brother, Dr. O.P. Chibber , and his wife, Shanti . They are pleased to meet him, and Ajay's mother, Gayetridevi  visits them and approves of Asha. Ajay and Asha get married and settle down. After marriage Asha is expected to conceive, but she is unable to do so. After a certain incident she also loses her eyesight and becomes dependent on Ajay. Frustrated Gayetridevi decides to ask Asha to leave the house, and arranges a second marriage for Ajay, an act which will change the lives of everyone in the house.
4213204	2	Rick Jarmin  helped convict a drug dealing FBI agent named Eugene Sorenson  and was placed in the witness protection program. 15 years later his former fiancé Marianne Graves  crosses paths with him at a gas station in Detroit, Michigan. Rick refuses to recognize Marianne as the witness protection program does not allow contact with people from the witness' previous life. If she recognizes him it may lead to Sorenson finding and killing him. Sorenson has been let out of jail after serving his sentence and with his partner Albert Diggs  they are out to kill Rick in order to smooth the passage of their latest deal with some Columbian drug dealers. Marianne has blown Rick's cover and he makes a frantic call to his relocation officer for a new identity only to discover that his old contact has retired. His new contact, Joe Weyburn , is in league with Diggs and Sorenson. Just as Marianne prepares to confront Rick they are surprised by Sorenson and Diggs who show up at the gas station with guns blazing. They kill Rick's kindly old boss at the gas station pinning the murder on Rick and Marianne who are forced to go on the run. The climax of the film takes place at a zoo, where Sorenson and his men get killed by different animals. Meanwhile, Rick, who suffered a gunshot wound, makes a promise to Marianne that he wants to marry her. In the end, he does and the two of them enjoy a vacation in the Caribbean.
17444132	2	Artie Logan  is the new guy on Campus. Suddenly, he meets Tally Fuller: the most popular and beautiful girl at Fairfield college and she finally agrees to go on a date with him. But that night she is brutally killed by a blowtorch-wielding maniac and Artie is wrongfully arrested. Despite protests from other Police officers, detective P.J. Decker  believes Artie's story and gives him 24 hours to crack down the real killer. But, as Artie gets closer to the killer, each suspect is murdered and all the clues point to him. The campus in the film is Oklahoma State University, in Stillwater, OK. The football scenes, the stadium and the shower scene were all filmed at Union High School's Tuttle Stadium in Tulsa, Oklahoma in May 1991.
7621504	1	Adams after his arrival at the Sedah State Mental Hospital, has a chess game with the facility's administrator Dr. Samuel Delazo  that who later introduced him to a documentary crew that is filming an inside-look at the hospital. Adams himself is actually traumatized by the death of his own daughter. His arrogance and insistence on being right leads him to locking the police away from a suicidal patient named Cheryl and attempting to talk her down himself, only to have Eriq La Salle's character Barnett inexplicably appear on the rooftop and reveal jarring truths about Adams, leading to the patient's suicide. The death calls a halt to the documentary, and Adams prepares to leave, satisfied that he had discovered the secret behind Barnett's real identity, having found and spoken to his mother. Adams and the administrator regretfully say goodbye, having left their chess game unfinished. Just before he leaves, Barnett's mother arrives and asks him to take a fruit basket to her son, whom Adams has had locked away in solitary in a 24-hour straitjacket as a menace to himself and other patients. The mother asks Adams if he believes in God, and he says no. When he opens the door we see Barnett inside the room in the straitjacket, but while still at the doorway Adams is distracted by an orderly , and when he looks into the room it is empty. He looks out into the hallway at Barnett's mom, who takes off her wig revealing a bald head. He chases her around a corner and finds that Barnett's mom is now totally Barnett in women's clothes. He chases him further and stumbles into a bedroom where he finds himself, bleeding, dying or dead, apparently having killed himself over his daughter's death. He then realizes that he is now in a library, and looks around to see the administrator Dr. Delazo sitting on a throne as the devil surrounded by the patients and staff, all horribly transformed, including the recent suicide. The devil says, "Checkmate." Adams tells the assembly that he knows this isn't real, and that he knows who he is. The administrator/devil asks him who is he? Adams says he's a good man. And the devil asks, then why are you here? As he keeps protesting that he's a good man, we fade to black.
20897294	2	Ten-year-old Willie is evacuated from the East End of London, he is chosen by Zander, 13-year-old son of an army captain, to be his companion in a rambling country house. Zander's upbringing makes him snobbish and a bully. Willie does not enjoy shooting birds, playing with toy soldiers, or boxing; his only friends are Zander's nanny, and a young soldier called Blake. His father turns up in the nearby woods, having deserted the army. The nanny gives him food till one night, in panic, Blake shoots him.
13254862	1	Graham's life is full of promise. He has a just purchased a new house which he can now afford because he has landed a successful job. He is something of a suck up yuppie and his potential companion, Judy Dansig, is sex-crazed real estate agent. Unfortunately, his new home has unwanted guest. The ghost of a disgraced destitute shrink, who is carrying on playing mind games. When pieces of people Graham knew begin appearing in his fridge, the police blame him. Graham struggles to figure out what is going on. As the deaths continue he starts to even doubt his own sanity.http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/vagrant/
9678077	1	{{Plot}} By a lake, signs are posted that say "no fishing", "keep out", "private property", "no trespassing", and "beware of dog". Spike is shown guarding the fence asleep. Tom shows up with his fishing gear and he passes through the gate. However, Spike just happens to yawn and recline on Tom's leg. Tom tries to get away, but Spike thinks Tom’s leg is a bone and grabs at it a second time. Spike licks the leg and takes a bite into it; this being Tom’s leg, it causes the cat to scream. Spike wakes up and looks around, but does not see anyone, as Tom hides behind Spike as the bulldog moves around. When he turns around again, Tom sits on the top of his extended fishing pole. Spike still does not see him and goes back to sleep. Tom then walks towards the lake, but as he walks, the hook on his fishing pole hooks Spike’s collar and drags him along. As the line tugs, Tom looks back and sees Spike about to fall off a small cliff of dirt. Frantic, the cat catches Spike and props him up with a stick. Tom then goes over to the lake and starts to fish. In his tackle box are plugs, lures, wigglers, flies, and live bait who was Jerry, sleeping. Tom wakes up Jerry, and the annoyed mouse takes off his robe with a look of disgust on his face. Tom then ties Jerry to his line and casts. Jerry is about to hit the water when he suddenly stops and dips his toe in the water to test the temperature. The water is ice cold, and Jerry races back to the tackle box with his blanket, shivering. A bunch of fish start making noise and Tom lowers Jerry over the water to feed them with. The fish leap at him and Jerry fights them off, kicking and punching. Having failed, Tom casts again and a big blue and green fish with pointy teeth emerges. Jerry is cast into, and is propelled out of, the fish's mouth. The fish chases Jerry, chomping all of Tom’s fishing pole in the process. The fish swats Tom with his tail and returns to the water, where he spits out Tom’s reel and throws it at Tom.  Tom then cuts a finger off a rubber glove and puts Jerry inside, making him look like a worm. Tom casts again and the fish is ready for Jerry. He ties a napkin around his neck and brings out a fork, knife, and dish ready with lemon and butter. Jerry, however, is on the ball and avoids the fork. As the fish leans in closer, Jerry squeezes the lemon into the fish’s face, beginning another chase. Tom grabs an oar and swats at the fish as the chase reaches the pier where he stands. Incensed, Jerry emerges from the other side of the pier with a lump on his head, and gets back at the cat by grabbing the oar and knocking Tom into the water. Jerry then ties a flame hook onto Tom’s tail and dangles it over the side of the pier, provoking the fish to bite Tom’s tail and Tom screams in pain. The fish pulls at Tom’s tail and he hangs onto the pier with his claws. Tom wins the tug-of-war with his tail, but unfortunately this leads to the fish flying into Spike’s mouth just as the dog is waking up. The fish comes out and swats Spike, then Spike realizes that he is balancing on a stick, which promptly collapses. Spike looks around and sees Tom paralyzed with fear. Tom dives in to escape, while Spike looks into the water. Tom emerges through a loose plank in the pier and swats Spike with it, and the dog falls. Tom then grabs Jerry and his pole and runs away until Spike emerges from another loose plank and chases Tom back to the end of the pier. Tom sidesteps Spike and Spike falls in, helped by a kick from the cat. Finally safe for now, Tom runs over to a rock and sees the fish again, so he casts his line again. Jerry then swims underwater and toward Spike who is lying on another pier. Seeing a good chance to frame the cat, Jerry unties the line from himself and ties it to Spike’s foot, then tugs on the line to alert the cat of a bite. Tom yanks the line and gets the dog to fall off the pier and through the water. Spike, seeing the problem, grabs onto the pier, but the continued backward force causes all the boards to stack up and then come loose. The dog, followed by the boards, fall into the water. Tom does not give up the fight, and Spike is squeezed through a pair of rocks on the way back to the cat. Jerry then hands Tom a club to knock out the "fish," and the oblivious cat, believing he has caught the fish and not noticing his bait next to him, wades out into the water and hits Spike in the head multiple times. Eventually, Tom sees who he is attacking and yelps with fear. A lump forms on the dog's head, and the cat tries to remove it by pushing it down and lightly hammering it down. When it returns a third time, Tom hits the dog one more time, which removes the lump but angers the dog even further. Jerry lowers a fishing line to Tom to help him escape from the dog's bite as the chase passes under the tree where the mouse is, but he also teaches Tom a lesson by dangling him within the dog's range and pulling him repeatedly out of the way as Spike continues to bite at him.
3766451	1	{{plot}} Off the coast of a Caribbean island, a young couple flee the hotel to have sex in the sea. But they swim into a sunken wreck which is also a piranha lair and they are both killed and eaten by the unseen piranha. The next day, a group of tourists, including Tyler Sherman, are taking the diving courses provided by Anne Kimbrough, an employee of the Hotel Elysium. One of her divers swims into the wreck, which she has strictly forbidden to her divers. Leaving Tyler to take over and lead the others to the surface, she discovers almost immediately that her 'missing' student has swum into the wreck and been killed there when his badly chewed up body is found. Annie's estranged husband, Steve, a police officer, refuses to listen to Anne about her wanting to have a look at the body, because she needs to know what happened. The death does not seem to match the attack pattern by any of the marine life in this area, which she knows better than anyone. For her not to know what killed a diver is a dangerous sign. Steve intercepts Gabby, a dynamite fisherman, and his son, and threatens to confiscate their boat, but as Gabby explains, Steve, Anne, and he, are old friends. Meanwhile, as the guests begin to flirt with each other, Jai and Loretta, a pair of women, arrive on a large boat. By their own admission, they are sea bandits. Jai sneaks into the kitchen to steal food, but is intercepted by Mel, a cook. She flirts with him, and he offers instead to make her a wonderful dinner. But as he goes to their boat with the meal, they take the meal and then undock, letting the boat drift. Jai and Loretta try to convince Mel to jump, and he tries, and fails, so they mock him and sail off. They sail too far out, and are attacked and killed by the piranha, who have developed the power to fly. Worried about what is going on, Anne finds that she is being frequently bothered by Tyler Sherman, so she takes him with her to the morgue to get a look at the body. It is revealed there that she became a marine biologist before she married Steve, and so she begins taking pictures. There, she finds that the bodies have been eaten in many parts. A nurse comes in, kicks them out, and ends up quickly dead, for a piranha was hiding in the body and escaped it. Armed with the power to fly, it kills the nurse and escapes out a window. In her hurry, Anne left her credit card behind at the scene. Anne and Tyler have a one night stand, but in the morning, while he sleeps, she begins to study the pictures, and is horrified by what she discovers. Steve arrives, throwing the card at her, angry first that she went to the morgue in defiance of him, and secondly that she has man in her bed. She tries to warn him of what she has discovered, but he ignores her and thinks she is a murderess. Anne tries to tell the managers that she is cancelling the dives because it is not safe. He at first pretends to be concerned, but swiftly fires her, thinking she is crazy. Attempting to capture one for further study, or at the very least take some pictures so she can prove what she is trying to tell Steve and the manager, she is intercepted by Tyler, who swiftly informs her that he is a biochemist and member of a team which has developed the ultimate weapon: a specimen of genetically modified piranha, with some other fish's genes intermixed, capable of flying. Earlier, and unfortunately, the team mistakenly deposited  a cylinder full of these fish in the water where the dead couple were found. Gabby provides the proof Anne needs to Steve, calling him and showing him, not merely some flying piranha he has recently caught, and never seen before, but also that they are a serious danger, because they are turning on each other. This is a sign that they are running out of food and will soon attack whatever they come near, including humans. At a meeting, Anne tries her best to reason with the manager, to no avail. Steve surprises her, standing up for her and proving her case for her by throwing the body of a dead piranha onto the table. Steve tells her that she cannot trust Tyler, because the army says he is crazy. She argued that Tyler has just been using her to get the message of the piranha out for him, to protect both himself and the residents of the hotel. Later on, a piranha attacks Gabby's son and kills him, leaving a bereft Gabby to vow revenge by killing the fish in the wreck in which they hide. Anne tries to dissuade him, but it is too late. Having ignored Anne's advice, the manager, Raoul, hosts a nighttime fish party to capture grunion, who come up to the beach to spawn at this time, making them easy prey for humans to capture and kill. Unfortunately for the residents, the piranha are also partially grunion and share the same instinct. Ann gets a man named Aaron to patrol the beach but he is lured to the sea where the piranha mutilate and kill him. During the fishing party promoted by the resort, the piranhas fly out of the water and attack the guests on the beach and at the hotel's courtyard pool. Anne leads those who survive into hotel, where they shut the doors and windows. Gabby tries to attack the flying piranha, but they overwhelm and kill him. In the morning, the flying piranha withdraw back into the ocean, for Anne had discovered that they are not fond of daylight. Tyler and Anne decide to undertake Gabby's plan, and blow up the ship to destroy the predators. Meanwhile, the situation gets even tenser, for not only can the piranha fly, but Anne and Steve's son Chris has been hired, against their wishes, by a local ship 'Captain' Dumont and his lovely daughter Allison. They sail away and strand themselves on an island, leaving them vulnerable to piranha attacks that never actually happen. Getting lost at sea, they try to set sail again, heading straight toward the wreck. When Chris and Allison are stranded in a raft above the shipwreck, Annie and Tyler arrive in a motorboat and don scuba gear to dive down to the wreck to plant the timer charges that Gabby left behind. With only 10 minutes to get out of the wreck before the bomb explodes, Annie and Tyler are trapped in one of the sunken ships rooms by the murderous piranha who all return to the wreck. On the surface, Steve, piloting a police helicopter, ditches the chopper and swims to Annie and Tyler's motorboat where Chris and Allison are. With minutes left to spare before the bomb explodes, Steve powers up the boat and takes off. Down in the wreck, Tyler sacrifices himself to allow Annie to escape out of a porthole and to tie a survival rope around her waist, allowing herself to be pulled away by the motorboat on the surface. At the last second, Annie gets clear and the bomb detonates, destroying the sunken ship and all the piranha with it. With all the murderous fish destroyed, Annie swims to the surface and is picked up by Steve, Chris and Allison in their boat.
30172800	3	The film interweaves stories from teenage girls with provocative interviews from the likes of Condoleezza Rice, Lisa Ling, Nancy Pelosi, Katie Couric, Rachel Maddow, Rosario Dawson, Dr. Jackson Katz, Dr. Jean Kilbourne, and Gloria Steinem to give an inside look at the media and its message. The film’s motto, “You can't be what you can't see,” underscores an implicit message that young women need and want positive role models, and that the media has thus far neglected its unique opportunity to provide them. The film includes a social action campaign to address change in policy, education and call for socially responsible business.
6856839	3	Set in Manhattan in the early 1940s, the film focuses on the relationship between Joseph Mitchell, a writer for The New Yorker, and Joe Gould, an aging, bearded, disheveled bohemian and Harvard University graduate who wanders through the streets of Greenwich Village carrying a tattered portfolio and demanding donations to "The Joe Gould Fund." At times Gould is calmly sweet and perceptive, at others he's a pathological liar and an obnoxious drunk, and he frequently experiences sudden outbursts of rage. Earning occasional financial support from poet e.e. cummings, portrait painter Alice Neel, Village Vanguard founder Max Gordon, and art gallery owner Vivian Marquie, among others, Gould is able to secure a nightly room in flophouses until an anonymous benefactor arranges accommodations in a residential hotel for him. Gould allegedly is collecting the observations of average citizens to incorporate into his oral history of the world, fragments of which he has given to various people for safekeeping. Mitchell meets him in a coffee shop and initially is fascinated by the colorful character. However, with the passage of time, as Gould becomes irritatingly intrusive and demanding, disrupting the ordinary life Mitchell shares with his photographer wife and their two daughters, the journalist begins to question if the elderly man's 9 million-word opus actually exists or is merely a figment of his imagination.
6939334	3	Part One is about 100 minutes in length. The film is set in Shanghai and begins shortly after the Mukden Incident of 1931. Sufen ([[Bai Yang  works in a textile factory; Zhang Zhongliang ([[Tao Jin  gives evening classes to the workers. During a National Day  celebration at the factory, Zhang successfully urges the workers to donate to the Northeastern Volunteer Army who are fighting the Japanese invaders in Dongbei . He is reprimanded by the factory's Manager Wen for going against the Japanese. Sufen and Zhongliang get married and before long, they have an infant son, whom they named Kangsheng . The Japanese invasion now reaches Shanghai. Manager Wen sends his cousin-in-law, Wang Lizhen , to Hankou, Inner China to avoid the war. Meanwhile, Zhongliang joins the Resistance inland as a medic and parts with his mother, Sufen and their baby, who stay on in Shanghai. In 1938, Sufen goes down to the provinces with her mother to join up with Zhongliang's father and younger brother Zhongmin. Because the Japanese are arresting the intelligentsia, Zhongmin, a village schoolteacher, runs away to join the guerrillas in the mountains with three of his friends. The people live a life of suffering under the Japanese. Zhongliang is captured as a coolie but escapes. Zhongliang's father is hanged by the Japanese for trying to work a compromise concerning their grain levy. The guerrillas successfully exterminate the Japanese soldiers in the village, and bring the villagers to the mountains where their base is. However, Sufen and her mother-in-law are sent back to Shanghai. Zhongliang escapes to Chungking, which is outside the sphere of influence of the Japanese, where he cannot find a job. Destitute, he looks for old acquaintance Wang Lizhen. Lizhen gives him a place to stay at her house and finds him a job at her godfather's company. However, he soon discovers that, like almost everyone else in his office, he has practically nothing to do. He degenerates into a loafer, and feels oppressed by the carefree, bourgeois attitudes around him. He finally succumbs to the charms of the liberal-minded Wang Lizhen. At Shanghai, Sufen now works in a war refugee camp, while taking care of her son and mother-in-law. The film ends amidst scenes of a torrential thunderstorm hitting their shanty lodging.  Part Two is about 92 minutes in length. The film continues the story of Zhang Zhongliang in Chungking. After his liaison with Wang Lizhen, he is promoted to be private secretary of Wang's godfather Pang Haogong, and becomes a shrewd entrepreneur. Sufen, on the other hand, continues working in the refugee camp. Their son has grown up to be a young boy. The Japanese decides to dismantle the refugee camp for military purposes, and order an evacuation of all refugees, and the people live through hard times on rice rationing. The homeless refugees are forced to stay in a freezing stream as punishment for a few escapees. Zhongliang and Wang Lizhen get married. The Japanese finally surrenders in August 1945. Zhongliang flies back with Pang to Shanghai while Lizhen stays relunctantly in Chungking. In Shanghai, the Nationalists round up people associated with the Japanese, including Manager Wen, and lock them in jail. He Wenyan , Manager Wen's wife, plays host to Zhongliang. Wenyan transfers Wen's money to her name, and ends up as Zhongliang's secret mistress. Postwar conditions are tough. Sufen cannot afford to stay at her rented shack, and she cannot contact her husband. She offers her services as a servant under He Wenyan. Meanwhile, Wang Lizhen arrives in Shanghai. Kangsheng, Zhongliang's son, becomes a newspaper boy. He Wenyan throws a cocktail party on National Day. While carrying in a tray with drinks for the guests in the hall, Sufen chances on Zhongliang, who is about to dance a tango with his new wife. She overturns the tray in shock, drawing attention from all the guests, and under pressure from Wang Lizhen, confesses to everyone that Zhongliang is her husband. There is an uproar, and Sufen runs off, while Lizhen faints in her room upstairs. Once awake, Lizhen roars for revenge while Wenyan privately gloats over her misfortune. Suzhen goes back after a night in the streets due to the midnight curfew, and reads a letter from Zhongmin, who has now married his sweetheart and is teaching in the countryside. Suzhen confides in her mother-in-law that Zhongliang is back and has married another woman. They go to confront Zhongliang at Wenyan's mansion. Lizhen starts a ruckus and insists that Zhongliang divorce Sufen. Shamed and totally disillusioned, Sufen runs out of the house with her son and goes to a quay, where she asks her son to buy her something to eat. When he comes back, she has drowned herself.
25471984	3	An romantic love triangle comedy about an unlikely group of singles living together in Washington, DC.
2332911	3	An amiable garage mechanic, Ed Walters , meets Catherine Boyd , a beautiful Princeton University mathematics doctoral candidate, as she comes into the garage, accompanied by her stiff and fussy English fiancé, experimental psychology professor James Moreland . There is an immediate connection, but she refuses to acknowledge it. Finding a watch she left at the garage, Ed travels to her address and finds himself face to face with Albert Einstein , who is Catherine's uncle. Albert, portrayed as a fun-loving genius who along with his mischievous friends, fellow scientists Nathan Liebknecht , Kurt Gödel , and Boris Podolsky , sees Ed as someone who would be better suited for Catherine. The four of them attempt to help Ed look and sound more like a scientist , while at the same time trying to convince Catherine that life is not all about the mind but about the heart as well. This is intended to be Einstein's most enduring legacy to his niece as he realizes that he'll not be available for her for very much longer. Catherine eventually sees through the ruse, but falls for Ed anyway. The very last image in the movie is of a smiling Albert Einstein using a small telescope to spy on the two young moonstruck lovers as they take delight in each other's company.
21751211	2	Daredevil pilot Mike Dandridge goes into a business partnership with flight-school pal Al Reynolds and meets Maggie Colby, who's also a pilot. The two flyers take cargo to Japan, where they become romantically involved. Al is best man at their wedding, then joins the Air Force. Mike hires new pilot Nikki Taylor and might be having an affair with her during business trips while Maggie stays home with their new baby. Maggie decides to fly a shipment herself and let Mike care of their daughter for a change. He and co-pilot Phil take a risk by bringing the baby along on a flight to London. Their plane has difficulty landing in a fog, angering Maggie, whose own plane barely got there safely. But at least Mike and Maggie are brought closer by the experience.
32400923	1	The Winter Wishes Festival is finally coming and all the ponies in Ponyville are excited to see Twinkle Wish, a wishing star who grants each pony one special wish. However, after Twinkle Wish gets kidnapped by a dragon named Whimsey Weatherbe, the entire event is facing a big dilemma and it's up to Pinkie Pie and her friends to get her back before the night of the festival, otherwise, everyone's wishes won't be granted, and the festival would be ruined.
7166853	2	The night of San Juan, Miguel murders his associate. Two elderly people are witness to the crime and predict that all of his dreams will come true thereafter. He will know the price he has to pay when he sees a black cat with a moon shaped mark on its forehead. Twenty-two years later a messenger begins to see all his dreams come true...
33548249	2	You Only Loved Me Twice is a silent film that shows the way deception can be deadly. Wife Amy Miller  is preparing a romantic meal for her husband with flowers and wine. Amy has a perturbed look on her face, which the audience realizes is because she has recently stumbled upon photos of her husband Ray Miller  with a young sassy blonde Lisa Hewitt . When Ray comes home, he brings flowers perhaps to make up for a fight the couple recently had. The couple begins to eat in silence until Ray drops his glass of wine. Amy is in the middle of aiming a gun she has taped under the table. Ray and Amy are cleaning the wine when he sees the gun. The couple begins a choreographed tango. Ray reaches for the gun and he shoots Amy, while his next move is to wait for Lisa to join him.<ref namehttp://www.imdb.com/video/wab/vi3936329241/|titleImdb.com |date2011-10-27}}
23904823	2	Sayo is running a travelling BDSM show with her husband, where she plays the bottom, and gets increasingly bored with her life. During their tour in Kyoto, they are arranged by a well-off couple who ask for a private show, without knowing that they will eventually be forced for the "real thing".{{cite web}}
4679340	1	The Airzone Solution takes place in a future Britain where pollution has reached a point where the populace must often wear filtration masks when they venture outside. AirZone, a powerful corporation, signs a lucrative deal with the government to deal with the problem. The public is told that AirZone plans to build giant filtration plants to clean the atmosphere, but environmentalists are skeptical, especially when people begin dying and disappearing around AirZone facilities. Investigative filmmaker Al Dunbar  has been working with Anthony Stanwick , the head of one radical environmental group on a Michael Moore-style exposé documentary on AirZone. But when Dunbar's mentor, the mysterious Oliver Threthewey  says the documentary is useless without more direct proof of AirZone's intentions, Dunbar and Stanwick hatch a plan to infiltrate AirZone's headquarters and hack into their computer mainframe. Stanwick has been aided in this by Rachel , an AirZone employee who is acting as his "mole" within the organisation. Meanwhile, Arnie Davies , a popular local television meteorologist, is getting ready to go on the air, although he still has time to flirt with the make-up lady and with his girlfriend, journalist Ellie Brown (played by Nicola Bryant, who had co-starred with Baker in both Doctor Who and [[The Stranger . Dunbar successfully infiltrates AirZone's offices, but sets off an alarm soon after hacking into the computer. Fleeing from the guards, Dunbar finds himself in a lab where Rachel — now a prisoner of AirZone — is being injected with a green fluid. He helps her to escape, but is killed in the process. At the moment Dunbar dies, both Arnie and Stanwick experience a vision of his death; for Arnie, this occurs in the middle of a broadcast and he faints on the air. Later, after a recuperating evening with Ellie, Arnie feels better and gets ready to go to work — only to be shocked at seeing an apparition of Dunbar standing in his hallway. Dunbar urges Arnie to investigate AirZone. Arnie continues to experience visions of Dunbar at work, and is unnerved when he learns that Dunbar had died the night before. After further disturbing displays both during his weather broadcast and again at home, Ellie suggests they investigate Dunbar's home. Ellie is not sure what to make of it when Arnie, relaying instructions from Dunbar, is able to guide her to a hiding place where Dunbar kept his spare key. Inside, Ellie and Arnie view Dunbar's incomplete documentary but must leave when a detective, carrying a warrant to seize any AirZone property, arrives. Soon, Arnie finds himself meeting Stanwick and is reassured that his visions of Dunbar are not the result of insanity, as Stanwick also sees the apparition . Together, Stanwick and Arnie locate Rachel, who is experiencing extreme physical distress as the result of whatever chemical or drug was being pumped into her body at AirZone. Before they can get her to hospital, she is abducted by a group of masked men. For Arnie, this sparks an obsession with finding the truth about AirZone, and during his next weather report, he takes a tangent to reveal to viewers that AirZone's pollution-filtering plants are in fact increasing the pollution in the atmosphere. Meanwhile, Ellie is given the biggest assignments of her career: first interviewing the Environment Secretary  and then covering the public unveiling of AirZone's pollution reduction plan by the head of the company, Robin Archer . But she is frustrated when Arnie interrupts the former in order to give Stanwick face-time with the minister, an act that riles MacNamara , a mysterious figure who works on behalf of Archer. At the press conference, attended by industry representatives from across Britain, Archer unveils AirZone's optimistic plan to reduce pollution, but her sermon is cut short by Arnie  brandishing a gun, who demands Archer reveal the truth about why people living near the plants have been dying and disappearing. She refuses, but Stanwick arrives, with Rachel in hand . Rachel, and many other Britons, have been subject to genetic experiments, forcing them to grow gill-like appendages to their necks. The AirZone Solution is not to reduce pollution, but to instead increase it and instead create a new race of humans able to breathe the polluted air. With AirZone's scheme revealed to the public, it collapses. MacNamara actually works for MI5 and apparently had been working against Archer from inside AirZone , and leaves saying the AirZone was a good idea, but a bad image. Out of nowhere, Threthewey appears and says that Al Dunbar would have been proud of the work done by Arnie, Ellie, and Stanwick. The origin of the Dunbar apparition, and why it appeared to Arnie and Stanwick, is left unexplained.
7670195	3	Khushi tells the story of a boy and girl, who are in love, but are kept apart by their inflated egos. Karan  is born in Kolkata, while Khushi  is born in a village in U.P. Karan intends going to Canada for further studies, but, due to an accident, is forced to enroll in the Mumbai University. Khushi's father  believes that she has studied enough and should now marry a boy who is ready to be his ghar-jamai. But Khushi insists on pursuing her education at the Mumbai University. At the University, Karan meets Khushi through common friends. These common friends fall in love with each other and it is up to Karan and Khushi to bring them together. In the process, the two fall in love. But with pride in the way, the two never get to express their love for each other till the time comes to bid goodbye.
12422748	2	The story revolves around a young man who marries a young woman of his choice against the wishes of his family. His father had dotingly wanted him to marry the daughter of his family member and she, in innocence, has lived this dream. But the path of true love is seldom smooth. Over emotional turmoil, family drama and poignant scenes, true love triumphs over all because matches are made in heaven.
14386636	1	The plot is set in 2074 in Belgrade. The main character is Edit Stefanović, a female psychology student who, after failing the same university exam for the sixth time, decides to visit a dealer on the black market who installs a stolen military chip in her body that will record everything she sees to help pass the exam. Edit also has a job at a scientific and social research company, in taking care of Abel Mustafov, an autistic math genius who discovered a formula that connects all forces in the world, but no computer was able to calculate it fully without becoming self aware and shutting down immediately after that. After Edit sees the formula graph, the chip calculates the formula, able to "survive" thanks to its connection to Edit, develops a parallel personality and affords her abilities greater than she ever imagined. Alas, this is quickly overshadowed by the discovery that the chip is rapidly taking over her mind and body. She must race against time to save her humanity while simultaneously thwarting the nefarious parties desperate to retrieve the technology inside her.
333735	2	In 1763, Captain Edward Reynolds is hunting pirates, or at least trying to do so. He does not consider himself a great commander, and neither does most of his crew. Only his first officer Jules believes in him. When they save a young woman named Isabella from drowning, she tells them that her husband's ship has been destroyed by the feared Captain Victor Stagnetti and his crew of cutthroat pirates. Reynolds and his crew go hunting for Stagnetti, who tries to find a map that leads to a powerful secret on an island somewhere in the Caribbean Sea. Stagnetti finds the secret "staff" unlocked by Isabella's husband Manuel. After the crew escapes the spawn of darkness summoned by Stagnetti, their ship engages Stagnetti's in battle, ending Stagnetti's reign as a pirate. The New York Times described the film as "a relatively high-budget story of a group of ragtag sailors who go searching for a crew of evil pirates who have a plan for world domination. Also, many of the characters in the movie have sex with one another."{{cite news}}
8249745	2	Chiranjeevi plays the dual roles of a Mumbai-based auto driver, Johnny, and an industrialist, Kalyan, who because he was interfering with the plans of the villains, led by Kota Srinivasa Rao, is first temporarily replaced by Johnny, and then framed for the murder of Kalyan's trusted employee, Shobana. Johnny realizes that he ruined the life of a good man and joins forces with Kalyan. They pretend to be each other, in order to save Kalyan. After the villains prove in court that Kalyan was the killer by replacing the rod of the murder weapon with one that has his finger prints on it, Johnny captures the villains and saves Kalyan. This is one of the biggest hits of chiranjeevi and commercially a huge success. Still the re-releases of the film is attracted by huge crowds although the film is telecasted many times on the national media. Chiranjeevi and Bappilahiri's combination was always created magic.The songs were huge hit and chiru's comedy timing is best as ever.Ever Beautiful Divya bharati is an asset for this flick. Chiranjeevi's dance in the song "Amalapuram Bulloda" was exceptional.
21872866	2	Pooja, an orphan, is brought up in a brickyard with her grandfather. She is excellent in her studies and co curricular activities. The owner of the brickyard takes her to his city house for higher studies but his wife engages Pooja as a domestic hand and does not allow her to go to school. A strong bond develops between her spoilt daughter, Mickey and Pooja. Within a short time Pooja transforms Mickey into an all round champion. When the friendship reaches a peak level, Pooja is driven out from their house. Years later these two tender hearts meet: Mickey with eye injury and Pooja to Pooja her without revealing her identity. Mickey’s condition aggravates and Pooja prays almighty for Mickey at the cost of her life. Pooja dies and Mickey sees the light of the world through Pooja’s eyes. http://gadadharputy.blogspot.com/
240357	2	{{Expand section}} Three sisters, Renata , Flyn , and Joey  live through the painful separation of their parents. Their father, Arthur , parts from their controlling and mentally unstable but artistically inclined mother, Eve , going on to marry a more "normal" but plainer woman Pearl . The evening after Arthur marries Pearl, Eve commits suicide by walking into the ocean. The film ends with Eve's funeral.
455182	3	Yu Miri  is a writer who's just become pregnant by her married lover. When she decides to keep the baby without his help, her ex-boyfriend Yutaka , now struggling with terminal cancer, decides to help raise him, pledging to "live long enough to hear him say my name."
24461480	3	The film centers on an Italian writer named Curzio Malaparte, who was a member of the Italian Fascist Party. Malaparte is assigned to cover the Russian front for the Italian news service, and travels with Colonel Freitag of the Wehrmacht and the deputy commander of the local Romanian garrison to Romania. He suffers from a serious allergy and is sent to consult world-class allergist, Dr. Josef Gruber in Iaşi, but Gruber is missing. Suffering terribly from his allergy, Malaparte desperately seeks to find the doctor who has been captured. During his search for the doctor he encounters shocking situations in the Holocaust against the Jews in the city. He later writes a very critical account of the incident in his novel Kaputt.
20993667	2	The story starts with Nick and Lori, a newlywed couple who, after eloping, want to take a mule ride down into the canyon with a guide, Henry. The next day the trio head down into the canyon. After traveling for a while the guide offers to take them to old petroglyphs  which are a half days ride away. After some convincing from Nick, Lori eventually agrees to the journey. On the way Henry is bitten twice by rattlesnakes and in the process the trio's mules flee. They are forced to make camp and begin heading back the next day. The guide is delirious and later in the day succumbs to the venom and dies. The couple bury him and are left to struggle on to find a way out. After a days hike the couple eventually reach a dead end with petroglyphs, realizing that they have spent the day traveling in a circle and instead of getting closer to base camp they have in fact got further away. Nick suggests attempting to climb the rock face in the hope of getting a signal on Lori's phone. She manages to call the emergency services but only manages to say they are in trouble before being cut off. Nick then loses his grip and the couple fall, in the process breaking Lori's phone and Nick's leg, which gets trapped in a crevice at the base of the rock face. Nick's leg is completely trapped and after a day of waiting and hoping for help to arrive he suggests that they cut his leg off so they can keep going. Lori disagrees with it but eventually she agrees and goes in search of the body of their guide to get his knife and returns to Nick to cut the leg. By this point infection has set in and Nick is in very bad shape, barely being able to move at all. Lori succeeds in freeing Nick's leg and cauterizes the wound with the blade of the knife after it being placed in the fire. When night falls wolves get attracted to the smell of blood and try to attack but Lori successfully fights them off with fire and the knife. When the next day dawns Lori fashions a stretcher to move Nick but the wolves track the smell and keep following them. The stretcher breaks but Lori attempts to drag Nick on, rejecting his pleas to leave him behind. The wolves are relentless in their attack and exhausted from days without food or water Lori loses the ability to defend him, as she fends off wolves from one direction, wolves attack Nick while her back is turned. The wolves surround them, and to prevent Nick from suffering through being eaten alive she performs Euthanasia on him by suffocating him. She breaks down and goes into shock as a rescue helicopter rounds the edge of the canyon with her kneeling next to Nick's body.
11142433	3	The film set in Kanyakumari deals with the story of a man who makes sculptures where he meets a girl selling bangles and pearls on the sea shore and falls in love with him.
190053	2	Somewhere in the jungles of South Africa, a multinational military unit, Special Force Unit, ambushes a convoy and kidnaps several scientists working on a highly-volatile compound extracted from a recently discovered meteorite. Among the operatives is a Hong Kong national identified as "Jackie Chan". Morgan  of the CIA is sent to South Africa to investigate the incident, not knowing that Morgan and newly-retired Lieutenant General Sherman  orchestrated the abduction for their personal profit. At the same time, the CIA assigns another operative in South Africa for a more covert operation. Chan wakes up in a tribal village somewhere in the African veldt, still recovering from injuries sustained in an accident he cannot remember; due to this, when asked for his name by the natives, he responds by asking himself, "Who Am I?", and is referred to as that by the natives. The tribesmen show him the remains of a crashed helicopter and graves of those who perished aboard. He spends weeks recuperating from his wounds and learning about the tribe's culture. After spotting rally cars from several miles away, "Who Am I?" bids the village farewell and ventures on a journey back to civilization. He befriends Japanese rally navigator Yuki  after saving her brother from a snake bite and offering to help them finish the race. When they reach Johannesburg, "Who Am I?" meets Christine Stark , a journalist sent to interview him about his rally adventure. However, Morgan hears of "Who Am I?" and sends hitmen to kill him. Morgan also pretends to be his ally, telling him to contact him if he is in danger. After escaping from the hitmen, Christine cracks a secret code written on a matchbook found on one of the dead operatives, which leads them to Rotterdam, Netherlands. "Who Am I?" and Christine bid Yuki farewell and head for Rotterdam to find more answers to his identity. In Rotterdam, "Who Am I?" discovers that Christine is actually an undercover CIA agent. Not knowing whom to trust, he sneaks into the Willemswerf alone, where he discovers the masterminds behind the kidnapping of the scientists. It is revealed that Morgan and Lieutenant General Sherman are about to sell the extraterrestrial compound to a powerful arms dealer. While waiting for the online transaction to finish, the three men leave the conference room for a coffee break — giving "Who Am I?" time to sneak in and steal the disc containing the compound information. He also cancels the transaction and sends the money to a children's organization, infuriating the arms dealer. After escaping from the building, "Who Am I?" regroups with Christine, who calls for the execution of a "Plan B", to surround the Erasmus Bridge and corner Morgan. After Christine takes Morgan into custody, "Who Am I?" throws the disc off the bridge and tells Christine he will return to Africa.
6664640	2	Two women: Loretta , a wealthy amateur photographer who prowls the docks in her early '60s Ferrari 250 GT California Spyder looking for handsome men, and Bella , a poor but beautiful woman who is probably a prostitute, share affections for a dock worker named Gerard . He is obsessed by the memory of his sister, who was raped and then committed suicide in a back alley, which he visits every night. No one knows who committed the rape, and he has sworn to avenge the crime, if he can only figure out who the perpetrator was.
5341658	3	The protagonist, a film director named Bahman Farjami, is coming to terms with being an aged director. He also feels grief for the loss of his wife five years prior. He seeks to make a documentary about death, dying, and the grieving process, or so he tells his friends.
18778495	2	An environmental holocaust, which happened because the sun created an onslaught of solar flares made up of red-hot, radiation ridden plasma that nearly destroyed Earth. This left the atmosphere ridden with solar radiation and increased the global temperature greatly. Because of this catastrophe, it leaves almost every human on earth dead, devastates the environment, and collapses all of society and the global economy. Crime rates have drastically increased, and the few human beings left have decided to fend for themselves, therefore, much of the world, including America, have become totalitarian governments. The people in control are gangs of rampaging marauders. In post-apocalyptic America, the once sovereign society has become a corrupt, crime ridden totalitarian wasteland. The few remaining citizens are either hiding in devastated urban areas or are in control of by a series of gangs that now rule the cities with an iron fist. John Travis , an undercover cop and three fellow policemen are out on patrol when they come upon a female sex slave auction. The four slip unnoticed into the encampment, taking positions surrounding the auction site. A chaotic gunfight ensues in which the three cops are ruthlessly gunned down, leaving Travis alone to fend off the attackers. Travis is outgunned and outmanned, and forced to withdraw from the action. As Travis makes his escape, a solar flare is observed erupting. Travis tries to return to base, but is told by a fellow cop named Prescott  that he cannot be allowed to do this, as he went through the solar flare's radiation, and to return would risk contamination of others. When a solar flare occurs, those left outside become infected, while those in shelter do not. Some of the infected become psychotic killers. Travis returns to the city, where he chances to meet three young women, who rely on him for protection. Travis tries to help them escape from the city. The head thug from the auction who killed the cops is looking for Travis, but at the same time, Travis is looking for revenge. While trying to get the women to the safety of police headquarters, the station is attacked by the solar flare infected killers. The station is overrun, and Travis blows it up as he escapes, narrowly avoiding the explosions and fireballs.
37277581	2	Shirley Moochmoore  is a sweet misfit and mother of five daughters who are all convinced they suffer from various mental illnesses. Living in the Australian coastal suburb of Dolphin Heads and married to the often absent local politician Barry , Shirley retreats into a fantasy world of her favourite musical, The Sound of Music. After she manically orders a huge amount of furniture, telling neighbours she won it on a TV game show, she's packed off to a mental institution; Barry instructs his daughters to say she's "on holiday in Wollongong". Barry enlists a mysterious, surly hitchhiker named Shaz  to care for his family. Shaz terrifies the girls into obedience with her ocker accent, her dog Ripper and the knife she keeps in her cowboy boot, but she also encourages them to stand up to local bullies including their smarmy Aunt Doris , their snobbish, house-proud neighbour Nancy  and the two mean girls who run the local coffee shop and who had forced Shirley to eat unwanted donuts. Shaz's philosophy is that the 'normal' world is insane, and so-called 'crazy' people are the normal ones. She leads the Moochmore girls on a dawn climb of a nearby mountain. From its peak, they each select a stone to symbolise their newfound ability to overcome adversity. Shaz also encourages eldest daughter Coral  to pursue a romance with Trout , a hunky, guitar-strumming lifeguard at the aquatic theme park where Coral works for an eccentric shark hunter named Trevor Blundell . Trevor had earlier disrupted Trout clumsily kissing Coral in the shark exhibit; but thanks to the confidence Shaz instils in Coral, Trout genuinely falls for her, and the pair spend a romantic evening together riding waterslides in the nude after the park has closed. After forcing Barry to eat a home-cooked meal with his family, and to seek treatment for his daughter Michelle's  genuine schizophrenia, Shaz reunites the Moochmore family at the mental institution. Shirley tells Barry that she knows of his habitual infidelities and will no longer support his political career. Barry begs her to appear at his campaign launch. Trevor reveals that Shaz is actually his mentally disturbed ex-wife. He tells Coral that Shaz is convinced the spirit of their daughter, who died in a boating accident, is trapped inside the giant preserved shark in Trevor's exhibit. Trevor is trying to move on with his life, but Shaz has repeatedly refused psychiatric treatment and instead has followed Trevor to several new towns, working her way into the trust of locals each time. Barry calls the police to have Shaz arrested, and she is confined to the same mental institution Shirley had been. After the Moochmore family perform a triumphant, Von Trapp-style onstage singalong of 'Edelweiss' at Barry's campaign launch, the girls decide to break Shaz out of the mental institution. They tie up Trevor and help Shaz steal his pickled shark. Tortured by the gentle guitar songs of his guard, Trout, Trevor manages to escape just in time to intercept and reason with Shaz as she attempts to free the shark from its tank and 'release' it into the ocean. The shark tank plunges into the water, its attached rope entangling Trevor's legs, and Shaz dives after it, ostensibly to save him. Neither of them surfaces. The girls' aunt Doris, whose hobby is making elaborate costumes for porcelain dolls, has a final confrontation with Shaz in her doll display room. "I lived!" Shaz screams, then pulls down her jeans and lights a fart with her cigarette lighter, setting fire to the room and the entire house. Then she races out the front door, kicking over a garbage bin in triumph.
17856211	1	The North Siblings, Benjamin, Crista and Marco, must rescue their missing Uncle Rudy, who has gone to the Himalayas in search of the mythical Yeti. The first decision that the player has to make is when their Fokker F27 has a fuel leak and they either have to parachute or stay. Producer Jeff Norton explains that they aspired to create alternate story paths  with different character and story developments and yet still obey the rules of their fictional world.<ref namehttp://www.dove.org/news.asp?ArticleID"Choose Your Own Adventure" DVD Is Brainchild of Jeff Norton and Michelle Crames |accessdateCarpenter |firstThe Dove Foundation }}
35774631	2	A supernatural thriller about 2 medical interns who investigate a patient brought to hospital. When they search into her past, they discover disturbing events that put their lives in danger. At first rivals, they finally team up to uncover the secret of Patient 17.  Hannah Waterman, Cornelius Macarthy, Jonathan Linsley, Saul Reichlin, Christopher Dunne, Matthew Chambers Michael Budd was originally placed on standby for lead which eventually went to Cornelius Macarthy, Michael was then cast as a mystery man but did not feature in the final cut due to budget restraints.
1529461	2	The film begins with a shot of the landscape, after which it zooms in on a group of foot travelers and a porter. After walking for a while, they sit to rest, where the porter finds that this is Minamoto no Yoshitsune, Benkei, and his advisors. Their job is to cross a border checkpoint without being found, so they disguise themselves as monks.
31161925	1	The story begins with a mysterious man writing about the history of this kingdom so that the people would not forget the history of the early heroes. In the year 120 AD, the powerful Roman Empire, under the reign of Hadrian, had expanded its rule to the Central Asian countries. During their time of expanding, the great Roman Empire agreed to create an alliance with the Han Dynasty by marrying their two prince and princess, thus uniting the two powers of East and West. The Roman prince Marcus Carprenius  did not agree with the decision. Instead, he would like to be free and not controlled. The Han's Dynasty princess, Meng Li Hua  also wanted to be free instead being trapped by royal treatment. The Roman fleet sailed off from the coast of Arabia to the mysterious peninsula dividing the two great kingdoms. The Roman fleet were struck by a strong storm, which caused the Romans to lose much of their fleet. They instead went to the coast of Goa. They are greeted by a local Goan dealer  and were later introduced to Merong Mahawangsa , said to be the descendant of Alexander the great himself. Merong is preparing a duel against Sunder , a Goan Nobleman after Merong had a secret relationship with the nobleman's sister, Yasodharā . Merong defeats Sunder and Marcus is impressed by Merong's fighting skill. After an agreement between Merong and Marcus, Merong agreed to escort Marcus to the peninsula while Lycius , the Roman fleet admiral returns to Rome and promises to return to Goa with a brand new fleet (carrying the payment for the passage of the prince to the Golden Khersonees in gold. Merong is also promised a ship large enough to explore the known world. Merong escorted Marcus to the peninsula and is greeted by the Chinese Admiral Liu Yun . Merong tells Marcus and Liu Yun that this peninsula was where he grew up and it is owned by several tribes. The night before the marriage, Meng Li Hua and her handmaiden, Ying Ying  agreed to run away and begin a new life in the peninsula. But Marcus followed Meng, resulting in their first meeting. The royal couple then grew closer to each other as they discovered how they both had a common wish of being free from palace life. In the morning, The Chinese and the Romans are attacked by the pirate nation, Garuda. The Garuda leader, Taji  uses black magic and sorcery before attacking to weaken their enemies. Meng and Ying Ying is kidnapped by Kamawas . Marcus tried to stop Kamawas but is stabbed and falls into the sea. Heavily outnumbered, The Chinese and the Romans were heavily outnumbered and defeated. Merong, enraged by Marcus' apparent death, kills most of the Garuda fighters but is heavily injured and passed out. Merong woke up as he is getting treated by a tribe leader named Kesum . Kesum and Embok , one of the village's nurses treat Merong until he is well enough to fight again. Merong learns that Kesum and Taji were students to a once great magician and a brave warrior. Taji wanted the great magician's amulet of immortality. Taji killed the great magician during his sleep and led a small band of fighters to terrorize the villages and Taji also killed Merong's mother, Lang . Embok was once raped by Kamawas during a raid and Merong swore revenge to Kamawas. Kesum told Merong of a prophecy that a great warrior will come and unite all the tribe into one kingdom and defeat the enemy. Kesum believes that Merong is the one. After hearing the prophecy, Merong became Kesum's student and began uniting the tribes. In the island of Garuda, Meng and Ying Ying are held captives for ransoms by Taji and Kamawas. Meng and Ying Ying manages to steal Kamawas a piece of the amulet of immortality. After Merong manages to unite all the tribes, they became one kingdom known as Langkasuka and began a new civilization. Merong is then suddenly met by Liu Yen, Marcus  and a small group of Chinese soldiers. Liu Yun told Merong that they have to save the princess before she gets killed. Merong is then given a ship full of mirrors by Liu Yun. As Merong prepares his fighters to invade the island of Garuda, Embok confessed her love to Merong. Merong launches an attack toward Garuda in the morning. The Garuda prepared their ships and outnumbered Merong's fighters at least five to one. Merong revealed that he used the ship full of mirrors to create a similar weapon to Archimedes Heat Ray and used it to set all the Geruda ships and boats on fire . Taji then used sorcery to make storms and cover the sun with black clouds, rendering the weapon useless. After a heroic speech, Merong and his fighters launch an attack and land on the beaches. After a brief fight, Merong's fighters manage to take control the beach but another wave of Garuda fighters led by Taji came in to destroy the fighters. Merong's fighters fight to their death while Marcus confronts Kamawas, but Kamawas defeated Marcus easily. Before Kamawas could finish Marcus off, Liu Yen came in to stop Kamawas but is killed in the process. Most of Merong's fighters were killed. However, shortly after, A large fleet of the Romans and the Chinese, led by Admiral Lycius arrived on the scene and attacks Garuda, changing the tide of the battle. Merong arrives to save Marcus and confronts Kamawas. After a brief duel, Kamawas is finally defeated. Merong tries to kill Taji but is stabbed. Merong made a sacrifice by taking the amulet off and pushing the sword forward, thus killing them both. Right after Merong dies, The Romans and the Chinese attack and finish off the last of the Garuda, ending the battle. Many years after the great battle, it is revealed that the mysterious narrator is Sultan Mudzafar Shah, the first Sultan of Kedah writing about the history of Merong Mahawangsa in the Kedah Annals. Sultan Mudzafar Shah tells that Langkasuka was known as a great and proud Kingdom. The film ends with Merong pronounce a hero and the first king of Langkasuka.{{cite web}}
1662366	2	A dead man tumbles down a flight of stairs. When the police arrive at the top-floor apartment of Joe Adams, he shoots at them through the door. The sheriff calls in reinforcements and sets up snipers on nearby rooftops. Adams, in his room, begins a recollection of the events leading up to this, beginning with his first chance encounter with Jo Ann, who works in a flower shop. It turns out they had been raised in the same orphanage. Finding her behavior suspicious, he follows her to a nightclub where Maximilian the Great is performing a magic act on stage. At the bar, Joe gets to know Charlene, who recently quit as Max's assistant. Max claims to be Jo Ann's long-lost father. She was picked out of the audience one night by Charlene and brought on stage to take part in the act, then continued a relationship. Jo Ann fiercely denies to Joe, however, that Max is related to her. In fact, she insists that she had to physically fend off Max's romantic advances to her. The two women have feelings for Joe but leave him mystified, particularly when both appear to have received exactly the same brooch from Max as a gift. He is not sure whom to trust, and when Max comes to his apartment to kill him, Joe shoots first, sending Max falling to his death. Police are about to smoke him out with tear gas when Jo Ann arrives. She manages to talk Joe into giving himself up, promising to wait for him if he is sent away to prison.
18393490	2	Anandam  runs a drama company. Vasu ([[Sivaji_, Srinu , Soni  are the heroes and heroine of the drama company. The company gets a chance to perform in Bangkok and the heroine gives them a hand. Anandam announces that whoever gets the heroine will become the heroine in the company. From there on the film takes several twists as the duo are in pursuit of a heroine and the strange circumstan.
17582439	1	Six girls have been found murdered in the apartment of famed Russian occultist, Karl Raymarseivich Raymar, and police cannot explain it. When Raymar's body was lifted onto a stretcher, bolts of electricity shot out from his fingers. Not even his estranged daughter Olivia McKenna  or her husband Allan  knows what happened until they meet Samuel Dockstader , a feature writer for "The World of the Occult". Dockstader, once a friend to Raymar, explains that Raymar was a psychic vampire who gained great powers of telekinesis by kidnapping young girls, terrorizing them, and feeding off the bioenergy they produced. Allan does not believe him, but Dockstader shows Olivia a set of photographs to demonstrate how bioenergy works and gives her an audiotape that outlines his findings; Olivia believes him. High school student Julie Wells  wants nothing more than to be one of "The Sisters," a club of three snobby high school girls—Carol , Leslie , and Kitty . Unfortunately, Carol is the ex-girlfriend of Julie's new boyfriend Steve , and is jealous. She intends to get back at Steve and Julie by making Julie spend a night alone in a mausoleum, unaware that Raymar's body was just entombed there. That evening, Julie is dropped off by two of the "Sisters", Carol and Kitty, as Leslie had refused to accompany them on the plan. Julie explores the mausoleum and sets up her sleeping bag, unaware of the cracks that appear around Raymar's vault. Carol and Kitty, hoping to scare Julie, sneak back into the mausoleum with some Halloween masks and props. They succeed in frightening Julie, who locks herself in the chapel. Suddenly, the walls shake, windows explode, and doors slam shut. Thinking this is the result of Julie being scared, Carol and Kitty decide to leave. When vaults open, coffins slide out, and the dead rise and surround them, Kitty and Carol are buried under a mound of corpses and suffocate. Meanwhile, Steve has gone over to Julie's house and found her missing. He catches up with Leslie, who reluctantly tells Steve about Julie's initiation, and Steve angrily heads over to stop it. At the same time, Olivia dashes over to the mausoleum after learning about her father's powers and the possibility that she might also possess them. Back at the mausoleum, Raymar has broken out of his coffin and is controlling the doors and cadavers with his psychic powers. Steve breaks in and finds a hysterical Julie. They become surrounded by cadavers that advance toward them. Steve tries to fight the cadavers, but they knock him out. Raymar pulls a dazed Julie closer to him just as Olivia arrives. She tries out her powers on her father, but he is stronger. As a last effort, Olivia takes her compact and reflects the bolts from Raymar's eyes back on him. Raymar and the cadavers disintegrate, and Julie, Steve and Olivia are safe.
26511699	2	Punyam Aham is set in a small village in northern Kerala. The protagonist is Narayan Unni , a young man with a Brahmin father and low-caste mother, who separated, leaving the mother to raise him alone. The film tells the story of Unni leaving home and searching for his identity, and then repeating many of his father's mistakes in life. It is based on the story in traditional folklore about Naranath Bhranthan and his father Vararuchi.The Hindu: Shankaramangalm in the limelight
26615611	2	Naive, childish and precocious, Gauri lives in a small town with her parents. At a fair, she gets into an argument with Shankar. Shortly thereafter, Gauri is told that her marriage has been arranged. At first Gauri is thrilled, then changes her mind when she finds out that her groom is Shankar, but finally reconciles herself to this marriage. After she re-locates to Shankar's residence, she spends much of her time playing with Shankar's little brother. Her husband starts to realize that Gauri has not matured yet. He is unable to get intimate with her. Gauri soon becomes bored, and re-locates to her parents' house, where she resides for several months. It is here that she truly grows up, realizing the importance of marriage and intimacy. She then returns to Shankar's house, where she is welcomed back - though not quite warmly enough. Gauri starts to realize that her childishness has created distance between her and Shankar. He re-locates to study in another town. For several months, the family does not get any news about him. Shankar's father Gajanan Singh visits the hostel where his son is supposed to be staying. However, Gajanan finds that Shankar has left the hostel. For 3 months, Shankar goes missing. In the end, Shanker meets Gauri's childhood friend Ratna by chance. After talking to Ratna, Shankar realises that Gauri has matured and loves him. He goes running back to meet Gauri. They both reconcile.
2541511	2	Johnny Boylan's  father was sentenced to death for a crime that he was never fully proven to have committed. He and his family move to a poorer section of the East Side in New York City. His sister, Kay  resorts to dancing in a burlesque theater after she is fired from her job. Her former fiance, Paul Wilson ([[Robert Wilcox , still cares for her and wants to help her, but she avoids him because of the shame she is feeling. Johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. They try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful. In frustration, Johnny tosses a brick through the judge's car window, which begins his life of crime. He enlists his friend Pig  to help him rob a drugstore. They are subsequently chased by the police and hide out. However, the cops find them and Pig begs Johnny to surrender. Eventually Pig leaves the store and is shot and killed by the police. Johnny is captured and sent to reform school.
27482400	2	Patrick and his girlfriend Megan meet up with their childhood friends, Ryan and Sean. Sean  is portrayed by stunning child actor Richie Hicks. Hicks evocative and moving acting is simply brilliant. His performance of young Sean is mesmerizing. Ryan is a hothead who constantly torments Patrick, while Sean is more interested in flirting with Megan than catching up with friends. They have met again in order to experiment with new pills called “Blue and Whites” that cause instant amnesia at the stroke of midnight. Patrick is hesitant to partake, but he eventually gives in to peer pressure. The four friends meet a crazy, gun-wielding drug dealer at a local bar and proceed to take the pills. Out on the streets, the friends pull childish pranks without guilt and reflect on the past, mapping out the events and changes that have shaped them into the people they have become. Patrick becomes increasingly upset with the actions of his friends during the evening, and the uncontrolled promiscuity of his girlfriend feeds his jealousy and paranoia. The animal desires and loose inner demons of the friends eventually take over what was intended to be a night devoid of consequence.Film Website
3492397	1	Stuart Conway  has developed a hand-held, cellphone-like time travel device called 'Slipstream' that allows the user to travel back in time 10 minutes by interfacing with a cellphone system regional antenna. At first, he uses the device primarily to try, albeit unsuccessfully, to arrange a date with a female bank clerk. The final time he tries to use the device, a group of bank robbers commanded by Winston Briggs  rush into the bank and demand the money from the vault. At the time, FBI agent Sarah Tanner  and her male partner Jake  are in the bank tracking Stuart. Tanner initiates a gunfight against Jake's advice. Both agents are armed with pistols, while the criminals are wielding automatic weapons. By the end of the fight, Jake is shot and killed because he chased the criminals outside the bank. During the fight, Stuart had been shot in the chest by a stray bullet. Before he dies, Stuart takes Sarah and himself back in time to before the bank robbery, and Sarah unsuccessfully tries to foil the heist. Unfortunately, Briggs takes the Slipstream device as a souvenir. Stuart and Sarah realize it's only a matter of time before Briggs and his cronies discover the true potential of the device. What follows is a high-speed car chase of the criminals, a hijacking of a bus, a highway shootout, and a shootout in and downing of a commercial airliner. Near the end, as a passenger in the falling airplane, Stuart is able to reverse the entire sequence of events because, being airborne, he has access to many cellphone relay systems and therefore is not restricted to the 10-minute limit. Stuart rewinds time to just before the bank robbery, taking Sarah with him, but Briggs grabs on as well and is rewinded too. This time Briggs decides not to rob the bank as he knows what will happen and that all of his men will die and he and his men leave without anyone being the wiser. This time Stuart is able to get a date with the teller by being himself and escapes using the Slipstream device from the bank when he is about to be arrested. Sarah is relieved that her partner is alive again and decides to let Stuart go as she knows he's harmless. The movie ends with Stuart having fun using the Slipstream device.
6055524	3	Set during the Japanese occupation of China, The Fortune Code tells the story of the occupants of a POW camp. When Wah  manages to escape from the camp to meet up with his sweetheart, he learns that she is a spy. After being enrolled in the secret service he is sent back into the camp on a secret mission. His mission is to get the code to a Swiss bank account which will release funds to save China; the only person who knows the code is known as the God of Fortune and is held captive in the camp.
14088330	2	During the filming of the final scene of a motion picture, the leading man is killed during the filming. Since he was involved with several women on the set, they are all suspects. When leading lady Marcia Lane  is accused, her boyfriend, reporter Franklyn Drew , begins a search for the real killer.
23393940	3	In this entry in the long-running Madame Aema series, Aema's husband becomes romantically involved with a Japanese woman after taking a job at a Japanese company. Aema must also contend with two men who are making romantic advances towards her.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04351|title2009-06-26|publisher=KMDb Korean Movie Database}}
7668946	2	Titta Di Girolamo is a middle-aged loner who has spent the last eight years living in an upmarket hotel in Lugano, Switzerland. Every day he puts on his suit and wanders around, avoiding contact with people. In the morning, he solves the chess puzzles in the paper and in the evening he plays Grabber with a bankrupt aristocratic couple who are marooned in the hotel they used to own. Occasionally, he rings his family in Italy but his wife is always reluctant to talk, and his grown-up children despise him. He develops feelings for Sofia, the beautiful and stylish waitress at the bar of the hotel but he refuses to speak to her because, in his shyness, he fears that love would complicate his monotone but quiet life. The reasons behind Titta's strange existence gradually become apparent. The story actually becomes clear only at the end of the movie. Eight years ago, it is revealed, Titta was a broker who invested large sums of money. One day, he invested 250 billion Italian liras on behalf of Cosa Nostra, losing 220 billions in a few hours. By way of punishment, Titta was forced to live for the rest of his life as a mafia pawn, making regular deliveries of suitcases full of money to a Swiss bank. Titta's other secret is that he is a heroin user. Every Wednesday at ten a.m., this respectable forty-nine-year-old businessman goes up to his hotel room and injects himself with the drug. One day, things start to happen: two Mafia men suddenly arrive in his hotel room, which they intend to use as a base in order to carry out an assassination. As the two gangsters leave, they notice the suitcase containing the money that Titta must deliver that week. Later, Titta's gregarious younger stepbrother turns up. He encourages Titta to engage with Sofia more, and Sofia and Titta begin an awkward relationship which is romantic but not sexual. They go shopping together, and Titta buys her some shoes. Meanwhile, during Titta's trip to the bank that week, the bank staff counting the money by hand discover that there is $100,000 missing. Titta is already aware of this, but pretends to be outraged at their "mistake" and asks to close his account. His bluff achieves the intended result: in order to avoid offending him, and partly out of fear of the Mafia, the bank staff pretend that they miscounted, and so his theft goes unreported. It eventually turns out that Titta has stolen the money in order to buy an expensive car for Sofia. She is initially appalled by this gift, as she feels she does not know him well enough, but later comes up to his room to apologise and to try to discover more about him. Titta reveals all his secrets to her, and Sofia is so touched that she offers to celebrate his 50th birthday with him on the following evening. He accepts. The next day, the two Mafia assassins return and steal that week's suitcase. Titta panics and immediately telephones his Mafia contact, Pippo, who tells him to fly to Southern Italy that day to explain. But then Titta regains his composure, grabs his gun and switches off the power for the elevator, forcing the Mafia men to use the stairs as a getaway. This slows them down, and Titta is able to use the lift himself to get to the carpark ahead of them. He hides in his car, and kills the duo when they arrive. Despite recovering the money, Titta decides to fly to Southern Italy anyway to explain himself. His reasons are initially unclear and he seems uncertain about following through his plans, partly because they will force him to miss his supper with Sofia. However, when Sofia fails to turn up, a despondent Titta, thinking that no-one loves him, leaves for the airport. Actually, Sofia does not turn up because she is involved in a car crash. Arriving at destination, Titta is taken to a nearby hotel and, after waiting in a guestroom, is interrogated by a boss. Titta explains that he has recovered the money but then says he does not want to give it back. At this point, the Mafia boss ominously tells a subordinate to transfer Titta's account to someone else before asking Titta to tell him where the money is. Titta again refuses. He is led away by guards and the next morning is taken to a building site. Here he is suspended from a crane above a container of fresh concrete, and told that unless he reveals the money's whereabouts, he will be drowned in the concrete. As he has already given the money to the elderly aristocrats in the hotel, he refuses. The film ends with Titta being lowered into the concrete and thinking of his long-lost friend Dino, who works as an electrician in the Alps.
10203219	1	Anthony Waldron intends to steal a new submarine invention from Dr. Kittridge while blaming a fictitious mastermind he calls "Mr. M." To further this plan, Waldron uses a mind control drug he has developed called "Hypnotreme." However, a mystery villain soon appears claiming to be the real Mr. M and starts giving Waldron orders. Federal agent Grant Farrell, whose brother was killed by Waldron, is dispatched to find the mysterious villain and stop his nefarious plans, teaming up with Kirby Walsh and Shirley Clinton to do so.
1966863	2	Shack is a sadistic bully of a railroad conductor who takes it upon himself to forcibly remove any hobo who tries to ride on his train. Shack has an assortment of makeshift weapons: a hammer, a steel rod, and a chain. A hobo who is a hero to his peers, A-No.1, manages to hop the train with the younger, less-experienced Cigaret not far behind. At the next stop, A-No.1 evades Shack and escapes into the hobo jungle, but Cigaret is caught. Shack threatens to kill Cigaret, who is bragging that he and he alone got a free ride. Shack is distracted when he gets the message that A-No.1  has announced that he will become the first hobo to ride Shack's train all the way to Portland. The other hobos agree that the first who can successfully ride Shack's train will have earned the title "Emperor of the North Pole." Railroad workers place bets whether A-No.-1 can do it, spreading the news far and wide over the telegraph, Shack being widely known and disliked. A-No.1 hops the train and does everything he can to steer clear of Shack, pulling a series of pranks with the help of other hobos, such as running Shack's train into a siding. He tries to rid himself of the company of Cigaret, who tags along and makes a general pest of himself. Shack succeeds in ejecting the two, but they board a fast passenger train which overtakes Shack's train and ride it to Salem, Oregon. There, they have several farcical encounters, including one with a policeman who chases the two into the Salem hobo jungle, accusing them of stealing a turkey. They also encounter a Holiness minister holding an outdoor baptism service. The two hobos reboard Shack's train after it arrives in Salem. The story ends with a climactic fight, involving heavy chains, planks of wood and an ax. A-No.1 ultimately has the bloodied Shack at his mercy, but instead of killing him, he just throws him off the train. He then tosses Cigaret off for bragging about how "they" defeated Shack, telling the kid he could have become a good bum but he's got no class.
412476	2	Rachel Marron  is an Oscar-nominated music and movie superstar who is being stalked and sent death threats. Frank Farmer  is a former Secret Service Special Agent who served as part of the presidential protection detail during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Frank is haunted by the fact that he was not there when Reagan was shot because he was off duty at the time. He is now a highly successful private and professional bodyguard who protects corporate VIPs. He is hired by Rachel's manager, Bill Devaney , to protect her after she receives a number of threats against her life and a small bomb detonates in her dressing room.The Bodyguard, IMDB.com The film follows Rachel's singing career and family life. Frank is unsure about accepting the job because he sees Rachel as a spoiled diva who is oblivious to the threats against her life. Rachel's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room secret from her. At first, Rachel looks upon Frank as paranoid and his protection techniques intrusive. Rachel's existing bodyguard Tony ([[Mike Starr  resents Frank's presence. But at a concert where Rachel is performing there is a riot and Frank successfully protects her from danger; as a result of his protection, Rachel falls in love with Frank. He initially tries to keep the relationship professional, but the two sleep together. However, recognizing that their relationship may compromise his protection of her, Frank breaks off their affair. Hurt, Rachel begins to push Frank's buttons by violating their security routines and attempting to sleep with his former Secret Service co-worker, Greg Portman . After she has personal contact with her stalker via a creepy phone call, Rachel realizes that she must put her trust in Frank ahead of her own desire for success. She finally recognizes the seriousness of the situation and cancels the rest of her tour. Frank, Rachel, Rachel's driver Henry , Rachel's son Fletcher , and her sister Nikki  then travel to Frank's father's home, which is a large log cabin in the mountains by a lake. Frank's dad, Herb Farmer  is a semi-retired attorney who welcomes the group to his home. At the mountain retreat, Nikki attempts to seduce Frank, and becomes angry when her advances are refused. Fletcher is almost killed the next day, when a bomb explodes inside the boat he had been riding in moments before. After finding footprints around the cabin, and finding the automobiles sabotaged, they realize Rachel's stalker has followed them. They lock down the house for the night, with plans to leave in the morning. It is then revealed that Rachel's obsessive stalker and the person trying to kill her are not the same person, when an upset and drunken Nikki admits that in a drug-induced jealous fit she hired a hitman to kill Rachel, but that the letters from the stalker came before that. After Fletcher was almost killed, Nikki realized the hitman she hired would kill anyone to get to his target, including her beloved nephew. However, she cannot call it off because she does not know the killer's identity. The hitman breaks into the house, Nikki tries to stop him, and he shoots and kills her before escaping. Frank ensures that his father, who is armed with a large caliber revolver, has secured the rest of the group on the second floor, then pursues the killer into the woods. Frank shoots at the hitman, but the hitman escapes through the dark woods. Frank learns the next day, from his Secret Service colleagues, that they have apprehended the stalker and were interviewing him when Nikki was shot. A few days later, after Nikki's funeral, Rachel attends the 67th annual Academy Awards, where she is nominated as best actress. As Rachel is accepting the award for Best Actress, the assassin attempts to murder her again with a gun hidden inside a video camera. Frank jumps in front of her to save her life, and is shot himself. Before losing consciousness, Frank fires a shot through the camera lens, penetrating the eye of the hitman, who is revealed to be Greg Portman. During the ensuing melee, Portman gouges out Tony's eye, but both he and Frank survive their injuries. Frank sees Rachel off at the airport. His arm is in a sling. Frank has arranged for another protection detail to augment Tony, who is back on the job wearing a black eye patch. Frank's duty having been fulfilled by successfully protecting Rachel, they part with a kiss. Frank then moves on to his next assignment.The Bodyguard script at IMSDb.com
35014366	3	A Comorian village. Djibril spends his frees time taking care of an abandoned villa. While he is busy there, his cabin catches fire. Homeless, he must find a place to live.
1784755	3	A group of soldiers led by Maj. Baker  is ordered to investigate a basement level station which they believed was attacked. After Baker contacts his commander, General Slater , they begin to investigate who drove a civilian van into the base. It is revealed to be owned by a scientist named Dr. Bradford Crane . Slater orders two choppers to check for a black mass , and they are sent out of the sky.
24104583	2	Ramudu  is an innocent young man in the guardianship of his uncle Panakala Rao , who is both crooked and wicked. The uncle is ready to usurp his property, and is just waiting for an appropriate opportunity. Ramudu is made to attend to all the domestic chores; unable to bear the torture, he runs away from home. Bheemudu  is interested in staging plays which his mother strongly disapproves. After he comes back home from a stage play, he is taken to task by his mother. In order to escape the wrath of his mother, Bheemudu flees his home and lands in the nearby city. Both of them enter the same hotel and unexpectedly interchange their places. Thus Ramudu, entering the house of Bheemudu, falls in love with Santhi ; Bheemudu, who now takes the place of Ramudu, falls in love with Leela ([[Jamuna . Bheemudu, who is in the place of Ramudu, now understands that he has to bring Panakala Rao to senses so that the property that really belongs to Ramudu, should be restored to him. Ramudu, now in the role of Bheemudu, starts enjoying the love and affection of the new family members. However, Panakala Rao comes to know of this change of places and attempts to take advantage of this situation. At the end Ramudu and Bheemudu turn out to be twins who got separated during the Godavari Pushkarams. All ends well in the film with Ramudu marrying Santhi and Bheemudu with Leela.
2925896	1	Psychologist Saul Benjamin takes on a patient temporarily as a favor to a colleague friend, Otto Jaffe, who is infatuated with her. After her doctor dies, Chloe Allen comes to see Dr. Benjamin and immediately he is smitten with her, too. The doctor-patient relationship is violated by Dr. Benjamin's romantic impulses toward Chloe and by his intense jealousy of anyone who comes near her, including Ted Caruso, an arrogant Broadway actor with whom she has become involved. The psychiatrist's wife also is carrying on an affair with Jac Applezweig, an artist. The ghost of Dr. Sigmund Freud, the father of modern psychology, visits Dr. Benjamin from time to time to dispense warnings and wisdom. Benjamin's work begins to suffer as he abandons patients like Mrs. Mondragon, finding her tedious, and treats the dementia of another, Marvin Zuckerman, by designing a peculiar handmade hat for him to wear. A board of inquiry calls in Dr. Benjamin to consider revoking his license. In the end, he admits his feelings to Chloe and concludes that he prefers true love to treating the sick.
1830472	3	School is out for the summer, and a group of young teenagers go on a hike with Vic, an experienced guide. One teen, Alan, butts head with Vic during the film as Vic's attempts to teach life lessons annoy Alan. The more defiant Alan gets, the more extreme the lessons come from Vic. Alan's defiance and Vic's aggressive lessons culminate in disaster and Vic winds up breaking his leg. Alan then has to use his skills and some of Vic's to get down from the mountain.
33477692	2	Gössmann, a bookkeeper who has just robbed his employer of a large sum of money gets stuck in an elevator of an office tower together with Jörg, his lover Marion and the young Pit. Because it is Friday evening and an engineer working on the elevators made a mistake, the alarm system is not working and nobody can hear them call for help. Jörg and Pit antagonize each other from the beginning based on their different age and world views. Gössmann remains quiet in a corner of the cabin, while Marion socializes with Pit and continues her ongoing quarrels with Jörg. After finding a hatch in the ceiling of the cabin, both Jörg and Pit who are the only ones physically fit enough, climb onto the roof of the elevator and attempt to reach elevator doors, but fail. When Jörg returns the the roof a second time alone, he starts to climb and almost falls to death. Meanwhile Pit and Marion start flirting heavily, and Jörg becomes aware of it when he returns. After suddenly discovering a hidden compartment with a rope in it, Jörg and Pit continue to work together despite of the increased tension between them. When Pit is lowered through the elevator shaft on the rope and accidentally slips, he openly accuses Jörg of trying to kill him. Pit starts a fight on the elevator roof, but he slips and falls. Soon Jörg is suspected of having murdered Pit. Then finally the malfunction in the alarm system is discovered. Engineers start to rescue the passengers, eventually by lifting them with a rope through the shaft, after they fail to move the cabin with failsafe motors. Pit suddenly reappears after climbing up on a rope which wrapped around his feet before he fell and is rescued first, heavily wounded. Marion and Gössmann are rescued, both without injuries. Jörg, who has minor injuries is rescued last, just as the last of the steel cables fails and the cabin crashes down. Because he would not let go of Gössmann's money, only grasping the rope with one hand, he falls to his death.
14811627	2	The film opens with a local man driving to the home of Lawrence and Darius, twin brothers who operate a local store. Upon entering the home, the man discovers Darius dead in his bedroom with Lawrence sitting on the couch unable to speak. Lawrence then walks to a neighboring property and shoots himself in the chest, which he survives. In the hospital, it is revealed that Darius committed suicide. Depressed and unable to return to the store he owns, Lawrence spends his days at the property he shared with his brother. Meanwhile, James, Darius' estranged pubescent son, steals Lawrence's gun and holds him at gunpoint for money to buy crack. After a failing to repay debts to his drug dealer, James and his mother, Marlee, are targeted in a drive-by assault. Unable to return home, Marlee confronts Lawrence about Darius leaving her and James many years prior and moves into Darius' vacant apartment. After she is fired from her job as a cleaner, James convinces Lawrence to buy them food, which he does. Bound by these numerous tragedies, the trio form a defacto family, determined to move forward, starting with Marlee convincing Lawrence to let her run the store. The pair loosely decides to raise James together, beginning with a shared homeschooling schedule to keep James away from the negative influences that led him to drugs in the first place. The film ends when Lawrence discovers that ammunition is missing. He confronts James, fearing he has found himself another gun, only to find that James had thrown the bullets into a stream, to prevent Lawrence from attempting to harm himself again.
5888145	3	Devadas  is the typical poor student, while Bhanumati  is a rich NRI girl whose father is the senator of New York. They fall in love when the girl comes to India to learn classical Carnatic music. Coming to know about their love, Bhanu’s father Katamraju  hatches a plan to separate them. He promises to get them married but he takes her daughter, and her grand mother back to the USA. The rest of the story is how the street-smart lover boy makes it to the USA and succeeds in attaining his girl.
1260184	1	The film opens with the tail end of a Friday night baseball game. With the bases loaded, the home team wins by a narrow margin as the batter hits the ball out of the park. Both the celebration of the home team and fans and the dread of losing for the visiting team are cut short as a mysterious spaceship floats over the park, thus snatching the attention of everybody there: the players, the fans, the hot dog and popcorn vendors, and the announcer. After the ship performs a tune, it dissipates into three floating balls of light. One of them forms into a ghost who initially appears as an alien, but thereafter, is revealed to be Fatso , a member of The Ghostly Trio, who releases gas which hits the scoreboard, causing a shower of sparks, also sparking terror. The other two ghosts of the trio, Stinky , and Stretch ([[Jim Ward , join in, causing panic in the park, as everybody scatters. Casper , a shy, friendly ghost , arrives, attempting to settle the rattled crowd, but the people are just as scared. The park is eventually empty, as Casper's uncles plan a vacation. Meanwhile, a dark character named Desmond Spellman ([[George Hamilton  is settled down in his mansion. He is the greatest warlock to ever exist, until the Oracle  tells him that in the future Wendy the Good Little Witch  will be the greatest witch to ever exist, and so he plots to kill the "little mall rat", with the advised "Mystic Abyss". He creates two warlock enforcers: Jules , and Vincent  with a mix of chemicals in a blender, exposure to thunder and lightning, and a spill over his catwalk balcony. He assigns them to go to Wendy's address  and bring her to him. They prove what they think is a simple task by firing their hand guns through the wall. Meanwhile, Wendy is living in the country with her three aunts Gerti , Gabby , and Fanny . While attempting to befriend the local paper boy, they foil it by slingshotting a green ball of goo at him, thus causing the newspapers to automatically slap him. She is angered, and while trying to prove herself to them, Jules and Vincent arrive with the purpose of abducting her. They begin attacking with their hand guns. She and her aunts narrowly escape Desmond's men as Wendy turns their weapons into water guns and traps them in a cage. On the run from her nemesis, she runs into Casper, who has been violently thrown around by his three uncles. They then become great friends, but of course, in the tale, a ghost's worst enemy is a witch, and vice-versa, so her aunts don't get along with his uncles, and vice-versa. As a part of their plan to convince them to get along, he gets his uncles to haunt a dance, and she convinces her aunts to attend as well. The Ghostly Trio possesses three men at the party and end up flirting with the three witches. Though everything seems to go well, the plan is foiled when their real selves are revealed to Wendy's aunts, who bluffingly threaten them with magic. Later, Wendy tells Casper about Desmond and that she and her aunts can't use powerful magic, begging him not to tell anyone about this. He accidentally tells the Ghostly Trio, prompting them to attack her and her aunts. She feels she has no choice but to fight them and uses a spell to cover them in plaster. This action is picked up by Desmond's magic tracker. The witches are attacked by Jules and Vincent. Before Wendy and her aunts have a chance to escape, Desmond arrives. He tries to cast her into the Mystic Abyss to kill her, but Casper dives in to save her. Her aunts try to fight Desmond but they aren't powerful enough. Before he can throw them in along with Wendy, however, a giant three-eyed monster pops up and frightens him, causing him to fall into the Abyss instead. It turns out to be the Ghostly Trio, who combined together to defeat him. While they hold the Abyss open, Wendy's aunts pull her and Casper out of it. The Oracle proclaims that she is the greatest witch because she did something no other witch ever did: she befriended a ghost . Finally, she, her aunts, Casper, and his uncles all bid each other goodbye, but he and Wendy reassure each other that they'll be together again soon.
6864593	2	This cartoon is the first of a short series directed by Jones and using the characters of Marc Anthony and Pussyfoot. Marc Anthony, a massive-chested bulldog, tries to intimidate a cute little stray kitten with his ferocious barking and grimacing. Not only is the kitten not frightened, it climbs right up on the dog's back and prepares to nestle itself in his fur. Despite wincing at its kneading, Marc instantly falls for the sleeping kitten and decides to adopt it, bringing it home with him. Upon his arrival, his human owner , tired of picking up his things, orders him not to bring one more thing inside the house. Much of the cartoon centers on the kitten continually getting into things around the house and coming very close to alerting Marc Anthony's owner of its presence, with the bulldog employing numerous tactics to hide or disguise it as common household items. As the woman becomes increasingly confused by her dog's suddenly odd behavior, the kitten continues to play. After a while, Marc Anthony takes the kitten into the kitchen and attempts to scold it, but when he hears his owner walking toward the kitchen, he hastily hides the kitten in a flour canister and tries to look innocent. Growing tired of his antics, his owner evicts him from the kitchen and tells him to stay out while she bakes cookies. Marc Anthony watches as his owner scoops out a cup of flour, and is horrified to see that the kitten is in the measuring cup. The lady pours the flour, along with the kitten, into a mixing bowl and prepares to use an electric mixer. The bulldog tries several times to thwart her, finally spraying his face with whipped cream to make himself appear rabid, resulting in his disbelieving and exasperated owner throwing him out of the house. Meanwhile, the kitten climbs out of the bowl and hides behind a box of soap flakes to clean itself up. Marc Anthony, unaware that the kitten has escaped, can only watch as his owner mixes the cookie batter, rolls out the dough, cuts it into shapes and places the cookies in the oven. At each phase of the process, the poor bulldog becomes increasingly distressed until he finally collapses in tears, literally crying a puddle in the back yard. His mistress comes out a short time later and, thinking he is crying over being disciplined, lets him back inside and tells him he has been punished enough. She attempts to console him by giving him a cookie in the shape of a cat. Stunned, Marc Anthony takes the cookie and places it on his back where the kitten had slept earlier, eventually breaking down in tears once again. The kitten then walks up and meows at him. Marc Anthony is immediately overjoyed to see his friend safe and sound, picks the kitten up and kisses it, then suddenly realizes that his owner is watching. He vainly tries to disguise the kitten like he did earlier, but she simply stands in front of him tapping her foot, with her hands on her hips. He finally begs at his mistress's feet, and to his surprise, she allows him to keep the kitten, sternly telling him that the kitten is completely his responsibility. The dog, in turn, glares sternly at the kitten in the manner of a disciplinarian, but it simply purrs at him and climbs onto his back once again. As it kneads his fur and curls up to not sleep, he smiles contentedly and tucks it in.
3264582	3	Erik Ponti is a fifteen year old living with his mother and stepfather. At home, his sadistic stepfather beats him for even the most minute infractions. His docile mother ignores her husband's sadistic nature and allows the violence to proceed. At school, Erik is violent and frequently engages in fights, as a result of his violent upbringing. After a particularly vicious fight, Erik is expelled. The headmaster labels him vicious and accuses him of being pure evil. In an attempt to provide her son with a fresh start he sorely needs, his mother sells of some of her possessions and sends Erik to a boarding school. Upon arriving in Stjärnsberg, realising the boarding school is his last chance at reaching Sixth Form, Erik attempts to forgo his violent tendencies. At the prestigious school twelve members of the Sixth Form form a Student's Council. They exercise a sadistic rule over the school and punish disobeying students physically and psychologically. When Erik refuses to obey the ludicrous requests of two councilmen, Silverhielm and Dalen, he becomes target of relentless bullying. His refusal to demean himself by obeying their humiliating punishments lands him a number of weekend detentions. Erik befriends his intellectual roommate Pierre, who flies below the radar in order to avoid bullying. Whilst in the school kitchens one weekend, after a particularly gruelling day of labour, Erik meets Marja, a pretty cafeteria worker. The two begin a romantic relationship as Marja admires Erik's resistant and just personality. Meanwhile, Erik joins the swimming team. A swimming match approaches and Erik is determined to win, but soon realises that in order to win he must defeat the current school champion and son of a donor to the school. He realises that winning would make him more of a target than ever, but his fair and dedicated swim coach assures him that it is a matter of honour and he must not lose. Erik wins, breaking a number of school records and humiliating a number of Sixth Formers. For Christmas break Erik goes home. His stepfather beats him mercilessly, whilst his mother plays the piano to disguise the sounds of the cane. When he arrives back at school, the student council begins targeting Erik geeky friend Pierre. Pierre does not stand up for himself, and pained to see his friend humiliated Erik leaves the swim team. But that doesn't seem to be enough. A while later, Erik is called up to the council president, Silverhielm's room. There Pierre has been made to strip and Dalen threatens to put out a cigarette on his chest, but Erik volunteers instead and unflinchingly endures the pain. The next day, Pierre is challenged to fight the councilmen. He gets beaten up but does not obey their requests. The next day, Erik is ambushed as he is walking back from detention. They tie him to the ground and pour boiling water over him followed by cold water and leave him outside to freeze. However, he is rescued by Marja. The two sleep together and Erik returns to his room to find Pierre had left the school. Erik, bitter and fed up, challenges Delan and Von Schekken to a fight. He quickly defeats both, and then goes in search of Marja, who has left for Finland after being fired. The headmaster intercepts a letter from Marja to Erik and expels Erik. Erik finds Silverhielm in the woods and threatens to kill him. As Silverhielm begs for his life on his knees Erik assures him he won't kill him because he is nothing like him. Erik returns to the school with a lawyer and threatens to expose the sadistic measures of discipline and loose law on bullying in the school. He is reinstated. The school year ends and Erik returns home to find his mother has been beaten by his stepfather. His stepfather tries to beat him again, but Erik warns him that it is over. He tells his mother that it is the last time there will be violence in the household and closes the door behind himself as he prepares to get payback for years of violence. He reconciles with Pierre and sets out on realising his dream of becoming a lawyer.
4305002	2	Starting from childhood attempts at illustration, young Jerome  pursues his true obsession to art school. Jerome enrolls in Strathmore, an urban college. His roommates include aspiring film maker, Vince , and closeted-gay fashion major Matthew . Jerome looks for love amongst the coeds, but is turned off by them all, before falling in love with the art model, Audrey . In his art classes, he forms a friendship with perennial loser, Bardo , who guides him through the college scene and introduces him to a failed artist, Jimmy , a belligerent drunk. As Jerome learns how the art world really works, he finds that he must adapt his vision to the reality that confronts him. The community has been wracked by a serial killer, the Strathmore Strangler, who has confounded the police. As Jerome slowly loses his idealism at art school, he finds himself In competition with a strange newcomer, Jonah  , both for Audrey's affection and for artistic recognition. In a wild attempt to win a prestigious art competition, Jerome asks for, and gets, Jimmy's paintings, all of which are of the Strangler's victims. Jerome leaves a lit cigarette in Jimmy's apartment by accident, setting a fire and burning up the apartment and Jimmy. The police arrest Jerome as the Strangler ; Audrey realizes that her true love is Jerome and that she was stupid to be in love with Jonah ; and Jerome is sent to prison. Jerome's paintings, especially one of Audrey, become prized by collectors; Vince scores a huge hit with his documentary of the Strangler called My Roommate: The Murderer. In prison, Jerome continues to paint and sells his works at high prices, not caring that people think he is the killer, while all the while Audrey is still in love with him. At the end, Audrey and Jerome share a kiss through the protective glass.
15656621	2	Five years after the events of The Fast and the Furious, Dominic Toretto  and his new crew, Leticia "Letty" Ortiz , Tego "Teddy" , Omar Santos , Cara Mirtha  and Han Seoul-Oh , are hijacking fuel tankers in the Dominican Republic. Dominic begins to suspect the trail is too hot and leaves Leticia behind in order to protect her from harm. Several weeks later, in Panama City, Dominic gets a call from Mia, who tells him that Leticia has been murdered by Fenix Calderon , after getting into a near fatal car accident. Dominic heads back to Los Angeles to examine Leticia's crash and finds traces of nitromethane. He then goes to the only car mechanic that uses nitromethane and coerces him into giving him the name David Park , the man who ordered the fuel. Meanwhile, F.B.I. agent Brian O'Conner  is trying to track down a drug dealer named Arturo Braga . His search leads him to David Park. Dominic arrives at Park's apartment first and hangs him out of the window by his ankles before letting go. Brian, who was also on his way to Park's place, saves Park and Park becomes the FBI's new informant. Park gets Brian into a street race through Los Angeles. Brian selects a modified Nissan Skyline GT-R R34 from the Impound Lot. Dominic also shows up to race in his modified 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle. Gisele Yashar , the liaison for Braga, reveals that the winner will become the last driver on a team that traffics heroin between the Mexico–United States border. Dominic wins by bumping Brian's car, making him lose control. Brian uses his power as an FBI agent to arrest another driver, Dwight Mueller , and takes his place on the team. The following day, the team meets one of the Braga's men. They drive across the border using underground tunnels to avoid detection. Brian had prior knowledge that, after the heroin was delivered, Braga ordered the drivers to be killed. However it was revealed to Dominic from Fenix that he killed Leticia and after a tense stand-off, Dominic detonates his car with nitrous to distract Braga's men and Brian hijacks a Hummer with $60 million worth of heroin. Both Dominic and Brian drive back to Los Angeles and hide the heroin in a police impound lot where Brian picks up a modified Subaru Impreza WRX STI. Later on, Dominic finds out Brian was the last person to contact Leticia, which results in him being attacked by Dominic until he learns Leticia was working undercover for Brian, tracking down Braga in exchange for clearing Dominic's name. Brian tells his superiors that in exchange for Dominic's pardon, he will lure Braga into a trap, forcing him to personally show up to exchange money for the heroin. At the drop site, however, Ramon Campos , the man who claims to be "Braga", is revealed as a decoy, and "Campos", the real Braga, escapes and flees to Mexico. Brian and Dominic travel to Mexico on their own to catch Braga. They find him at a church and apprehend him. As Braga's henchmen come down to rescue their leader, Brian and Dominic drive through the underground tunnels back to the United States. When some of Braga's men are killed, Brian crashes his car and is injured after being T-boned by Fenix at the end of the tunnel. Before Fenix can kill Brian, Dominic, who survived the explosion and exchanged his 1970 Dodge Charger with a 1973 Chevrolet Camaro, drives into and kills Fenix. As police and helicopters start streaming to the crash site on the USA side, Brian tells Dominic to leave, but Dominic refuses, saying he's tired of running. Despite Brian's request for clemency, the judge sentences Dominic to 25 years to life. Dominic boards a prison bus that will take him to Lompoc penitentiary and as the bus drives down the road, Brian and Mia, along with Leo and Santos , arrive in their cars to intercept it.
15453826	1	{{expand section}} A ski resort in the Colorado Rockies has its annual winter carnival spoiled by a series of vacationers that are being brutally murdered by an unknown animal. The local sheriff  believes that the culprit is a legendary creature, a Yeti or Sasquatch. The owner of the ski resort says there is no such being because she doesn't want to lose her business. Either way, the creature must be stopped as it is continuing its attacks. In the film's climax, the Yeti attacks Gar Seberg  who shoots it with a revolver. However, the Yeti survives the shots, and, out of ammunition, Gar picks up a ski pole and impales the beast, causing it to fall off a mountain, killing it. Gar and his wife, Ellen Seberg  embrace happily, while the rest of the group looks on.
5787130	1	Ashley  is depressed because her father Jack  spends all his time focusing on his job instead of her and her older brother Joshua . She constantly records his radio show and listens to it. One day, her father takes them to a remote Canadian lake that was popular with tourists due to a myth about an aquatic monster named Orky. They rented a cabin next to an elderly Native American man who was confined to a wheelchair. Jack meets a local psychiatrist named Wanda  who is trying to aid some local men who claim that they have been possessed by Orky. When Ashley runs away, Jack also has the same experience whilst looking for her. As a result he becomes more devoted to his children. Ashley and Joshua find out that the reason that Orky is possessing people is to try and tell them that he is dying because a businessman is dumping toxic waste into the lake. Ashley and Joshua help the old man in the cabin next to theirs to find a totem pole in the woods. With the help of Hiro , the son of some Japanese monster seekers, they expose the businessman's illegal dumping. Orky, however, still dies from the poisonous waste. The old man summons a lighting bolt which enters a hole in the cave where Orky lives. Ashley and Hiro stay on the dock overnight and leave some cookies out. When she realises that the cookies have been eaten Ashley screams with joy which suggests that Orky is still alive.
24872588	1	Abel Plenkov , a man who suffers from multiple personality disorder and schizophrenia and whose alter ego is 'The Riverton Ripper' murders his pregnant wife and counselor Dr. Blake. When he dies later that night, his multiple personalities are transferred to the souls of seven children who were born prematurely that same night. 16 years later, Adam 'Bug' Hellerman  and six other children celebrate their 16th birthday. Throughout the day, 5 of the 7 children are brutally killed by the Riverton Ripper including : Jay , Penelope , Brandon , Brittany , and Jerome . Bug's adoptive mother  is also killed, as well as the police officer, Detective Paterson , who had been investigating the murders 16 years earlier. Bug's older sister Leah 'Fang' Hellerman  is wounded but survives. Bug finds out he is the son of the Ripper, Abel Plenkov. After the Ripper kills people throughout the Hellerman house, Bug's best friend Alex  crawls through the window and Bug realizes that the Ripper's soul transferred to Alex's body. Alex also reveals he murdered his abusive stepfather. After a brief struggle, Bug manages to stab Alex and free the Ripper's soul into Hell. Thinking he will be arrested  he walks out of the house and is instead celebrated as a hero after Leah tells the police exactly what happened. Although he doesn't feel like a hero, Bug decides to "fake it..." and act like a hero, just like Alex had taught him to act like a man.
21774959	1	A free and compassionate human spirit is trapped in Shibu, an eleven-year-old boy. In order to guide Shibu's wandering energy on a constructive path, his widow mother sends him to the city from the village, with his uncle. But Shibu's carefree approach to life and his energetic response to reality, makes him a subject of annoyance to the neighbour as well as his own aunt. This forces his uncle to be strict with him and he takes him along to his shoe shop, in order to keep a watch on him, studying. But the situation leads Shibu on a different track. Being asked by the Uncle to carry a pair of shoes to a doctor's residence, Shibu ventures across the streets and lanes in his casual and carefree manner while encountering some stray incidents. But, then something very sudden and unpredictable happens, which invites him to show his true potential and real merit, to surprise the adults, effected by indifferent attitude.
23778616	1	The Country Cousin tells the story of a mouse from "Podunk"  coming to visit his relative in the city. The opening shot/title card is of the mouse in question, Abner, staring up at the city skyscrapers, with the sign directing him to Podunk facing the opposite way. He receives a telegram  from his cousin, Monty, telling him to "Stop being a hick" and come live with him in the city. Without specifying the location of Abner or Monty, the film sets out to contrast the lifestyles of the archetypal country and city inhabitants. Abner is shown walking along a railroad towards the city, and when he arrives, the differences between the two become clear. Abner is wearing overalls and is portrayed as bumbling and oblivious to the dangers of the city, whilst Monty sports a top-hat and is acutely aware of the problems they face . Monty leads Abner to a meal that the human residents of the household have set out. The two mice begin by dining on cheese, but Abner lacks any sense of etiquette, and soon begins gorging himself on celery, cream, and mustard, the latter of which generates a reaction to the excessive heat. Cooling himself with Champagne, Abner finds himself partial to the taste, and becomes drunk, provoking the disdain of Monty. Abner begins seeing in double vision, and creates more noise by bringing down a pile of bread . Abner then assesses his reflection  in a block of jelly . As he walks away, he slips on a piece of butter lying on a saucer. The saucer, spinning and flying across the table, catches Monty on the way, and breaks several pieces of dishware too. Monty is infuriated, and as the pair are now on the floor, he attempts to find a secluded spot, safe from the sleeping pet cat. The inebriated Abner, with a great sense of bravado, kicks the cat's behind, whilst his cousin rushes back to his home . The cat bares its teeth at Abner, which only leads him to inspect the inside of its mouth, thus bringing Abner back to his senses. He is then chased by the cat, first receiving an electric shock by jumping inside a socket , and then ending up on the city street when he jumps out of the window. Abner is faced with escaping from the footsteps of the people, a bike, an electric tram, and other vehicles. He finds himself at the city limits again, and flees back to his home town.
20028957	3	In Madrid in 1939 during the final days of the Spanish Civil War, Virtudes and Carmen, two young idealistic Republican militants, are encouraging their neighbours to keep faith in the cause of the Republic. However, the entry of Franco's victorious troops into the city is eminent. Fearing the bloody repression that was coming, many Republicans are fleeing the country while others are unable or unwilling to do so. Julia, a streetcar attendant and her friend, Adelina, a Red Cross worker, are also active sympathizers of the Spanish Republic. While spending an evening in a nightclub watching musicians perform, one of the last bombings of the city takes place. In those dire circumstances they befriend Blanca, whose husband Enrique is the musicians's band leader. The triumph of the Francoist troops marks a dark turning point in the lives of those who sympathized with the Republic. Canepa, one of the musicians in Enrique's band, is a Republican militant. Fearing for his life, he decides to leave the country. Blanca, Enrique's wife, gives him some money to help him on his way. Meanwhile, Julia strikes up a relationship with dapper young nationalist soldier Perico. It is rumored that there was a plot to assassinate Franco on his victorious entry into the capital, and the nationalists are seeking revenge. Although the girls have nothing to do with it, they have been targeted for their propagandistic leftist activities. The first to be arrested is Julia, who, before too long, is being sadistically tortured by the orders of Fontenla, the cold-hearted officer in charge of the interrogations. Adelina, Virtudes' co-worker, like most of the others is a member of a socialist group. She is turned in by her well-meaning father in the naïve belief that nothing serious would happened to her and that she is just wanted for questioning. Canepa and Teo are turned in by friends and neighbors and are tortured. Canepa commits suicide while under arrest. Teo has better luck and is eventually released on the condition that he has to secretly help to identify and capture his friends, sympathizers of the Republic. With Teo's help, one by one the girls are arrested, and soon they have all been jailed. Only Carmen, the youngest of the girls of the group realizes Teo's doublecrossing, but she is also arrested. Blanca also suffers the same fate. Her only crime is to have given Canepa some money. After suffering heavy police interrogations, the young group of women are eventually transferred to an overcrowded prison. The reunion of the girls in jail serves as a consolation to their dire circumstances. At one point, they even enjoy a bit of tap-dancing. Their families, including Adelina's grief-stricken father, are hoping that they would eventually be released. Blanca is worried about her small son that she was forced to leave behind. Her admirable behaviour and her serenity while in jail made her gain the respect of the woman in charge of the prison. However, their situation worsens when the group of women complain of the terrible sanitary condition for the children imprisoned with their mothers. As a protest they jointly refused to sing the praises of the Franco regime. The fate of the 13 young women is sealed when two military officers and an innocent woman are killed in cold blood by a group of leftist revolutionaries. As a punishment, the regime order the execution of some of the prisoners, though they have nothing to do with what have happened while they are in jail. A military court condemned the 48 men and 13 young women to death in less than 48 hours. Carmen, the youngest of all, is the only survivor of the group. Desolated she listens to the shots that killed her terrified friends. The final frame of the film asserts that the bulk of the content is verifiable from documentation and that the script relies heavily on actual dialogue or writings from the central characters.
25225101	1	Captain Duncan "Mac" Maclain is a formidable private detective who happens to be blind; but his other senses are sharper than average. He copes with his sight deficiency by being accompanied by a dog named Friday and a human assistant named Marty. Mac is asked by his friend Norma to break up a romantic relationship between her seventeen year old step-daughter Barbara and a fifty year old actor. Mac finds the lover has been murdered and detects his body has been removed from the scene of the crime. The murder leads him into an Axis spy ring.  In the novel, Mac is a Government Intelligence Agent.
32951744	2	An old man his his beautiful daughter are lured to an island on the Victorian coast with the promise of a share in a deceased person's estate. The father finds the fortune was made from drug smuggling, the contraband being dropped off by passing steamers. The old man joins the drug trade. A detective investigates and falls for the girl. The drug smuggler is unmasked, the old man is exonerated and the detective is united with the girl.
21456144	2	The film is a comedy drama, set around leading cricketer Sam Palmer's last appearance for England. He desperately wants his son to be there at The Oval to witness this, but the son is more concerned with meeting a leading poet Alexander Whitehead. Whitehead, it turns out, is more interested in cricket.FTVDB.bfi.org.uk Whitehead takes Reggie along to the match, in time to see Sam get out for a duck.
34953631	2	A severe school director, and only for one reason. An ambitious teacher fired for no reason. A naïve substitute whose poor health drives him out of his reasonable mind. And the young sister, who is in love and whose window is her reason to live.
10133100	2	The film is about Melanie Porter , a 17-year-old college-bound girl who is getting ready to graduate from high school and really wants to go to Georgetown University. However, her father James Porter , the chief of police in the quiet Chicago suburb where they live, is overprotective of Melanie, and isn't ready for her to leave and study so far away from home. Chief Porter has other plans for Melanie; he wants her to go to Northwestern University which is only 28 minutes away from home. Porter also receives problems from disagreements with his real estate agent wife, Michelle , the family pig Albert, who continuously annoys him, and his youngest son Trey, who spends much time with the pig. Melanie gets invited to an interview at Georgetown after a college recruiter saw her performance at a mock trial. Her two best friends, Nancy  and Katie , offer to take her on their college road trip to Pittsburgh. Melanie is all set to go with her friends until her father surprises her with his own college road trip to Washington, D.C.. On their way, Melanie reluctantly visits Northwestern to take a tour. They meet an almost-too-happy father and daughter duo, Doug  and Wendy , who are on their own college road trip. Porter has planted actors at Northwestern, one screaming at Melanie they lost an eye at Georgetown. Melanie almost falls for it until one of the actors says to her "Yeah, the chief's a pretty smart guy", since he never met Porter. Their car soon breaks down and they find Trey in the trunk with Albert and a supply of oxygen. They stop at a hotel  but end up causing trouble when Albert eats coffee beans and becomes hyperactive. They run into Doug and Wendy again, who offer Melanie and Porter a ride since Porter's car broke down. Later, Melanie and her father ride on a tour bus where they try to work out their differences. At one destination, Nancy and Katie show up and take Melanie to a sorority house. Porter, due to a misunderstanding, and the owner not letting him in to check on her, sneaks into the house. After hearing that his daughter has faith in him, he decides to leave the next morning. Unfortunately, after Melanie leaves, he gets caught by the owner and brutally tased. Porter's mother comes to bail him out, and opens up about her own past fears when her son went to the Army, but still believed in her son to go his own path. Porter and Melanie end up forgiving each other at the airport. After dropping off Trey, they skydive to make the interview at Georgetown. Melanie is nervous, but Porter tells her she can do it and that they didn't come all this way for nothing. She then is accepted into Georgetown, which Wendy is accepted into too. In the end, James copes with letting go and the final scene shows the family at Thanksgiving dinner. Melanie introduces her friend Tracy . James learns to cope with this, and Doug's daughter announces her engagement to Scooter  which causes an enraged Doug to finally freak out and attack him. Deleted scenes include an alternate opening where James foils a bank robbery and a phone conversation where Michelle Porter, a real estate agent, is listening to Melanie's and James's complaints while Michelle is in the middle of showing a house to a couple. The couple think Michelle is talking to another buyer and decide to buy the house themselves.
23524192	2	12-year-old Dre Parker and his mother Sherry move to Beijing from Detroit after she gets a job transfer. Dre develops a crush on a young violinist, Mei Ying, who reciprocates his attention, but Cheng, a rebellious kung fu prodigy whose family is close to Mei Ying's, attempts to keep them apart by beating Dre, and later bullies him at school. After a field trip to the Forbidden City, Dre encounters Cheng and his friends hanging out close to his apartment. Dre tries to pass by without them seeing him. When he finds a bucket of water catching overflow from a steam vent, Dre gets revenge by splashing dirty water over Cheng. Cheng and the others catch Dre and beat him. During the attack, the enigmatic maintenance man of Dre's building, Mr. Han, comes to Dre's aid, revealing himself as a kung fu master who dispatches Dre's tormentors. After Han mends Dre's injuries using fire cupping, Dre asks if Mr. Han could teach him kung fu. Han refuses, but meets Cheng's teacher, Master Li, to make peace. Li, who teaches his students to show no mercy to their enemies, challenges Dre to a fight with Cheng. When Han declines, Li says they will not be allowed to leave his school unless Dre or Han fights. Han acquiesces, but insists the fight take place at an upcoming tournament, and that Li's students leave Dre alone until the tournament. Li agrees, but tells Han that if Dre does not show up during the tournament he will personally bring pain to Han and Dre. Dre is shocked when Han tells him that he will fight in a kung fu tournament. Han promises to teach Dre "real" kung fu. Han begins training Dre, but Dre is frustrated that Han merely has him spend hours taking off his jacket, hanging it up, dropping it and putting it on again. After days of this, Dre refuses to continue until Han demonstrates that the repetitive arm movements were Han's method of teaching Dre martial arts techniques, which Dre displays instinctively when prompted by Han's mock attacks. Han emphasizes that the movements Dre is learning apply to life in general, and that serenity and maturity, not punches and power, are the true keys to mastering the martial arts. As Dre's friendship with Mei Ying continues, Dre persuades Mei Ying to cut school for a day of fun, but when she is nearly late for her violin audition which was preceded in a day without their knowledge, her parents deem him a bad influence and forbid her from spending more time with him. When Dre finds Han drunk, despondent and breaking the car he had in his living room, Dre learns that it is the anniversary of Han's wife and son's deaths, which occurred when he lost control of the car due to anger caused from an argument he was having with his wife. Dre reminds Han that one of his lessons was in perseverance, and that Han needs to heal from his loss. Han assists Dre in reading a note of apology to Mei Ying's father in Chinese; he accepts and promises that he and Mei Ying will attend the tournament to support Dre. At the tournament, the under-confident Dre is slow to achieve parity with his opponents, but soon begins beating them and advances to the semifinals, as does Cheng, who violently finishes off his opponents. Dre comes up against Liang, another of Li's students, who is instructed by Li to injure Dre's leg. When Liang insists that he can beat Dre, Li sternly tells him that he does not want him beaten, but broken. Although Liang is disqualified for his illegal strikes and insubordination, Dre is badly injured. Despite Han's insistence that he has earned respect for his performance, Dre convinces Han to mend his leg by using fire cupping in order to continue. Dre returns to the arena, facing Cheng. Dre delivers impressive blows, but Cheng counters with a strike to Dre's injured leg. Dre struggles to get up, and attempts the reflection technique to manipulate Cheng into changing his attack stance. Cheng charges Dre, but Dre flips and catches Cheng with a kick to his head, winning the tournament along with the respect of Cheng and his classmates. Cheng awards Dre the trophy, instead of the presenter and the Fighting Dragon students bow to Mr.Han.
3763636	3	Duke Davis is a stage show promoter in love with Ethel Andrews, a popular singer in his company dubbed "the Bronze Venus". Duke finds out that big-time promoters from New York City want to propel Ethel into the big leagues, but Ethel, out of loyalty and love for Duke, refuses to leave his small-time show. Duke, in a selfless act, orchestrates a deception to force Ethel to leave his show in order to better her career. However, the loss of the Bronze Venus causes Duke's own career to collapse and he soon finds himself working on a travelling medicine show where he goes from town to town, introducing a series of specialty musical acts and helping to sell Doc Dorando's all-purpose elixir. But when he hears that Ethel's New York gig is a flop, Duke goes to New York where he is reunited with her. Soon after, Duke combines his stage show, the medicine show and Ethel's singing into a top nightclub act.
11279445	3	A mismatched couple discovers that whatever can go wrong will go wrong during a family visit in this comedy. Leni  is a television reporter from a Jewish family in Spain. One weekend, Leni drops by her family's home for a visit, with her new boyfriend, college professor Rafi , in tow. Rafi is more than a bit nervous about meeting Leni's family - chronically nervous mother Gloria , blustery father Ernesto , dance-student sister Tania , strait-laced bother David , and addled grandfather Dudu . But Leni quickly makes matters worse when she announces to her family, who are waiting for Ernesto to return from work, that Rafi just happens to be Palestinian. Matters become a bit tense after that as Rafi accidentally drops a block of frozen soup out the high rise window while joking with Tania's young daughter - hitting a man on the head who might just be Ernesto. He and Leni sneak outside to call an ambulance before returning inside because Leni doesn't want to ruin her career with such a scandal. But when Rafi sees Tania's daughter's drawing of Ernesto he realizes what he may have done. As tensions raise, the entire family becomes more and more exuberant, ending with Leni telling her mother of Tania's suspicion that Ernesto is cheating on her. At this point Rafi finally manages to tell Leni he think the man was her father so that Gloria, Tania, Rafi and Leni all rush out of the building to Ernesto's office to try and catch him in the act . We see that Ernesto was not actually dead and he wakes up with some memory loss, leading him to believe that a prostitute is his wife who quickly throws him out when she realizes he has no money. Ernesto continues to wander hopelessly. The family meanwhile arrives at his office only to find another bald man having an affair who tells them Ernesto already left. As Tania and Rafi wait for Leni and Gloria who are having a mother-daughter conversation, Tania seduces Rafi with a dance to a song he knows. She kisses him but he rejects her. When they return, Leni is convinced that Tania slept with him which leads Tania to finally cast off her apparent apathetic view of the family. Everyone leaves the office reconciled and upon their return home, Ernesto is driven up by a woman on a scooter who found him wandering the streets and the family is whole again.
9040345	3	In the winter of 1941, the attack on Pearl Harbor throws the United States into a turmoil of paranoia and racism. In the midst of it all, young Bette Warren  is uprooted to Los Angeles with her father, an injured war hero, and her older brother, a young upstart lost in the shadows of his father's military past. Bette quickly finds solace in Scott, the orphaned grandson of her Japanese neighbor. With all the innocence of youth the pair share a common dream of a world untouched by war and hatred. What they could not dream of is the awful reality that awaits them upon discovery of their friendship, and the inevitable pain of innocence lost.
5931755	2	Wisely, the famous writer/adventurer, is tricked by his friend  into helping him steal the dragon pearl. Sam Hui plays Wisely in this big budget HK movie, with production units filming some scenes by the Great Pyramids, and many scenes in Nepal. There are car chases and crashes, chases by horsemen and plenty of fights along the way. The Legend of Wisely is a live action comic book. A lot of effort went into making this movie, and it shows as Wisely goes from one hazard to another, an HK version of Indiana Jones.
18091109	3	Smith, a mild-mannered clerk, unexpectedly becomes one of the first among his colleagues to sign up on the declaration of World War I. Undashing but courageous, he foils a German sabotage plot.
14143964	1	Hop Harrigan  and his pal "Tank" Tinker operate a small airport and flying service, and are hired by J. Westly Arnold  to fly scientist, Dr. Tabor , to his secret laboratory where he has a revolutionary new power unit. But an unknown character known as The Chief Pilot is interested in the invention and uses a destructive ray to cripple Hop's airplane and kidnap Tabor. Hop and "Tank", aided by Gail Nolan (Jennifer Holt and her kid brother, Jackie , finally overcome the villains only find a bigger threat to them all within their group...
407178	2	Jack Hall  is a paleoclimatologist on an expedition in Antarctica with colleagues Frank  and Jason . They are drilling for ice core samples on the Larsen Ice Shelf for the NOAA when the shelf breaks off and Jack almost falls to his death, but he is saved at the last second, and they finish their expedition. Later on, in New Delhi, India, Jack presents his findings on global warming at a United Nations conference, where diplomats and Vice President of the United States Raymond Becker  are unconvinced by Jack's findings. However, Professor Terry Rapson  of the Hedland Climate Research Centre in Scotland believes in Jack's theories. Several buoys in the North Atlantic simultaneously show a massive drop in the ocean temperature, and Rapson concludes that melting polar ice is disrupting the North Atlantic current. He contacts Jack, whose paleoclimatological weather model shows how climate changes caused the first Ice Age, and can predict what will happen. Jack thought the events would take hundreds or thousands of years, but his team, along with NASA's meteorologist Janet Tokada , builds a forecast model with their combined data. Across the world, violent weather causes mass destruction, including a massive snowstorm in New Delhi, a powerful hailstorm striking Tokyo, Japan, and a series of devastating tornadoes in Los Angeles. President Blake  authorizes the FAA to suspend all air traffic due to severe turbulence. At the International Space Station  three astronauts see a huge storm system spanning the northern hemisphere, delaying their returning home. The situation worsens when the latter develops into three massive hurricane-like super storms with eyes holding extremely cold air that instantly freezes anything it comes in contact with. Jack's theories become reality in seven to ten days' time. Meanwhile, Jack's son Sam  is in New York City for an academic competition with his friends Brian and Laura , where they also befriend a student named J.D. . On the flight over there is severe turbulence and Sam grabs Laura's hand in fright. During the competition, birds migrating south suddenly fill the sky as animals all over New York become agitated. The weather becomes increasingly violent with intense winds and rains, causing the traffic-jammed Manhattan streets to become flooded knee-deep in a mix of rainwater, saltwater, and sewage. Sam calls his father, promising to be on the next train home, but the subways and Grand Central Terminal are closed due to flooding. As the storm worsens a massive storm surge hits Manhattan, causing major flooding and killing thousands in the chaos. Sam and his friends seek shelter in the New York Public Library, but not before Laura gets wounded, cutting her leg on a submerged taxicab. While survivors in the northern United States are forced to stay inside due to the cold, President Blake orders the evacuation of the southern states, causing almost all of the refugees to head to Mexico. Initially Mexico closes its US border, but President Blake negotiates to open the border. Jack and his team set out for Manhattan to find his son. Their truck crashes into a tractor just past Philadelphia, so the group continues on snowshoes. During the journey, Frank falls through the glass roof of a snow-covered shopping mall. As Jason and Jack try to pull Frank up, the glass under them continues to crack and Frank sacrifices himself by cutting the rope and falling to the floor far below. Meanwhile in Mexico, Vice President Raymond Becker hears from the Secretary of State that President Blake's motorcade was caught in one of the super storms before he could make it to Mexico, so Becker is sworn in as the new President. Inside the library, Sam warns everyone to stay indoors, but few listen. The small group that remains burns books to stay alive and breaks the vending machine for food. Laura appeared to have a cold, so Sam comforts her and later confesses that he joined the team because he held feelings for her. Laura and Sam share a kiss. Soon afterward, the group find out that Laura is afflicted with blood poisoning from her cut leg's being infected by the sewage-tainted water, so Sam, Brian and J.D. search for penicillin in a derelict Russian cargo ship that drifted inland, and are attacked by starving wolves that have escaped from the local zoo. The eye of the super storm begins to pass over the city, instantly freezing everything from the top down. The three barely get back to the library with the medicine, food and supplies they were able to scavenge. During the deep freeze, Jack and Jason take shelter in an abandoned Wendy's restaurant, then resume their journey after the astronauts confirm the storm's dissipation, finally arriving in New York. They discover the library buried in snow, but find Sam's group alive. They radio this in and the President orders in UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters flown in New York. President Becker orders search and rescue teams to look for other survivors  as he gives his first address to the nation. As the main characters are evacuated and flown over the city, they see that hundreds of other helicopters searching for more survivors find success as people from other skyscrapers flock to the roofs, looking for a ride to safety. The movie concludes with the astronauts looking down at Earth from the Space Station, showing most of the northern hemisphere covered in ice and snow, with one of the astronauts calling it "the clearest atmosphere [he's] ever seen."
12517509	2	Growing up in Chaiya, Surat Thani Province, three boys, Piak, Pao and Samor, are followers of Pao's brother, Krang , a legendary muay Thai fighter who is taught by Pao's father, Tew . After an accident partially cripples Samor, Piak and Pao train as boxers under Tew, but the boxing school is broken up when Tew and Krang are recruited for a gym in Bangkok. Eventually, Piak and Pao go to Bangkok themselves, bringing along Samor, and Sripai, a nurse who is engaged to Piak, but whom Pao secretly loves. Piak's hot-headedness makes him a fierce fighter, but it is also a liability that costs him a fight and ends his career. He joins the world of underground bare-knuckles brawling, and he and Samor take on other jobs in the underworld as well, including helping out at go-go bar where the pretty Warn dances and seduces Piak. While working for the underworld, both of them ended up also doing dirty works for their boss. Pao, meanwhile, begins training with his father, and works his way up the ranks, is put forward as a top boxer in a match against a fierce farang, Diamond Sullivan, which places Pao at odds with the gangsters whom Piak and Samor work for.KRU PAIK. Sripai later saw Piak in bed with Warn and went to find Pao. Pao and Sripai live together since while Piak took over the underground business once his boss was killed by another rival boss. Eventually the film climax at Pao's fight with Diamond. Pao was knocked down several times, but came victorious as he remembers the time three of them trained together as a young boy.  Although the film has received accolades for its action sequences, the films representation of the art of Muay Chaiya is not always accurate. The some depiction in the movie is more akin to the stadium style of Muay Thai, for example, where kicks are performed dropping one hand. A lot of the footwork doesn't utilize the yang saam khum that traditional Muay Chaiya uses. Muay Chaiya technique as espoused by the last surviving grandmaster Ajarn Ketr Siripatyai, does not resemble stadium muay thai in many regards. There were only a few authentic Muay Chaiya practitioners in the movie, one of which was  Prawit Kittichanthira who played Krangsuk. He is one of the top students in the style, and one of the few people who have proved that the style can be used in, and out of the ring.
13227780	3	This lyrical psychological film is about true friendship. The characters in the film are contemporaries in of late 1970s Azerbaijan SSR with differing visions of the world, yet sharing true and lasting friendship.
1015441	2	The movie focuses on seven women who decide to fight the local drug cartel after the brother of Michelle Wilson, a Las Vegas pop singer, is found severely beaten. When taken to the hospital, the young man is found to have been on illegal drugs. The singer meets with April, her brother's teacher, and the two hatch a plan to destroy the local drug processing plant. They recruit four more women with special skills and connections to help them carry out their audacious goal. As they plan their first strike, they discover high-schooler Trish spying on them. The student gets relegated to phone duty, but eventually worms her way into their escapades. The "Angels" not only destroy the processing plant, but also manage to intercept one of the shipments. As a result, the women receive unwelcome attention from the local drug cartel.
24476863	2	Leila Aradella , a young and egotistical woman, finds pleasure from preying on weak men with her charm and beauty. John Morton , a brilliant lawyer, is ruined both morally and financially by her. Rex Walden , the big-hearted son of a society matron, Mrs. Walden , then falls for Leila and proposes marriage. The family and friends of Rex, who has become her complete slave, protest his decision, believing that Leila is trouble. Mrs. Walden sends his older brother, Franklin Walden , to attempt to stop Leila from playing with Rex's affections. Franklin, however, falls in love with her himself. When Rex learns that Leila has left him for his brother, he is driven to commit suicide by her callous behavior. Mrs. Walden, now desperate, enlists Adele Harley , a girl of strong moral character, to win Franklin's affections away from Leila. Franklin is gradually drawn away from Leila and Adele's victory causes Leila to lose her confidence. In a drunken and angry state, Leila falls through a massive mirror and her face is cut with a shard of glass. After "marring the beauty of her face so utterly that her power to charm men is forever lost,"{{cite news}} the permanently disfigured Leila ends up a broken and lonely woman.
73437	3	The film features Joan Baez, Donovan and Alan Price , Dylan's manager Albert Grossman and his road manager Bob Neuwirth; Marianne Faithfull, John Mayall, Ginger Baker, and Allen Ginsberg may also be glimpsed in the background. The film shows a young Dylan: confident if not arrogant, confrontational and contrary, but also charismatic and charming. Notable scenes include: *Dylan's extended taunting of Time Magazines London arts and science correspondent Horace Freeland Judson who was subjected to what he believes to be a contrived tirade of abuse from Dylan. *Dylan's interrupting Alan Price's backstage performance of "Little Things" to ask Price why he left The Animals. *Dylan and Baez singing Hank Williams songs in a hotel room, as well as Baez singing the first few verses of "Percy's Song" and "Love Is Just a Four-Letter Word"  *Dylan's pre-concert philosophical jousting with a "science student" ([[Terry Ellis . *Grossman negotiating with former Bebop Dance band leader and music agent, Tito Burns. *Dylan singing "Only a Pawn in Their Game" on July 6, 1963 at a Voters' Registration Rally in Greenwood, Mississippi .Dylan: Don't look back *A selection of songs from Dylan's Royal Albert Hall performance. *Dylan regaling the room with "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" after proclaiming "Hey, that's pretty GOOD, man!" in the middle of Donovan's performance of "To Sing for You". Dylan's romance with Baez had pretty much run its course by the time of the tour, and the film candidly captures what amounts to their breakup. The opening scene of the film also served as a kind of music video for Dylan's song "Subterranean Homesick Blues", in which the singer displays and discards a series of cue cards bearing selected words and phrases from the lyrics . Allen Ginsberg makes a cameo appearance during this episode.
3027347	2	Ryan Gaerity , an Irish terrorist, escapes from his cell in a castle prison in Northern Ireland. In faraway Boston, meanwhile, Lt. Jimmy Dove  is a veteran bomb disposal technician for the Boston Police Department bomb squad. He irritates his captain, partner and everyone else when he plays hero and disarms explosives. Nobody, except for his uncle Max , knows of Jimmy's dark past. Originally from Belfast, Northern Ireland, Jimmy's actual name is Liam McGivney. He had been friends and partners with Gaerity, who, unbeknownst to Liam, was a freelance terrorist. After a botched attempt to stop Gaerity led to the bomber's imprisonment and the death of his girlfriend , Liam fled to Boston and became Jimmy Dove. Gaerity comes to Boston to seek vengeance against Jimmy, who is semi-retired but working as an instructor. Gaerity begins taunting his old protégé with threats and his homemade explosives and causing the deaths of Jimmy's colleagues Blanket, Cortez and Rita. With his new family now in danger, Jimmy reveals his secret to his wife Kate . He returns to action to hunt for Gaerity, while rookie technician Anthony Franklin  investigates Jimmy, suspecting a connection between the two. Max is brutally killed by Gaerity and even though Dove arrives in time, he is helpless to do anything but watch. Dove proceeds to track Gaerity to his steamboat hideout, booby-trapped with explosives. After a brief fight, he cuffs himself to Gaerity, prepared to die in order to keep his secret and prevent any more deaths. He is saved by Franklin at the last minute, leaving Gaerity to die when the boat detonates in a massive fireball. Dove and Franklin hurry to reach a performance of the Boston Pops orchestra before it ends. They need to get to Kate, a musician, in time to rescue her . After a harrowing chase, they disarm the bomb. Franklin tells Dove that he knows his secret, but will leave the matter alone if Dove lets him  be the hero and take all the credit for taking down Gaerity. Dove gives Franklin his badge and gun and walks away with his family.
23227309	1	Meteorites falling from the sky during a meteor shower act as transportation for dragons traveling within. The dragons wreak havoc on the surrounding medieval countryside and two rival monarchs, King Fastrad  and King Wednesbury  must join forces to face the threat. A messenger arrives to warn King Fastrad who does not believe him, until the dragons make their appearance and destroy his fiefdom. Fastrad and his top aids then head to the fiefdom of King Wednesbury, ostensibly to seek aid, but planning to overthrow him. Along the way they meet Silas , a hunter who agrees, for a price, to escort and protect the party from the countryside's other dangers. They reach Wednesbury and Fastrad falsely accuses Silas of being a poacher in order to wiggle out of the debt. Silas is joined by the Mystic Scholar Ling , the vengeance-seeking Remmegar , and King Wednesbury's warrior daughter Medina . One of the meteors was damaged when it fell, killing its dragon passenger. Ling studies the dead beast and the party decides to set off to hunt the remaining dragons using a giant balista. While they are gone, Fastrad continues plotting against Wednesbury, and blackmails Wednesbury's aide to kill Silas.
10206962	3	Professor Grady Tripp  is a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university . He is having an affair with the university chancellor, Sara Gaskell , whose husband, Walter ([[Richard Thomas , is the chairman of the English department in which Grady is a professor. Grady's third wife, Emily, has just left him, and he has failed to repeat the grand success of his first novel, published years earlier. He continues to labor on a second novel, but the more he tries to finish it the less able he finds himself to invent a satisfactory ending - the book runs to over two and a half thousand pages and is still far from finished. He spends his free time smoking marijuana. His students include James Leer  and Hannah Green . Hannah and James are friends and both very good writers. Hannah, who rents a room in Tripp's large house, is attracted to Tripp, but he does not reciprocate. James is enigmatic, quiet, dark and enjoys writing fiction more than he first lets on. During a party at the Gaskells' house, Sara reveals to Grady that she is pregnant with his child. Grady finds James standing outside holding what he claims to be a replica gun, won by his mother at a fairground during her schooldays. However, the gun turns out to be very real, as James shoots the Gaskells' dog when he finds it attacking Grady. James also steals a very valuable piece of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia from the house. Grady is unable to tell Sara of this incident as she is pressuring him to choose between her and Emily. As a result, Grady is forced to keep the dead dog in the trunk of his car for most of the weekend. He also allows James to follow him around, fearing that he may be depressed or even suicidal. Gradually he realizes that much of what James tells him about himself and his life is untrue, and is seemingly designed to elicit Grady's sympathy. Meanwhile, Grady's editor, Terry Crabtree , has flown into town on the pretense of attending the university's annual WordFest, a literary event for aspiring authors. In reality, Crabtree is there to see if Tripp has written anything worth publishing, as both men's careers depend on Grady's upcoming book. Terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight, called Antonia Sloviak . The pair apparently become intimate in a bedroom at the Gaskells' party, but immediately afterwards Terry meets, and becomes infatuated with, James when Sloviak is unceremoniously sent home. After a night on the town, Crabtree and James semi-consciously flirt throughout the night, which eventually leads up to the two spending an intimate night together in one of Grady's spare rooms. Tired and confused, Grady phones Walter and reveals to him that he is in love with Walter's wife. Meanwhile, Walter has also made the connection between the disappearance of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia and James. The following morning the Pittsburgh Police arrive with Sara to escort James to the Chancellor's office to discuss the ramifications of his actions. The memorabilia is still in Grady's car, which has conspicuously gone missing. This car had been given to him by a friend as payment for a loan, and over the weekend Grady has come to suspect that the car was stolen. Over the course of his travel around town, Grady has been repeatedly accosted by a man claiming to be the car's real owner. He eventually tracks the car down, but in a dispute over its ownership the majority of his manuscript blows out of the car and is lost. The car's owner gives him a ride to the university with his wife, Oola, in the passenger seat, with the stolen memorabilia. Grady finally sees that making things right involves having to make difficult choices. Grady tells Oola the story behind the memorabilia and allows her to leave with it. Worried that Grady's choice comes at the expense of damaging James' future, Crabtree convinces Walter not to press charges by agreeing to publish his book, "a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe and its function in American mythopoetics", tentatively titled The Last American Marriage. The film ends with Grady recounting the eventual fate of the main characters - Hannah graduates and becomes a magazine editor; James wasn't expelled, but drops out and moves to New York with Crabtree to rework his novel for publication; and Crabtree himself "goes right on being Crabtree." Grady finishes typing his new novel , then watches Sara and their child arriving home before turning back to the computer and clicking "Save."
26313404	3	In a fancy Parisian Café c. 1960, an uptight businessman discovers he forgot to bring his wallet and bides his time by ordering more coffee.
5334557	1	Psychologist Charles Marlowe  invents a drug which will release his patients' inhibitions - but when he tests it on himself he becomes cruel, immoral Edward Blake who descends into crime and eventually murder. Utterson , Marlowe's lawyer, believes that Blake is blackmailing his friend until he discovers the truth.
11171190	1	Eleanor of Aquitaine gave birth to twin sons - Lurkalot first and then Richard. But the nobles of the country - led by Sir Braggart de Bombast  intercepted Lurkalot, stole him away and abandoned him in a forest to die. He was raised by a family of pigs who belonged to Sir Coward de Custard  who realised he wasn't a pig and took him in as a serf. By way of remittance, Lurkalot aids his master by selling love potions and chastity belts as well as some unusual inventions in the local village as Sir Coward isn't particularly successful a noble. Lurkalot is also visited by strange "voices" in the middle of the night who speak to him and try to tell him who he really is but get drowned out by events like lightning. All grown up, Richard is bored by ruling England and decides to go on a crusade. Meanwhile, Sir Braggart de Bombast wants to acquire Sir Coward's lands and daughter for himself and makes him an offer. Sir Coward refuses but invites Sir Braggart and his followers to a banquet so as not to offend where a scene is made and Sir Coward refuses to toast Prince John. Offended, Sir Braggart challenges Sir Coward to a duel with Lady Lobelia  as the prize. Lurkalot, although not a Knight, takes up the challenge as the "Man with no name" and defeats Sir Braggart's champion, Sir Grumbell de Grunt  with the aid of a giant magnet. Realising that the rules of chivalry have not been met, Sir Braggart declares the duel void and declares war. Lurkalot and Lady Lobelia flee the scene to his workshop where to protect his master's daughter, he locks her up with a chastity belt. Sir Coward responds to the challenge by running away to join the crusades whilst Lurkalot, encouraged by his voices, goes to find both him and Richard the Lionheart. Once in the Holy Land, he discovers that the "crusades" are actually a Bacchanalian orgy, an excuse to leave the wives and families for a few years. Saladin  is actually a friend of a crusader and started everything. Richard won't leave the Holy Land as he's in his tent with Scheherazade  and insists on trying every position in the Kama Sutra. Lurkalot's voices provide inspiration and he takes all the unused weaponry and fashions them into chastity belts. He then brings feminism to Saladin's women, who go on strike, and Richard is forced to return home, albeit very unwillingly. In Germany, Richard meets a local woman and decides to stay with her. He casually tosses Lurkalot the crown and says that if he looks like him, he can be him. Lurkalot returns to his home and attempts to rally the people but he is recognised as Lurkalot and is accused of witchcraft following his earlier escape from the castle where he used his flying machine. After being ducked, he is sentenced to death via burning, but is rescued by Robin Hood . They plan an attack on Sir Braggart and are joined by Sir Coward, who is fed up with being bullied and fortified by smoking from a hookah pipe. Meanwhile Richard has had to flee to England following an ignoble episode with his German woman and returns to Lurkalot's village, where he is captured by people thinking he is Lurkalot. Sir Coward feigns severe illness to get him and Lurkalot into the castle, where they are incarcerated. He suffers withdrawal symptoms from the loss of his hookah and Lurkalot offers to make him a remedy based on sulphur and charcoal but spills in saltpeter by accident. He mixes it together, but Sir Coward, who hates taking medicine, throws it in the direction of a fire, where it ignites and blows open the door. Lurkalot calls his new invention "gone powder" and they use it to open the castle gate, where Robin Hood can attack. Meanwhile Sir Braggart duels Lurkalot and reveals that he must be Richard's twin brother. The two battle all over the castle and he is eventually forced to flee in disgrace. Richard then resumes his rule and everything is right in the land. He agrees to marry Lady Lobelia and makes Lurkalot a Knight but in the final scene, Lurkalot gets Lady Lobelia whilst Richard returns to Scheherazade.
14621521	2	Two men come into the jungle intent on wholesale slaughter of animals to get barrels of animal fat, lion skins and tusks. Tarzan tries to help a baby elephant, one of their first victims. He takes the elephant to an animal doctor and his female assistant who have pitched their tents in the jungle to do business. The hunters turn up and pretend they are photographers and have the doctor escort them to where the animals are. They leave the doctor and start killing animals. His assistant finds out they are evil and goes after them but needs Tarzan's help when she stumbles into quicksand. He rescues her, and she says she needs a bath so Tarzan throws her into the river. They reach a tribe who worship animals and who are Tarzan's friends. However, the tribe hear that animals are being slaughtered and decide to kill the doctor and his assistant as he led them there. Tarzan goes after the villains and they end up getting their just deserts. He arrives back in time to save the doc and his assistant from the lions in the pit they have been thrown into.
2547451	2	Ron Decker, a young man convicted for drug possession, is sent to prison where veteran con Earl Copen takes Decker under his wing and introduces him into his own gang. Copen first helps out Decker when three Puerto Ricans attempt to lure him into a cell block to rape him, however Copen sees through their plans and talks to the Pueto Ricans, who quickly abandon interest in Decker. Over the next few days, Copen helps Decker out by getting him better jobs, food, and even transferring him to his own cell block. Mainly however Copen helps Decker's case and points out that under a new article passed by the legislature, a judge can modify a sentence in the first 90 days if he sees fit, so Copen  helps write false reports and gives Decker advice to stay out of trouble, which will make Decker appear as a "very small threat to society". However, after large inmate Buck Rowan attempts to rape Decker in the bathroom, Decker stabs Rowan in a fight involving Copen, paralyzing Rowan. Rowan signs a statement claiming Decker and Copen are responsible and their cells are stripped and they are restricted to them. Because of the stabbing, Decker's attempt at a modified sentence is denied and his sentence remains five years. Meanwhile, Copen manages to get word out Rowan is "snitching", and an inmate working at the infirmary poisons Rowan's IV with cleaning fluid. The case against Copen and Decker is thrown out as the victim and main witness is dead. Shortly after their release, Copen tells Decker he plans to escape, and they plot to hide in a garbage truck and avoid being crushed by the compressor by using a bar to stop it. Decker escapes in one truck, Copen however stays behind, unable to jump into the truck after the appearance of one of the prison guards. Decker manages to flee to Costa Rica and Copen stays behind, after stating "This is my prison, after all" and quoting Satan from Paradise Lost by John Milton: "Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven."
8077258	2	Tough cop Prabha  is haunted by the demons of her past. Being an illegitimate daughter of a prostitute, she has had a very bad childhood and there once occurred an incident in her life when she was driven to the point of committing a murder. But today, now that she is a cop, she believes that she can clear her conscience by reforming a criminal. Prabha’s life is turned topsy-turvy with the entry of Aditya , who is a good person at heart but was forced to take the path of crime due to the wrong doings of the police system. Prabha goes to Aditya’s house to nab him, but gets distracted when she sees him bathing and looks away. Aditya slips from under her vigilant eyes and a hasty chase follows. Prabha stays close on the heels of fleeing Aditya. At one point when she is about to fall off the rooftop, Aditya stops running and extends his hand to save her. This act makes a great impact on Prabha. Prabha decides to know Aditya’s past and find out what prompted him to commit a crime in the first place. She decides to reform him but she gets ‘reformed’ herself and falls in love in the process. Eventually, Prabha and Aditya fall in love. This continues with them being passionate towards each other. Then, problem arises when Aditya escapes from jail and starts killing people again with reasons. Prabha being a good officer kills him when he is about to kill another guy .
13523311	3	Eugenics is to be the scientific credo of the 20th century. The man credited with its invention, Francis Galton, says it is based on the concept that the evolution of man is crippled by the ill-conceived - those unfit to breed. The study of eugenics thus would concern itself with distinguishing the weed from the good flowers. Eugenics offers two approaches: positive eugenics, and negative eugenics. Positive eugenics aims towards creating better humans by careful mating, based on one's genetic makeup. Negative eugenics, on the other hand, seeks to prevent those deemed inferior from reproducing, and thus not impeding man's evolution.  The documentary begins with a clipping of a 1916 American movie that trumpets the creed of eugenics. In The Black Stork, the lead character, physician Dr. Harry Haiselden playing himself, refuses to give a newborn, mildly deformed baby a life-saving operation . 'There are times when saving a life is a greater crime than taking one', he proclaims. It soon transpires that The Black Stork's climactic scene was, far from being merely fiction, actually a re-enactment of one of Dr.Haiselden's real-life cases,SwedenIn The Soviet Union9F01EEDC1E3EF933A25757C0A9679C8B63&pagewantedIn Germany/Nazi-Germany Germany's first institute of race biology, the [[Kaiser Wilhelm Institute|Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Anthropology, Human Heredity and Eugenics], opens in 1927, in Berlin. The Institute's chairman, Eugen Fischer, says its task is to 'investigate the connection between heredity, environment and crossbreeding, and to promote social measures which benefit racially sound individuals'. Though genetics research is gradually beginning to challenge some of the claims made by racial hygiene theories, the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute reduces 'genetics' to just another 'auxiliary science' subordinate to eugenics.
5584803	2	The film focuses on Kay's relationships with her boyfriend Louis, her parents and her emotionally unhealthy sister, Sweetie. Kay is quiet and superstitious, loving Louis because of the words of a fortune teller and experiencing deep foreboding towards a tree he attempted to plant in their yard. Sweetie, from Kay's perspective, is selfish in her severe mental illness. Kay's father chooses to ignore most of the erratic, childish behavior  because he loves her as a little girl. Throughout, there are flashbacks of Sweetie dancing, singing and performing small, circus-like tricks with his assistance; he wants the family to remain close and dislikes when Kay acts enraged with Sweetie. The mother admits he indulges her. Louis, however, has found some freedom from his increasingly disconnected relationship with Kay because Sweetie lives uninhibited, with vigor and emotion . Throughout, Sweetie's physically destructive nature  reflects the inner disruption she has caused her family. After a series of circular fights , she finally overextends the limit, stripping off her clothes, painting her body black and bouncing in her childhood tree house. Though her family begs her to come down, she refuses, continuing teasing, tormenting and shaking the fort until it falls from the tree, injuring her mother and ending her life. The family appears resolved, no longer scattered. They no longer feel manipulated and agitated by her presence. However, the best of Sweetie's personality persists, as Kay and her parents maintain an image of her in her most accurate form, that of a little girl.
215522	2	In a series of thematically-linked vignettes, a couple's attempts at a fulfilling and consummated romantic relationship are continually thwarted by the bourgeois values and sexual mores of Family, Church, and Society. In the course of seeking sexual release and satisfaction, the woman sublimates her sexual passion by fellating the toe of a religious statue. The final vignette is an allusion to the Marquis de Sade's novel 120 Days of Sodom; the intertitle reads: 120 Days of Depraved Acts, about an orgy in a castle, wherein the surviving orgiasts are ready to emerge to the light of mainstream society. From the castle door emerges the bearded and berobed Duc de Blangis  who greatly resembles Jesus, the Christ, who comforts a young woman who has run out from the castle, before he takes her back inside. Afterwards, a woman’s scream is heard, and only the Duc re-emerges; and he is beardless. The concluding image is a crucifix festooned with the scalps of women; to the accompaniment of jovial music, the scalps sway in the wind.
22663672	1	Jack Simmons  is a lazy boy who lives with his widowed mother  who is struggling to support herself and her son since the death of her husband. One day, Mrs. Simmons orders Jack to buy groceries with her last $50 bill she has in her savings, but Jack is distracted by a dirt bike race and uses the $50 to buy a dirt bike from a local bully named Max . When Jack has the bike, he learns it is alive, or possibly occupied by a friendly spirit, and does things to help out Jack. Mrs. Simmons is furious that Jack spent her money on a dirt bike, and promptly confiscates the bike and sells it to a local shop owner Mr. Zak  regaining her $50. However, the bike returns in the middle of the night to visit Jack. Jack tells this to Mr. Zak, who says Jack can work off his debt by having himself and the bike make deliveries for him. Jack also plays on a Little League team sponsored by the Doghouse, a hot dog joint owned by Mike , who was a lifetime friend of Jack's father and is trying to look out for Jack in the wake of his father's death. The Doghouse is experiencing serious financial problems and is being sought to be demolished by the town's banker Mr. Hodgkins  in order to make way for a second Hodgkins Bank. One of his tellers is Mazie Clavell  who is also a coach of the rival Little League team. She later quits when she sees Hodgkins as a ruthless businessman who advocates getting ahead at all costs, and begins dating Mike, whom she sees as an honest business owner who faces adversity squarely. Jack and his friend Pee Wee use the bike to help uncover why Hodgkins is after the Doghouse, especially after hacking into the bank's computer they learn that the Doghouse's land would not make a very good location for Hodgkins' bank and that Mr. Hodgkins' personal account is not as sizable as the community is led to believe. Hodgkins learns of Jack's attempt to save the Doghouse, and enlists the aid of Max  who brings in a biker named Big Slime . When Mr. Hodgkins converses on Jack's house, Mr. Hodgkins calls in Police Chief Salt  of the local force. Chief Salt orders his men to impound the dirt bike as he is overextended on his mortgage at Hodgkins' Bank, and whom Mr. Hodgkins' chooses not to foreclose on Chief Salt in exchange. Mr. Hodgkins states to Jack and his mom that if he wants the dirt bike back, the impoundment fee is $100.000. However, Mazie and Mike come to Jack's aid by paying the impoundment fee for Jack to get his dirt bike back. When the groundbreaking ceremony on the bank's construction is set to begin by having a bulldozer raze the Doghouse, Jack shows up with his Little League team, who disrupts the event by getting into a pie fight with Max, Hodgkins, and Big Slime's bikers. The dirt bike then takes away a shocked Hodgkins' while Jack is driving it. With Hodgkins in tow, Jack says that he is aware of the financial problems of both Hodgkins and Mike, and has an idea where all can benefit. One year later, Hodgkins shows up in a goofy hot dog suit to commemorate the opening of a shopping mall that features a renovated Doghouse and the new Hodgkins Bank, now fully constructed. Pee Wee, once unpopular with girls, is now admired by pretty girls. Jack's mom has found good work, Mike and Mazie are now married and expecting their first baby. Chief Salt now works as a security guard in the bank after having been presumably fired from his job as police chief by the town council for corruption. Big Slime  has dissolved his biker gang and taken a job as a teller in the new Hodgkins Bank. With the community lifted, the dirt bike's magic stops working for Jack, whose mother tells him it may have been magic for Jack only to help him out. Jack gives the bike to another little boy, and it appears the magic returns once again for another child.
2100486	3	Two Hands is set in locations around Sydney, starting in the red light district of Kings Cross. Jimmy, while working at a strip club, is approached by local mob boss Pando who says he has work for him. Pando gives Jimmy $10,000 to deliver to a woman in Bondi, and when she appears not to be home, he goes for a swim on the beach. Unfortunately the $10,000 is stolen by street kids while he is swimming, leaving him heavily indebted to the understandably furious Pando and his gang. The street kids Helen  and Pete , go on a spending spree with their new found wealth. The car Jimmy was using on the job—a Ford Falcon belonging to Pando's associate Acko—is stolen by a young man and taken to a mechanic with the intention to sell the car. The mechanic happens to be a friend of Acko's, who, displeased at the news of his car being stolen, suspects Jimmy's involvement. Acko arrives to recover the car but on the way, speeding there his car hits and kills street kid Pete. Helen watches in disbelief as Acko simply picks the dead boy's body off the street and dumps it in the gutter, concerned more about the damage to his car. He drives off leaving Helen alone, crying by her dead friend. Jimmy comes up with a plan to pay off the debt by robbing a bank the next day in Bankstown, New South Wales along with two others. The night before he arranges to meet new friend and love interest Alex  at a pub. Unfortunately the meeting's arrangements are heard by Les, a friend jealous of Alex's attraction to Jimmy and keen to get in with Pando's gang. After informing the gang of the couple's whereabouts, Jimmy is forced to flee the pub with Alex, attempting to escape on the Sydney Monorail, however the escape proves unsuccessful and Jimmy is taken to a remote location where the gang plan to kill him. Through the indirect intervention of Jimmy's dead brother , Jimmy is able to escape alive, and make his way back home to prepare for the bank robbery. The robbery is not without its problems, as the getaway driver is killed by the police but is on the whole successful. Jimmy gets the money he needs, escaping in a stolen Toyota Celica with his remaining accomplice. Ironically, the stolen auto's radio station bumper sticker is spotted by that station's competition team, who give chase attempting to award Jimmy a $10,000 prize. In anger, and not wanting to be identified after the robbery, Jimmy rams them off the road. Jimmy returns to Pando's office to pay off his debt, but thinking he has a gun the gang once again attempt to kill him. Luckily he is able to give them the money before he is killed, and is now offered more work by Pando for his impressive performance escaping the gang on their first attempt to kill him. Jimmy leaves in disgust after pulling a gun on Pando. As Jimmy leaves, Helen one of the street kids passes Jimmy, and in retaliation for the death of her friend she shoots Pando and all his mates dead. The movie ends with Jimmy and Alex buying tickets at an airport to a location 'up north', away from the pressures of life in Sydney.  The Australian DVD released film ends as described above and does not feature any other type of ending as an extra or outtake on the DVD. However the televised version of the film featured a longer ending. Immediately after the scene with Jimmy and Alex purchasing their air tickets, is a scene where Jimmy’s brother Michael delivers a brief monologue completing the karmic message of the film. A beam of light shines down from the heavens and Michael attempts to run to the light, however he is grabbed by a series of hands which erupt from the ground and pull him back down into the earth that he escaped from in the opening introduction scene of the film.
2014023	3	Daughters of the Dust is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family, Gullah who live at Ibo Landing on St. Helena Island, South Carolina.
8905485	2	The movie tells the story of Phillip Dimitrius , a middle-aged New York City architect who is going through a difficult mid-life crisis. After learning that his wife Antonia has been having an affair, Dimitrius leaves New York City and moves to a Greek island with his teenage daughter, Miranda . In Athens he meets Aretha Tomalin , a singer, and they become lovers. Mysteriously, he takes a vow of celibacy after they move to the island. Living on the island is Kalibanos, an eccentric hermit , who previously was its only resident. Phillip Dimitrius finally seems happy, until one day a twist of fate brings his wife, her new lover Alonzo , and Alonzo's son to the island due to a shipwreck.
30862978	2	This movie is about an army officer named Suraj Dutt  who is the son of Yashpal Dutt . Suraj goes to meet his sister Mini in at a women's college before he falls in love with Alka . They get married soon but Suraj is called for a year long mission. While he is away a message arrives that Suraj has been killed. Minni, Alka & Yashpal each learn about this but don't tell each other as they feel the person will die upon hearing this . Meanwhile, Minni is about to wed Vijay, akish man  but on the day of her wedding, she is kidnapped. The movie ends, surprising the audience with the reappearance of Suraj,  who comes and saves Mini, and everybody is reunited. Akshaye's acting is appreciated by all in this movie.
5178996	2	A police officer, DSP Shamsher Singh  captures the notorious bandit Mangal Singh  just as Mangal's wife is about to give birth. She dies at childbirth, but not before extracting from the DSP his promise to take care of her son. Subsequently, DSP Singh raises the boy alongside his own. Though ironically, DSP Singh's natural son Kishen  has a wicked streak, while Mangal's son, Amit , is endowed with an honest nature. Released after 14 years in jail, Mangal finds out that his son is with his old enemy. He mistakes Kishen to be his son and instigates him to fight against Shamsher's family. They join the underworld gang and spread havoc. Amit becomes an honest police officer and is assigned the task of nabbing the gang. After a misunderstanding, Kishen comes to believe he is actually Mangal's son and falls under the bandit's influence, though he continues to live in the inspector's home. .Parvarish 1977 synopsis
2687986	2	Little Fish is about Tracy Heart , a former heroin addict who is desperately trying to escape her past and achieve her goals and dreams. Tracy lives with her mother  and brother in "little Saigon" area  in Sydney, Australia, where heroin is readily available. She is in need of money to become a partner in the video store that she works in, but her loan applications are repeatedly rejected by finance providers, as a result of her past criminal record, poor repayments of credit card debt, history of drug use and lack of collateral. Tracy lies to both her mother and her boss at the video store, pretending she has gotten the loan. This is one of the recurring themes of the movie, the casual ways people lie to each other for convenience. Tracy is trying to help her drug addicted stepfather and former AFL star Lionel  to kick his heroin addiction. After a four year absence in Vancouver, her former boyfriend Jonny Nguyen , also a former heroin addict, has come back into her life. Jonny, who now dresses in business suits, claims to have employment as a stockbroker at a large firm and suggests he may be able to obtain the money Tracy desires through share trading. The romance between Tracy and Jonny is rekindled. Upon visiting Jonny's alleged workplace, Tracy discovers Jonny has lied to her and is not in fact employed as a stockbroker. Jonny has become involved in a drug deal with her brother Ray and Tracy also chooses to become involved in the deal as she sees this as the only means of providing the finance she needs to become a partner in the video store. Tracy, Ray and Jonny set out to execute the deal, which ends in tragedy. Tracy's courage and deep love for those she cares about are notable in the climactic scenes of the film.
28301986	2	An old friend of the boys returns to town and tells them stories of getting rich out west. He proceeds to sell them a uranium mine and they head west. When they arrive, local thugs try to chase them off. When they find out the boys own a mine they decide to let them stay in town with the plans to follow them and take the mine from them. Eventually the boys defeat the thugs and find the uranium, only to discover that it is on an Indian reservation and doesn't belong to them.
27134958	3	Charles Gravytrain  is a policeman in the community of Gypsy Creek, a present-day community whose appearance resembles the 1970s.
6838440	3	Admiral McKee  is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee's wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Following a meeting with Sol Binder, Mckee recruits him into the Office of Homeland Security. After which Binder comes up with a plan for the new agency, all law enforcement agencies within the United States will have to put their rivalry aside and funnel all intelligence into the Office of Homeland Security. We first meet Agent Binder at the beginning of the film prior to the events of 9/11, where he is meeting with a group of NSA Agents with intelligence on a planned terrorist attack that is to take place in the United States where the number Nine and Eleven keep popping up, it is not until the day of the attacks that Binder was able to piece it together. It is Binder's belief that had there been a co-operative organisation such as the Office of Homeland Security the attacks could have been averted While the main concern of the film is the establishment of the Office of Homeland Security, which following Congress' approval would become the Department of Homeland Security, there are a number of subplots involved in the film. Such sub plots are, The invasion of Afghanistan, use of precision-guided air strikes with weapons such as GPS-guided JDAMs, the pursuit of Osama Bin Laden and the destruction of Al'Qaeda training camps in the middle east, as well as in the beginning of the film Admiral Mckees' Daughter, Melissa, is due to leave New Jersey for San Francisco on September 11, 2001, she was due to board United Airlines Flight 93, following hearing an announcement on the news that United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked and has gone down over Pennsylvania, the Admiral and his wife were distraught, shortly thereafter she contacted her parents and was upset and told them she was late and fortunately had missed her flight. That is not all Melissa saw that day. After the Pentagon was attacked, military command had received the executive order to investigate various aircraft that were off course, including Melissa's later flight, and to shoot down any that failed to comply with visual command. In a fictional engagement, three military jets engage the airliner, setting off the near collision alarm, one positioning itself in front of the airliner, another to the left. The nervous jet pilot behind the airliner nearly shoots it down before the airliner pilots comply with visual command and respond. The jet pilot is ordered to stand down, take a deep breath, and escort the airliner to O'Hare Airport in Chicago, where Melissa first vigorously demands to know if they had almost been shot down. From a pay phone, Melissa called her parents and her boyfriend. Melissa demands from her mother, "Who is doing this to us?"
16764074	2	Reggie O’Brien  is a cab driver with an opinion on everything. When he is not taxiing his usual fares, Reggie can be found enjoying a game of bowling in the morning league, breaking for a cup of coffee with his cab-cleaning pal Mugford , arguing with his ex-wife Nola O’Brien , filling in his co-worker and former Pentecostal minister Pastor Bob  on the ways of secular world, hanging with his buddy Bounty “The Dog” Hunter , arguing with cab company owner Raoul Cassivi , or clashing with the authority of Kingston’s taxi commissioner, Bruno DeLuca . When a film crew spends a day with Reggie, documenting a day in the life of a cab driver, his world seems to fall apart. When he gets word that Pat James , the owner of his favourite radio station and Kingston’s only country music station, is going to flip to an “all women, all talk” format, Reggie pulls no stops to keep country music on Kingston’s airwaves. And just when he thinks he has a stake in the grand prize of the “Drink to the Bottom and Win” contest at the local coffee shop, he learns the true meaning of friendship. To keep his cab on the road, and his dream alive, Reggie has to overcome adversity, friendship, and himself.
27556929	3	Aboard the cargo ship McRuby, docked in New York, six stowaways burst from one of the containers being unloaded. They flee from the ship, but are apprehended by dock workers and the New York police. The McRuby's Ukrainian crew watches the detention with some amusement, but the ship's captain and his first mate, Ion Plesin, are displeased, aware that the illegal immigrants will cost the shipping company hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. In response, company representative Andreas Vlachos arrives to oversee future operations and warn that the crew will be liable for any more such fines. Later, the McRuby is docked in Ghana, where dock worker Kingsley Ofosu plans to some day stow away aboard a cargo ship to pursue a better life for himself and his pregnant wife in the United States. Upon winning a lottery, he decides that the time is right, as he can use the money to get on his feet upon his arrival. Ofosu, his brother and six other men slip aboard the McRuby and hide in its cargo holds. With the ship behind schedule, Plesin has only one hour to conduct a stowaway search prior to departure. The hasty endeavor fails to turn up Ofosu's group and the ship sails, bound for France, prior to sailing on to New York. Ofosu's group encounters another stowaway, who had boarded the ship in Cameroon. The men jovially discuss the vocations they intend to pursue in the United States. Later, their water container breaks, forcing them to leave the cargo area to forage for food and water. They leave evidence of the presence, which is then discovered by the crew. To prevent Vlachos from learning that the stowaway search had been incomplete, the captain has Plesin assemble a small team to conduct a secret perquisition. The stowaways are found and Plesin discusses the predicament with the captain. Given the illegal immigrant fines, they cannot bring the stowaways into port. However, they also cannot alter course to drop the men off somewhere, as Vlachos would then find out about them. The Africans are taken to be hidden within the ship's anchor hold. When they object, they find Plesin unsympathetic to their desire to escape poverty. He points out that if the stowaways' presence becomes known, he and his men will be fired, and any other jobs they can find in Ukraine will pay even less than the meager wages earned by Ofosu on the docks in Ghana. The stowaways are forced into the hold and initially left without food or water. Yuri, one of Plesin's men, takes pity and secretly delivers them a little water, but he is powerless to do more. As the stowaways suffer, Ofosu laments that he has led the group to their deaths. The captain finally acquiesces to Plesin's plan to kill the stowaways. The men are taken from the hold in small groups. As each group is brought into another area, they are ambushed and their bodies thrown overboard. Yuri tries to stop the massacre, but the others overpower and subdue him. Ofosu and his brother are the last two brought out, but they surmise what is about to occur and make a run for it, heading in different directions. As they do, Ofosu's brother is shot and, with his injury, is soon caught and thrown overboard as Ofosu watches. Ofosu flees back below decks to hide and is able to elude further searches for him. While in the cargo hold, Ofosu stashes a picture of himself and his wife inside one of the cocoa sacks. Plesin's men are concerned about their inability to locate their final stowaway, but they reason that all Western countries despise black immigrants and thus no one will be motivated to take action against them. They also expect to be able to secure him upon reaching port when he tries to exit the ship. However, once the ship docks, Ofosu is able to escape to shore and make it to the police before Plesin's men can catch him. The next day, French authorities board the McRuby to investigate Ofosu's story. Plesin first denies that there had been any stowaway, but the ship's cocoa sacks are searched, yielding Ofosu's picture. Plesin's final play is to acknowledge the killings but to suggest that he and his men had done France a favor by preventing undesirable blacks from entering the country illegally. The police are unimpressed by this rationale and immediately arrest Plesin and his men, along with the captain. The film ends with Ofosu on the phone with his wife, hearing the cries of his newborn son, whom he pledges to name after his brother. An epilogue notes that the captain and first mate were convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. Three other crew members were also convicted and received 20-year sentences, while one crew member was acquitted. Kingsley Ofosu was living in France and hoping to have his wife and child join him.
2530065	1	The first scenes introduce the protagonist, Nishi, who is a 20-year-old loser dreaming of becoming a comic book artist. One late evening he runs into a girl Myon on the subway. He has had a crush on her since childhood, but his lack of self confidence and his insecurities had stopped him from seriously pursuing her, and they had drifted apart for years. It transpires that Myon too has not achieved her aspirations, as she was a swimming champion during high school, but gave up when her breasts became too big. Nishi now finally declares he has always loved her, but she tells him she is due to marry someone else. They then go to her parents' yakitori restaurant, to see Myon's father and her strikingly different older sister Yan  and to talk about old times. There Nishi also meets Myon's handsomely brawny fiancee, Ryo, who makes a living as a trucker. Observing their interactions while dining, Nishi is forced to admit that Ryo may very well be both a much better man and a much better match for Myon than himself. Two yakuza gangsters then enter the restaurant to collect money that Myon's father owes them. He has had debts with the yakuza and left his family dealing with the problems he created, spending his time away from home, having fun with young women and gambling. It is because of his reckless and selfish behavior that his entire family is now placed in danger. Regardless of all that, he does not dare to reveal himself when the gangsters arrive or when the situation worsens. The first yakuza, called Atsu, is an arrogant soccer player, who wears the number 10 soccer shirt and has even played for the Japanese national soccer team, who has an anger management problem. The second, senior, yakuza's name is never revealed . It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the senior yakuza is actually both the first boyfriend - and current lover - of the girls' estranged mother, from whom she was seduced by her husband at a disco during their youth in the 1970s, and with whom she later had an extramarital affair  when they met again when he first came to collect her husband's debts, before ultimately abandoning her family. Neither of the girls nor their father is aware of this, however, and it is never mentioned either by the senior yakuza. It is later shown that his lover, the girls' mother, is waiting at a train station, implying that she plans to go far away somewhere and start a new life for herself. In the first timeline of the movie, he decides not to join her, but in the second timeline created by a change of events at the end of the movie, it is shown that he decides to go be with her after all. Atsu soon recognizes the father, cowering in the corner, as the man who seduced and stole his girlfriend from him. He becomes enraged and goes berzerk. While the father cowers around the corner, Ryo steps in and tries to punch Atsu, but his attack is easily avoided and instead he gets knocked out by Atsu. When Ryo falls, it is revealed that he wears a toupee. Atsu then lecherously eyes Myon, and proceeds to begin to rape her. Nishi meanwhile is rolled in a ball, terrified. Myon calls his name, but then Atsu turns on him and places his pistol against Nishi's anus. the gun goes off when Nishi suddenly moves, thus killing him instantly. The senior Yakuza, offended by Atsu's lack of control, shoots him dead, and then nonchalantly orders dinner. Meanwhile, Nishi has gone to heaven. There he encounters a being watching television but whose physical character changes every fraction of a second - God. God reveals to Nishi that there is really no paradise in the afterlife and that because he is now dead, his soul is now destined to spend the rest of eternity in the void of oblivion. Nishi has a nervous breakdown and laments his existence to God, blaming him for giving him a loser's life. Telling Nishi to just resign himself to his inevitable fate, God then turns his back on him and begins grooming himself, as he is scheduled to go on a date for which he is already running late. Nishi refuses to accept that his time is now up forever and tries to flee by running back to Earth while God's back is turned. God chases him in the form of a huge leopard, but becomes impressed by Nishi's sheer will to live, and so lets him escape with a warning that this is his one and only second chance. This exit sends Nishi and his body back in time to just before the moment when Atsu pulled the trigger. This time around, Nishi resolves to live life more fully. He clenches his buttocks, seizes Atsu's gun, and turns the tables by reflexively shooting him instead. He, Yan and Myon all pile into the yakuza's car, leaving the father of Myon and Yan to deal with his debts to the yakuza himself. Myon thinks they should go to the police, but Nishi declines, preferring to be on the run. There then begins a high speed chase, followed by the massed yakuzas, who are controlled by the stereotypical Japanese Yakuza boss, a large man wearing several rings and gold necklaces, stroking a little pet in a huge business office. He has his men cut the trio off and force them on to a bridge. Nishi refuses to be taken alive. He steers the car in a death plunge off the bridge - but they are then swallowed up by an enormous whale. Inside the whale, they meet a strange old man who has been trapped in the whale for decades. He takes them into the elaborate suspended house he has constructed over the 'sea' inside the whale's belly, and teaches them about how to live inside the wall, what recreations are possible, introduces them to his Plesiosaurs sea friends, etc. He also recounts his history as a drug courier; while still a young yakuza, he hid a package of drugs in a child's toy and stored it with his son's toys, but when he retrieved it for the sale, he grabbed the wrong container, which eventually led to him fleeing with a ship and getting captured by the whale. It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the old man is actually the long-lost father of the senior Yakuza shown earlier, as shown by the identical flashbacks the two have of their tragic past. None of the characters have any awareness of this fact nor learn about it through the course of the movie, and it is not shown in any of the possible futures toward the end of the movie if the old man ever reunited with his son, even after getting out of the whale. During the symbolic and metaphorical time inside the cetacean , they experience personal development and growth and have to face their problems and insecurities. Nishi learns the craft of writing and drawing humorous manga, he and Myon finally become sexually intimate, and the whole group experiment in art, particularly dance and painting, by doing performance, etc. In the whale, Yan for example, learns that being the older sister, she had always felt compelled to be the one to take responsibility in the family and to look after Myon, but really she was the one who wanted to be helped in the first place. The four castaways are eventually forced to escape from the whale, who is slowly dying after being fatally wounded by whalers. Their flight is followed by a lengthy montage, similar to that of the opening credits, showing some of the many possible futures for each of the four characters. The film returns to its very first scene, with Myon running from the Yakuza, only this time she does not get her leg caught in the door of the train, suggesting yet another possible series of events through the creation of a second timeline with a new future for all the characters. The movie ends ambiguously, with the phrase "This Story Has Never Ended" appearing before the credits roll.
3403010	2	Berlian and her teenage daughter Daya are on the run from political violence. Constantly daydreaming that her absent father will return, young Daya chafes under the stern hand of her mother. Forced to move inland from their seaside home to a desert of constantly shifting sands, the pair settle down to their familiar antagonism. Finally, Daya sees a vaguely familiar face shuffle in from across the wasteland.
10543866	3	In the Shadow of the Moon follows the manned missions to the Moon made by the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The documentary reviews both the footage and media available to the public at the time of the missions, as well as NASA films and materials which had not been opened in over 30 years. All of this has been sourced and remastered in HD by the stock footage company Footagevault. Augmenting the archival audio and video are contemporary interviews with some surviving Apollo era astronauts, including Al Bean, Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, John Young, David Scott, Charlie Duke, Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt. The former astronauts have the only speaking roles in the movie, although occasional supplementary information is presented on screen with text and archival television footage presents the words of journalists such as Jules Bergman and Walter Cronkite. Neil Armstrong, the first person to set foot on the Moon, declined to participate, the only surviving moon walker at the time to do so. The documentary shares its name with a book by space historians Colin Burgess and Francis French, and both include many original interviews with Apollo lunar astronauts. The documentary offers a view of the Apollo program that is complementary to the book and is neither a source nor a tie-in.
33577424	1	The OSS now has a full child spy section and Carmen Cortez and Juni Cortez have become agents of the OSS and face particularly hard competition with Gary and Gerti Giggles , the children of double-dealing agent Donnagon Giggles , whom Carmen and Juni helped to rescue in the previous film. It is shown that Carmen defends Gary and has a crush on him. After an incident at a local amusement park, where the President's daughter  deliberately sabotages a thrill ride which juggles its passengers, forcing the Giggles and the Cortez kids to compete in the rescue, Donnagon&nbsp;— who has somehow hacked into the teleprompter which the President was reading from&nbsp;— is named the director of the OSS; while Juni is fired after being framed by Gary&nbsp;— who was actually to blame&nbsp;— into losing the "Transmooker", a highly coveted device which can shut off all electronic devices. In his new position as director, Donnagon can carry on with his plan to steal the Transmooker, so he can rule the world. After Carmen manages to hack into the database and reinstates Juni's level as an agent, she and Juni follow the trail to a mysterious island near Madagascar, which is home to Romero , a lunatic scientist. Romero has been attempting to create genetically-miniaturized animals, so he can make a profit by selling the animals to kids in "miniature zoos". He had an experiment go wrong after accidentally pouring growth concoction onto the mutated set of animals. When Carmen is captured by a Spork, which is quite literally a flying pig, she meets Gerti there who tells her that Gary is really evil and Carmen changes her feelings for Gary and sides with Juni who was going to be hurt by Gary. After a number of action sequences, such as fighting skeletons and being captured by Sporks, the spy kids&nbsp;— along with the help of their family, Romero and Gerti Giggles&nbsp;— destroy the Transmooker and defeat Donnagon and Gary but Gregorio and Donnagon fight each other. Donnagon is relieved by the President and Gary is disavowed, while Juni quits due to the impersonal treatment of agents by the OSS. During the credits, Machete has Carmen sing as an undercover pop star in a concert. Carmen says she can't sing so Machete gives her a mic which auto-tunes her voice and a belt that helps her dance. He also gives Juni a guitar that plays itself. After the performance, Machete informs Carmen that he had not put the batteries in and Carmen was actually singing.
975403	2	The first part is a bitter, tragicomic story of Dzidziuś, a street-wise bon-vivant, drunkard, and coward who unwillingly becomes a soldier in the Home Army during the Warsaw Uprising. Dzidziuś wife Zosia is having an affair with a Hungarian officer stationed nearby, and Dzidziuś is ordered to contact the Hungarian unit and convince the officer to join the battle against the Nazis.  The second novel is set in a POW camp for Polish soldiers. Lt. Zawistowski, one of the interned soldiers, decides to make an attempt to escape from the camp. While none of his fellow inmates are sure whether he succeeded, his absence upsets the guards and provides hope and inspiration for the rest of prisoners. Soon his legend grows, making him a hero within the camp and helping to boost the prisoners' morale. However, it turns out that Lt. Zawistowski didn't actually follow through on his escape plans, but is hiding in the attic of one of the barracks. It turns out that he was hiding from his colleagues, whose ostentatious patriotism he simply could not stand.
279813	2	Criminal Herbert I. "Hi" McDunnough  and policewoman Edwina "Ed"  meet after she takes the mugshots of the recidivist. With continued visits, Hi learns that Ed's fiancé has left her. Hi proposes to her after his latest release from prison, and the two get married. They move into a desert mobile home, and Hi gets a job in a machine shop. They want to have children, but Ed discovers that she is infertile. Due to Hi's criminal record, they cannot adopt a child. The couple learns of the "Arizona Quints," sons of locally famous furniture magnate Nathan Arizona ; Hi and Ed kidnap one of the five babies, whom they believe to be Nathan Junior. Hi and Ed return home and are soon visited by Hi's prison buddies, Gale and Evelle Snoats (John Goodman and [[William Forsythe , who have just escaped from prison. Under the brothers' influence, Hi is tempted to return to his felonious ways. Their problems get worse when Hi's supervisor, Glen , proposes wife swapping and Hi assaults him. That night, Hi decides to steal a package of diapers for the baby and flees on foot from the convenience store chased by police, gun-toting store cashiers, and a pack of dogs. Ed eventually picks him up, leading to a tense ride home. At the McDunnough residence the next day, Glen approaches Hi to fire him and reveal that he has deduced Junior's identity and blackmails Hi, threatening to turn him over to the police unless he and Dot get custody of Junior. Gale and Evelle overhear this conversation and turn on Hi, tying him up and taking Junior for themselves. Gale and Evelle leave with plans to rob a "hayseed" bank with Junior in tow. When Ed comes home, she frees Hi and the two arm themselves and set out to retrieve their child together. En route, Ed suggests that they should end their marriage after recovering the boy. Nathan Arizona Sr. is approached by the bounty hunter Leonard Smalls  who offers to find the child. Nathan Sr. declines the offer, believing that Smalls is his son's kidnapper. Smalls decides to recover the child anyway to sell on the black market. He begins tracking Gale and Evelle and learns of their bank robbery plans. Gale and Evelle rob the bank but forget to take Junior in the car on their getaway. One of the bank's anti-theft dye canisters explodes in their loot sack, disabling the car and incapacitating them. At the bank, Smalls arrives for Junior just ahead of Ed and Hi. Ed grabs the baby and flees; Hi is able to fend Smalls off for a while, but soon finds himself at Smalls' mercy. As Smalls throws Hi to the ground and prepares to kill him, Hi holds up his hand to reveal that he has pulled the pin from one of the hand grenades on Smalls' vest. Smalls struggles, but is blown to pieces by the grenade. Hi and Ed sneak Junior back into the Arizona home and are confronted by Nathan Sr. After Nathan Sr. learns why they took his son, he understands the couple's predicament and counsels the young couple. When Hi and Ed say that they are breaking up, he advises them to sleep on it. Hi and Ed go to sleep in the same bed, and Hi has a dream about Gale and Evelle reforming after returning to prison; Glen gets his due from a Polish-American police officer after "telling one Polack joke too many"; and Nathan Jr. gets a football for Christmas from "a kindly couple who wish to remain anonymous," later becoming a football star. The dream ends with an elderly couple together enjoying a holiday visit from a large family of children and grandchildren.
2478590	3	It is September 1971 and it is clear that the Vietnam War is lost. In the opinion of the average American soldier who came of age during the Peace movement of the 1960s, Vietnam was lost a long time ago. Roland Bozz , a draftee who is opposed to the war, is shown to be an unruly soldier with no respect for authority; he disobeys orders and talks back to his superiors. He quickly befriends another recruit, Jim Paxton , an aspiring writer who records his experiences in a personal journal. Unlike Bozz, Paxton volunteered for the Army. Upon reaching their post the company CO, Captain Saunders makes it clear that every soldier who passes through Fort Polk and Tigerland will be sent to Vietnam. He also states that any political views on the war are irrelevant at this point. As the film progresses, another side of Bozz is shown. Having "x-ray vision for loopholes," Bozz finds ways for soldiers to get out of the army, one because he has not only his children, but a handicapped wife with her own, and later another soldier, Miter , who joined to prove his manhood but finds himself way over his head. At one point, another soldier approaches Bozz while on leave and asks for help getting out, saying "I was told if you don't wanna go to 'Nam, you either pray to Jesus, or go see Roland Bozz." Bozz also shows his reasoning behind being opposed to the war: his human compassion. Eventually Bozz's natural leadership and ability earns him the title of squad leader . Another private named Wilson , a racial bigot and instigator, continuously demeans Miter and Bozz . Bozz is the only one that retaliates, which results in a fight between the two. Paxton helps break up the fight and also earns the hatred of Wilson. Later, while doing live fire exercises, Wilson goes after Bozz with a pistol, telling him he's going to kill him. Bozz tries to take away the gun and the two wrestle each other to the ground, Wilson getting the upper hand and putting the gun to the back of Bozz's head and pulling the trigger. Miraculously, the gun misfires, saving Bozz's life. The Commanding Officer lets Bozz choose the punishment: have Wilson court-martialed or "let me deal with him," strongly suggesting the latter. Despite the commanding officer strongly pressing to let him deal with it, Bozz says he wants Wilson "out of the army" because he recognizes Wilson has taken an emotional beating ever since his inability to command became obvious. Bozz leaves the office saying he wants Wilson out. The platoon is sent to "Tigerland" - a forested training area designed as the best possible replica of Vietnam. During an exercise, Bozz' squad acts as villagers in a mock Vietnamese village, with one squad member designated as a "VC sympathizer", and competes with another squad charged with rooting the sympathizer out. This other squad is led by Wilson, who was not kicked out of the army after all. As the exercise ends with Bozz's squad "winning," Wilson tells Bozz he will kill him no matter what it takes. Soon thereafter, Bozz is about ready to make an escape to Mexico with the aid of some civilians he paid. Platoon member Johnson  sees him and tells him to stop; Johnson tells him if he runs away, Wilson will go after Paxton instead of Bozz and he will be responsible for his friend's death. The scene ends with Bozz apparently climbing into the van, but the next morning as the platoon falls in, Bozz comes back, acting as if he had merely gone off to urinate. During the last training exercise, Bozz's squad and Wilson's squad are pitted against each other on patrolling missions. As Wilson's squad prepares for an attack, he replaces his blank cartridges with live ammunition and removes his blank-firing adaptor. As Bozz's squad nears, he opens fire. Though he does not hit anyone, it is obvious he is using live ammunition and the trainer for the exercise tries to intervene. As he does, Bozz is standing above Paxton and deliberately fires a blank round with his rifle muzzle near Paxton's face, the flash wounding Paxton's eye. The trainer aims a pistol at Wilson's head to get him to hold his weapon up and surrender, telling him he will be court-martialed. At the end of the film, the entire platoon gets ready to head to Vietnam, except Paxton whose eye injury, though not permanent, has earned him a medical discharge. Bozz and the others board a bus and he and Paxton exchange farewells through a window. Paxton tells Bozz he's going to write about him, but Bozz says he won't. He has stolen Paxton's journal and rips out pages as the platoon's bus drives off, leaving Paxton scrambling to recover them. Bozz tosses the journal as the bus speeds away. Paxton then is told that Bozz died in Vietnam but he was never listed, others said he just disappeared, but another soldier called Paxton and said that he thinks he saw Bozz 3 years ago in Mexico with a beautiful woman.
14339464	1	Luke and Lucy find out that a masked villain called JP has kidnapped and shrunk all the Texas Rangers. They leave for Dark City, Texas with their friends and settle in the Texas Rangers' HQ. It quickly becomes clear that they are not welcome. JP terrorizes the city and has spies everywhere. The saloon dancer Miss Missy decides to join Luke and Lucy in their fight against JP, but Aunt Sybil doesn't trust her and suspects that she is secretly in cahoots with JP. Is she jealous of Ambrose  and Wilbur's  interest in Miss Missy? Luke and Lucy don't trust the Sheriff or the grocer, Theodore, who acts suspiciously. After a confrontation with JP, Luke and Lucy realize that the Sheriff's cast is fake, and they discover that a closet in Miss Missy's hotel room is filled with weapons. Who is the real culprit?
11853416	1	Phineas T. Prune is an old miser who holds the deed to the North Pole. It seems that Santa Claus is behind in paying his rent. Prune plans to have Santa, Mrs. Claus and the elves evicted and keep the Christmas toys. Santa asks Sam Whipple for help. Can Whipple and the children around the world help Santa and prevent Christmas from being cancelled?
2125458	2	Juan Gallardo , a village boy born into poverty, grows up to become one of the greatest matadors in Spain. He marries a friend from his childhood, the beautiful and virtuous Carmen , but after he achieves fame and fortune he finds himself drawn to Doña Sol , a wealthy, seductive widow. They embark on a torrid affair with rather sadomasochistic overtones, but Juan, feeling guilty over his betrayal of Carmen, tries to free himself of Doña Sol. Furious at being rejected, she exposes their affair to Carmen and Juan's mother, seemingly destroying his marriage. Growing more and more miserable and dissipated, Juan becomes reckless in the arena. He is eventually killed in a bullfight but does manage to reconcile with Carmen moments before he dies. There is also a subplot involving a local outlaw whose career is paralleled to Juan's throughout the film by the village philosopher: Juan's fatal injury in the bullring comes moments after the outlaw is shot by the police.
23740170	2	Sam Alexander , a fun loving automobile workshop cum garage owner is more keen in scripting and directing plays than running his business. A theater addict, Sam, along with his friends, Pappu Mesthiri , Mammoonju , and Preman , is now working on Shakuntahlam, the famous play by Kalidas. Gracy Kutty , his mother is too worried with his easy going and careless attitude towards life. With one day, the main actress ([[Kalpana  who was supposed to play the role of Shakunthala eloping with Krishnan Kutty , a fellow artist, Sam is busy searching for a new face to enact Shakunthala. Accidentally, one day, he meets up with Sridevi Menon ([[Kanchan , with whom he fell in love with. He attempts all methods to woo her and finally she falls in. Sam casts her as Sahkunthala in his drama and she unwillingly agrees for it without the knowledge of her parents. Sreedevi, daughter of Meledath Vishwanatha Menon, of the rich businessman in the city, thus acts in the drama, but on way back home, both Sam and Sreedevi are caught red handed by Vishnu Menon ([[Devan , her brother. Ravindran Nair ([[Vijayakumar , the I.G.of police, and friend of Menon had plans of getting his son Rajkumar  married to Sreedevi, so that he could own up a huge part of the business empire. With the help of Ravindran Nair, Sam is beaten up by police. Once out of jail, both Sam and Sreedevi elopes away and spend a few days away from the worries. In mean time, the duo are again caught by Menon. Sam is arrested for kidnapping Sreedevi and is jailed. At jail, he comes to know that Sreedevi is pregnant with his kid, but has no way to save the kid. Upon knowing that Sreedevi is pregnant, she is transferred to a distant place. Once, she gives birth to a baby boy, the attitude of Menon and Vishnu changes and they started looking upon him as their heir. But, sensing danger, Ravindran Nair sends Rajkumar to kidnap and kill the kid. Vishnu realizes the plan of Rajkumar and tries to save his sister and kid. In meantime, Sam escapes from jail and reaches out the house where Sreedevi stays. She attempts to commit suicide in bid to escape from Kumar, but is saved miraculously by Sam, who makes a dramatic entry. He defeats Kumar and saves the kid. Menon and Vishnu happily get both united.
27475672	2	Manaf Hussain Kalabhavan Mani is a painter cum dramatist. Ramu  is his assistant. Madhuri  is a Bollywood star who has found inspiration in their play and has agreed to be a part of it. The story that Manaf decides to adapt for the stage is that of Yayathi's, the celebrated king of the Lunar dynasty who falls in love with both Devayani and Sharmishta. The movie talks about the relevance of the story and how it could serve as a metaphor for the modern times.
14737193	2	Shemp is suffering from an enlarged vein in his leg, and fears that it will lead to amputation. His doctor , however, advises that a few weeks in the old west will cure him. Upon arrival in a somewhat lawless town, the boys befriend the ruthless Doc Barker ([[Norman Willis . Barker listens to Shemp's story about his bad leg, mistaking "the biggest vein you ever saw" for a gold-bearing vein worth millions. The Stooges take a liking to Barker, but are later informed by the beautiful Nell  that he is an outlaw who is holding the Arizona Kid  hostage in the basement of the saloon. Thr boys hatch a plan to obtain the prison cell keys from Barker's coat. Shemp joins the outlaw in a game of Poker, while Moe and Larry prepare beverages for the card players. The two find every possible deadly chemical they can to add to their volatile drink, from Old Homicide to paint . They also prepare a Sarsaparilla for Shemp to make sure their pal does not indulge in the suicidal drink. Barker downs the concoction, and screams for water. Shemp grabs a nearby fire hose and sprays the entire gang, soaking them. Moe and Larry quickly grab Barker's coat  and get the cell keys to Nell, who frees the Arizona Kid. When Barker sees what has happened, he throws Larry in the cell with plans to kill him at sunrise. Seeing how desperate the situation has become, the Arizona Kid goes to retrieve the United States Cavalry while Moe and Shemp attempt to free Larry using every tool they can find. Eventually, they spring Larry and defeat Barker and his gang.
27213163	3	Mausam is the story of two lovers, Harinder Singh, known as Harry  and Aayat . Harry is a Punjabi happy-go-lucky, whereas Aayat is a Kashmiri girl. In 1992, the two meet and fall in love at Mallukot, Punjab, where Harry's family is from. But before they get to spend some time together, Aayat leaves for Mumbai with her uncle and aunt; and Harry joins the Indian Air Force. In 1999, Harry, now a Squadron Leader meets Aayat in Scotland, where they get closer once again. However, before their marriage, the Kargil occupation happens in Kashmir, and Harry is called back to India to fight in the war, fate separating them once more. After this separation, they begin to long for each other. Harry paralyzes his left arm during a special mission in the Tiger Hill. They both want to speak to each other but fate always brings them closer and then separates them again. At the end, in Ahmedabad during Post-Godhra riots, they finally find each other and decide to settle down with an orphan child rescued by Harry from the riot, with a child of their own on the way.
27581436	2	A businessman is supposedly killed in an airline crash. His wife has her doubts and travels the world searching for him. It slowly unravels that he faked his own death and was an international smuggler.
14440848	1	An archaeological party explore some caverns underground. Dr. Campbell and Dr. Hughes are the two leaders of the archaeological expedition, and get separated. While Dr. Hughes finds an alien corpse with a fossilized diamond, Dr. Campbell finds hieroglyphics at the cost of the party except for Hughes and himself. Two years later, Campbell and his assistant Holly are digging up the bones of Yonggary, a gargantuan dinosaur 50 times the size of a tyrannosaurus rex. Out of nowhere, people slowly are being killed around the site. While Holly is working Dr. Hughes, who has been legally dead for 2 years, goes to Holly and tells her to stop the dig. Dr. Campbell comes into the tent and sends Dr. Hughes off. Holly quits the expedition when another "Accident" occurs. In the town bar, Dr. Hughes finds Holly and takes her back to her Hotel room to tell her why he thinks the bones of the Dinosaur, which he calls Yonggary, are going to bring the end of the world. After explaining, Holly and Hughes go to the site to stop Campbell but it is too late and Aliens resurrect Yonggary. After Yonggary's first appearance, the Army comes in and takes Holly and Campbell to an army base when Yonggary is dispatched by the aliens again. The army sends choppers after Yonggary, but he destroys them. Yonggary is then sent to the city  and does some damage, where some jets attack him. Then Yonggary is transported to a power plant where he is attacked by rocket pack soldiers. During the fight, Hughes and Holly find out that the diamond on Yonggary's forehead is the device giving the aliens control of Yonggary. Yonggary is transported back into the city, where the remainder of the soldiers destroy the diamond on his head. Enraged, the aliens send down their own monster, Cycor. Yonggary and Cycor battle, with Yonggary winning. The following morning, Yonggary is sent to an uninhabited island where Yonggary can adjust to normal life.
2980052	3	In 1942, a small group of Allied soldiers and airmen stationed on Java are being bombed by Japanese aircraft daily. With only one working fighter of their own, and five pilots who volunteer to fly a dangerous mission, the Dutch commander, Major Eichel  chooses George Collins  to bomb the Japanese aircraft carrier lying offshore. As the flight progresses, Eichel asks the other pilots to tell him about George. As they recount his rise from brilliant law student, it is apparent that his involvement in a scandal with the state's Governor, has led to attempts to redeem himself, especially for Freddie , his long-time love. With the promise that his mission is "for his country," Collins sacrifices himself in a final dive on the carrier.
23752458	2	Johns plays Barbara Vining, a teen-age student that has an unrequited crush on her Latin teacher, Stephen Barlow . When Barlow's wife Kay  finds out about this, she confronts Barbara, who is humiliated and runs off. Stephen chases after her to try to calm her down near a local river. Barbara does not return home to her parents for three days, during which time Stephen is accused by the community of causing her death without any evidence, causing him to lose his job and nearly his marriage. Walter Fitzgerald and Megs Jenkins play her parents Henry and Vi, and Pamela Brown plays her spinster Aunt Evelyn, who lives with the family and with her gossip and innuendo, makes the situation worse.
22982069	1	Penguins are invading the shores of California causing overcrowding, excessive warmth and increasing crabbiness in general. Senator Al Gore warns us of the impending doom and what we can do to change the threat.
1345561	2	Pepe Le Moko  is a notorious thief, who escaped from France after his last great heist to Algeria. Since his escape, Moko became a resident and leader of the immense Casbah, or "native quarter," of Algiers. French officials arrive insisting on Pepe's capture are met with unfazed local detectives, led by Inspector Slimane , who are biding their time. Meanwhile, Pepe begins to feel increasingly trapped in his prison-like stronghold, a feeling which intensifies after meeting the beautiful Gaby , who is visiting from France. His love for Gaby soon arouses the jealousy of Ines , Pepe's Algerian mistress.
27609842	1	{{plot}} Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet (Julie Walters and [[Richard Wilson  are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave the garden, objects come alive in both their gardens. The Montague garden is filled with blue garden gnomes, and the Capulet garden houses red garden gnomes. Later, both blue and red gnomes attend a lawnmower race. Representing the blues is Gnomeo  and representing the reds is Tybalt . During the race, it looks like Gnomeo is winning; however, Tybalt cheats and wins the race, destroying Gnomeo's lawnmower. Gnomeo and his best friend, Benny , insult Tybalt for cheating, but Tybalt ignores them. Benny watches Mrs. Montague ordering a new cheap lawnmower called The Kitten Clipper, disappointed. Later that night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in disguise, with blue spray cans. Benny sprays Tybalt's well and accidentally triggers a security light in the process, alerting the red gnomes to attack. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby neglected garden. He bumps into a disguised Juliet , the daughter of the red gnomes leader Lord Redbrick . Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's colour before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their gardens, Juliet tells her frog friend Nanette  about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet then have secret meetings in a secret garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone . He encourages their love, and the two begin to meet regularly. Though when the two of them are getting ready for a date, Lord Redbrick introduces Juliet to Paris , a red gnome that Nanette has fallen for, though Juliet manages to get away. Later, when the two return back to their gardens, Gnomeo finds his mother Lady Bluebury , who is distraught after the reds infiltrated the garden and destroyed the plant Gnomeo's deceased father planted. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. He tunnels underneath to reach the red garden, but just as he is about to spray the prized flowers of the reds, Juliet sees him. He backs out suddenly, telling Benny that the nozzle on the spraying bottle was jammed. When he and Juliet meet up again, they briefly argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them that other people's hate destroyed his love. He and his girlfriend were separated when the two people living in the house, where their garden was, got divorced. After he has explained this, Gnomeo and Juliet apologize, but when they are about to kiss, Benny sees them, distracts them, then runs into the alleyway, where Tybalt is waiting with his lawnmower. Tybalt drives at Benny, chops his hat clean off with a trowel, and attempts to run him down with his lawnmower. Tybalt is interrupted by Gnomeo, and he is destroyed when crashing into a wall. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, but Juliet, to the surprise of her father and clan, defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. A woman suddenly jogs along, so all gnomes become still and inconspicuous. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has Juliet glued to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like her mother. Gnomeo's pet, a mushroom named Shroom, is left alone and goes on the road, where he realizes that what appeared to be Gnomeo is actually a broken blue teapot, and that Gnomeo is still alive. Gnomeo eventually ends up in a park, and climbs onto a Statue of William Shakespeare  and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to Romeo and Juliet and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. However, Gnomeo refuses to accept that sort of ending. Shroom and Featherstone come to find him. Benny, meanwhile, cancels the order of the Kitten Clipper and buys the Terrafirminator lawnmower using the computer, to get revenge on the Red Gnomes, despite Shroom trying to convince him that Gnomeo is still alive. The Terrafirminator goes out of control and destroys most of the two gardens while the gnomes wage a full scale war. Gnomeo makes it back to Juliet to try to un-glue her, but he is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses, and they kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. Everyone believes that both are dead. Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury, both realizing that their feud was responsible for this, decide to end the feud. As they do, they accidentally trigger a switch, which causes a massive tropical castle display to rise up from the remains of Juliet's pedestal. Much to the astonishment of all the gnomes, both Gnomeo and Juliet are revealed to have survived as they rise from the ruins. The residents of the gardens celebrate and Gnomeo and Juliet kiss just as Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet return to find their yards destroyed. The film ends happily with the red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Tybalt is also revealed to still be alive having been glued back together . Featherstone is also reunited with his girlfriend after Benny finds and orders her online. Meanwhile, Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans.
32648655	2	The story opens with the death of Ram . His wife Janani  realizes that her husband did not die naturally, as she finds his room stained with blood spatters. She recalls memories from when they first met and the story starts with a flashback when Ram and Janani were 12th grade students. Ram is a rich happy-go-lucky guy. He sees Janani and has a crush on her straightaway. He begins to follow her around with his friends Senthil and Kumaran. When Janani reciprocates his love, she is stopped by her poor family. When Janani's mother tells her that they are moving to America, Janani burns her passport so she can stay with Ram. She is then disowned by her family by her mother and she lands up at Ram's door. The two get married with Ram's father's help and lead a happy life. The story then returns to reality with Janani finding a suicide letter in Ram's coat, and after reading it, she asks Senthil about his death. Senthil tells her the truth about Ram, that there were two sides to him. After Janani had told him she was leaving for America, the same night his best friend Kumaran had also planned to leave for Singapore. Ram couldn't take all this pain and went for a jag, which was when Senthil had realized that Ram was suffered from bipolar disorder. If something positive happened, Ram would jump in joy, but if a tiny negative thing happened, he wouldn't be able to control his rage. Senthil explains that once when he told Ram about his disease, Ram smashed a glass bottle on his head. Ram escapes from the house and while walking on the road, suddenly hits his head on a vehicle. After that accident, Senthil couldn't see any other strange behavior from him. Ram agrees with Senthil to go see a doctor. But he rejects medications thinking that Janani would know about the situation. He loves her very much, and he didn't want to see her in tears. As a request of Ram, Senthil stays at Ram and Janani's house for few weeks, in case the situation becomes dangerous and if Ram tried to hurt Janani. Once, Ram tried to kill Janani during her sleep but was luckily stopped by Senthil. The story moves forward to one evening at a nightclub, where Ram gets into a fight with a guy who misbehaves with Janani. Ram takes Janani to their car and sends her home. After she leaves, the guy who misbehaved with Janani shows up with his friends and attacks Ram and Senthil. In the course of the fight, Ram hits his head against the hood of a car. His medical situation is worsened as a result. He begins to experience bouts of rage. Owing to this, Ram manages to defeat the attackers. Meanwhile Senthil injects Ram with a medicine the doctor had prescribed in case of an emergency, thus sedating him and dissipating his rage. On another day, while Ram and Senthil are in the car, Ram suddenly bashes Senthil's head against the steering wheel, rendering him unconscious. Ram says his last words to his friend, "Sorry dude, you have done so much for me" and leaves the car in order to and go see Janani himself. He remembers all the beautiful memories from their young age, and the ending takes onto the final scene of Ram's life, as he goes to Janani's bedroom and watches her sleeping. He tries to control his emotions and kiss her for the last time and suddenly he hallucinates seeing a young girl saying "Either kill her or you die". He immediately gets away from her bed and goes to his office and writes a suicide note. He sees visions of many people in front of him crying and laughing. To avoid causing further harm to Janani, he picks up a knife, and kills himself, saying his final words "I love you, Janani".
30578340	2	The film begins with a body that seems to be falling from the sky, alluding to jumpers from the World Trade Center on September 11. Oskar Schell  is introduced as the son of German American Thomas Schell  who died during the attack. In a flashback Thomas and Oskar play a scavenger hunt to find objects throughout New York City. The game requires communication with other people and is not easy: "if things were easy to find, they wouldn't be worth finding". On September 11, Oskar is let out of school early while his mother Linda  is at work. When Oskar gets home, he finds five messages from his father on the answering machine saying he is in the World Trade Center. When Thomas calls for the sixth time, Oskar hears the phone ringing but is too scared to answer. The machine records a sixth message, which stops when the building collapses, and Oskar knows his father has been killed. He replaces the answering machine so his mother will never find out. A few weeks after what Oskar calls "the worst day", he confides in his German grandmother and they become closer. Oskar's relationship with his mother worsens since she cannot explain why the World Trade Center was attacked and why his father died. Oskar tells his mother he wishes it had been her in the building, not his father, and she responds, "So do I", after which Oskar says he did not mean it, but his mother tells him he did. A year later, Oskar finds a vase in his father's closet with a key in an envelope with the word "Black" on it. He vows to find what the key fits. He finds 472 Blacks in the New York phone book and plans to meet each of them to see if they knew his father. He first meets Abby Black , who has recently divorced her husband. She tells Oskar she did not know his father. One day, Oskar realizes that a strange man  moved in with his grandmother. Oskar stumbles upon the stranger who does not talk because of his childhood trauma of his parents' death in World War II. He communicates with written notes and his hands with "yes" and "no" written on them. As they become friends and go together on the hunt to find what the key fits, Oskar learns to face his fears, such as those of public transport and bridges. Oskar concludes that the stranger is his grandfather. Oskar plays the answering machine messages for the stranger. Before playing the last message, the stranger cannot bear listening any longer, and stops Oskar. Later on, the stranger moves out and tells Oskar not to search anymore. When Oskar looks at a newspaper clipping his father gave him, he finds a circled phone number. He dials the number and reaches Abby, who wants to take Oskar to her ex-husband, William, who may know about the key. William ([[Jeffrey Wright  tells Oskar he has been looking for the key. William had sold the vase to Oskar's father who never knew the key was in the vase. The key fits a safe deposit box where William's father left something for him. Disappointed that the key does not belong to him, Oskar goes home. Oskar's mother tells Oskar she knew he was contacting the Blacks. She then informs him that she visited each Black in advance and informed them that Oskar was going to visit and why. Oskar makes a scrapbook of his scavenger hunt and all the people he met and titles it "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close." At the end of the scrapbook there is an animation where the body is falling up instead of down. Oskar's grandfather returns to live with Oskar's grandmother.
33599475	2	HIL, Hero Hitler In Love revolves around Hitler who lives in his village Ishqpura. Hitler is a man with unique and different thoughts who loves his fellow villagers and helps them unite their soul mates. Hitler falls in love with Sahiban, who lives in Pakistan and decides to bring her to his village. Hitler believes in solving the problems by taking about them but when something crosses the line, he decides to become Real "Adolf Hitler". The film also revolves around car racing and Hitler who loves car racing, but when he is set up to fail in the Asian Car Racing competition he decides to take revenge, the story shapes how Hitler takes his revenge and fights to win his girl and reunite both the nations .
34386655	2	No-nonsense nurse Nora Gilpin doesn't care much for John Raymond Jr., a rich lawyer. Her immediate plans are to marry Tim McCarey, a building contractor, and settle down to a nice, normal life. That night, a sleepwalking Nora slips into a provocative dress and goes to the home of a startled John, behaving seductively. She doesn't reveal her name and he can't figure out where they have met. John spots her on the street one day and excitedly brings up their evening together, but Nora has no idea what he's talking about. He is leaving by train for a business trip, however, when Nora pops up again, playfully cavorting with him for hours at an amusement park. Dr. Jackson is consulted about sleepwalking and thinks Nora's behavior must stem from something in her past. John realizes that he knew her many years ago as the gardener's daughter, but Nora adamantly denies it, continuing to prepare for her wedding day. She packs a suitcase for her honeymoon, but that night, while John waits outside, sure enough, Nora appears again. He rushes her to a Justice of the Peace and she wakes up the next morning in a motel. Embarrassed and unnerved, Nora hurries to her wedding, only to have John interrupt the ceremony by claiming she's already married. Nora faints.
21511956	2	A widow inherits a small fortune when her husband dies in a freak jet crash. However, before she can escape to a retreat with her secret lover the widow is brutally murdered and the money stolen. Now an insurance investigator and his journalist love interest must figure out exactly who is murdering anyone involved with the late widow and exactly what their vicious vendetta is.
25951913	2	After winning the house-of-the-future Ma and Pa are content. Until they receive a notice stating that they have won a contest from the Bubble-Ola Company, and the prize - a free all-paid trip to New York City. Ma tells Pa that they can't go because they have no one to look out for the kids. Meanwhile, famous bank robber Shotgun Munger crashes and drives into the Kettle Farm. Pa comes along and greets him, after a long conversation Munger tells Pa that he can stay and watch over the kids . So, Ma and Pa Kettle go to New York City and get in contact with their daughter-in-law Kim and their son Tom.
897540	3	When the star  of out-of-favor director Viktor Taransky's  new film refuses to finish it, Taransky is forced to find a replacement. Contractual requirements totally prevent using her image in the film, so he must re-shoot. Instead, Viktor experiments with a new computer program he inherits from late acquaintance Hank Aleno  which allows creation of a computer-generated woman which he can easily animate to play the film's central character. Viktor names his virtual actor "Simone", a name derived from the computer program's title, Simulation One. Seamlessly incorporated into the film, Simone ([[Rachel Roberts  gives a fantastic performance, exactly controlled by Viktor. The film is immediately a huge success. The studio, and soon the world, ask "who is Simone?" Viktor initially claims that Simone is a recluse and requests her privacy be respected, but that only intensifies media demands for her to appear. Viktor intends to reveal the secret of her non-existence after the second picture. To satisfy demand, he executes a number of progressively ambitious stunts relying on misdirection and cinematic special effects technology. Eventually it escalates to simulated remote location video live interviews. In one instance, two determined tabloid reporters discover Viktor used out-of-date stock photography as a background during an interview instead of being on that site as claimed and blackmail him into getting Simone to make a live appearance. He arranges her to perform a song at a stadium event appearing in a cloud of smoke and then using flawless holographic technology. The perception of being in person is reinforced with realtime visualization on the stadium's monitors. Simone becomes even more famous, winning two Academy Awards for Best Actress. Once the pressure of serving his creation reaches a breaking point for Viktor, he decides to ruin Simone's career as an act of vengeance. Simone's next film, I Am Pig, is her directorial debut and a tasteless treatment about zoophilia intended to disgust audiences, which not only fails to achieve the desired effect of audience alienation, but also serves to foster her credibility as a risk-taking, fearless and avant-garde artist. Taransky's subsequent attempts to discredit Simone by having her drink, smoke and curse at public appearances and use politically incorrect statements similarly backfire, when the press instead begins to see her as refreshingly honest. As a last resort, Taransky decides to depose of Simone completely by using a computer virus to erase her and dumps the hard drive and floppy disks into a steamer trunk and buries it at sea, then announces to the press she has died of a rare virus contracted on her Goodwill Tour of the Third World. During the funeral, the police interrupt, open the coffin, and find only Simone's cardboard cutout. He is arrested and shown a security camera video where he loads a large trunk on his yacht. After being charged with her murder, he admits that Simone is not a person, but a computer program. The chest containing the computer data is brought up empty. Viktor's daughter and ex-wife enter his studio to try to help. They find Viktor's forgotten virus source disk  and apply an anti-virus program to eradicate the computer virus. They revive Simone and have her appear on national television laughing while holding up a newspaper headline with her obituary. They pick up a confused Viktor who realizes that his connection with Simone is a life sentence. At the end, Simone and Viktor are remotely interviewed at home about their new  baby. Simone is concerned about her child's future and decides to enter politics. The film shows how the fake is produced using the chroma key technique. A post-credits sequence shows Viktor creating fake footage of Simone in a supermarket, which one of her pursuers sees, believing it real.
859131	2	Rajalingam  and Kannamma ([[Savitri  are two young people who meet in a train going to the town Kalathur. The former, knowing that the latter is from a poor family, introduces himself as an electrician to make her fall for him, though he is later revealed as the son of a rich landlord , who Kannamma's father Murugan  is working for as a labourer. Rajalingam and Kannamma eventually meet at their zameen, where the former finally proposes his love. Kannamma, despite initial reluctance, accepts him and both get married secretly at a nearby temple. This is however witnessed by Rajalingam's servant Ratnam, who then promises to keep their marriage as a secret. When Rajalingam goes to London for a one-year project, his father eventually finds out about his son's affair with Kannamma, and orders her to forget about him. Further trouble arises when Kannamma  is revealed to be pregnant, as a result of sleeping with Rajalingam. She refuses to reveal to her father about whom she slept with, and under the landlord's order, both leave to a nearby village. After several months, she finally gives birth to a baby boy, who is however taken away by Murugan, who leaves it at a nearby orphanage. He lies to Kannamma that her son was stillborn, leaving her in grief. The boy grows up in the orphanage and is named Selvam . Murugan knows that Selvam is Kannamma's son, which Selvam doesn't know. Meanwhile, Rajalingam, who had returned shortly after Selvam's birth, discovers from Ratnam that Kannamma had left Kalathur, leaving him angered. His father arranges for his marriage to another girl , who he accepts soon. Kannamma later gets a job as a teacher at the orphanage where Selvam is, without recognizing him as her son. Rajalingam is later invited as chief guest to a stage performance, where Selvam is performing and gets a liking for him. But after the show ends, Rajalingam finds out that Kannamma is Selvam's teacher, and thinking her to be of no good character, he orders the headmistress to dismiss her. Selvam's close friend Mani soon dies, making the former feel himself as a complete orphan, but Rajalingam soon takes him to his zameen, and accepts him as his son, despite his father's initial reluctance. One day, when they go to a nearby temple, Selvam comes across Kannamma . She explains to Selvam that she is his mother, and he also accepts it. But he also alerts her of Rajalingam's impending marriage to Devika, and Kannamma refuses to see Rajalingam's face. Later before the marriage, Kannamma finally arrives and reveals to Rajalingam that she is Selvam's mother. Rajalingam, however refuses to believe her and orders her to leave. But his father explains that it was he who was the reason for the split, and reveals that Selvam is indeed his grandson. Rajalingam soon reconciles with Kannamma, and his marriage with Devika is cancelled.
15836095	3	In 1935, United States Narcotics Agent Michael Barrows  is assigned to find an unidentified freighter suspected of smuggling drugs. When he and the Coast Guard spot it along the California coast, they give chase. Barrows watches helplessly through binoculars as the freighter captain has about a hundred chained slave laborers thrown overboard to drown. The ship escapes by passing beyond the 12 mile limit and entering international waters. Horrified by what he has seen, Barrows determines to smash the narcotics ring - traveling "to the ends of the Earth" if need be - without first clearing it with his boss, Commissioner H. J. Anslinger . The trail leads him to Shanghai where his Chinese counterpart, Commissioner Lum Chi Chow , has obtained information from a dying man. The man had escaped from a slave labor gang growing poppies somewhere in Egypt. Lum Chi Chow believes that once the poppies are harvested within the next few days, they will be smuggled into Shanghai for final processing. Suspicion falls on Nicholas Sokim , as he has a criminal record, but he claims to have been out of the drug business for many years. During his investigation, Barrows meets recent widow Ann Grant , who is preparing to send orphan Chinese teenager Shu Pan Wu  to the safety of the United States. When a drug processing lab is discovered beneath Sokim's business, Sokim commits suicide. With time running out, and the trail going cold, Barrows travels to Egypt to search for the hidden poppy fields. There, he teams up with British Commissioner Lionel Hadley  and French Commissioner Lariesier . They managed to locate the poppy fields on land belonging to Binda Sha . Barrows is disturbed to learn that the irrigation system for the fields was set up by Ann Grant's late engineer husband. When Binda Sha realizes he has been caught, he throws himself off a cliff to his death. Meanwhile, the unprocessed drugs are smuggled to Beirut in the stomachs of camels. The camels are slaughtered and the drugs retrieved. An alert agent spots them being transferred to innocent-looking butter containers sent aboard a ship bound for New York via Havana under the watchful eye of Naftalie Vrandstadter . Barrows boards the ship and once again encounters Ann Grant and Shu Pan Wu; the latter seems to have developed a schoolgirl crush for him. As they near New York, the drugs disappear under cover of a fire, despite the vigilance of Barrows' planted agents. Barrows figures out that they were thrown overboard attached to weights. The ropes are treated so that they will part after a certain time, allowing the drugs to resurface and be picked up. Barrows summons the Coast Guard, who capture the drug ring's boat and the drugs. He takes the recovered packages and heads to shore with Ann and Shu Pan Wu. Shu Pan Wu steals Barrows' revolver and orders him to go to a different location. When Barrows advances on her, she shoots him without hesitation; however, the gun is loaded with blanks, as the treasury agent had grown suspicious of her. Shu Pan Wu turns out to be the adult leader of the ring.
5356013	2	Dev Karan Singh , a casanova and ambitious painter deep in debt, agrees to marry Anita , the daughter of Singhania , a rich tycoon. Priya , a music teacher for children, is engaged to Raj , whom she has agreed to marry because he had helped her when she was in need. Priya and Dev meet on a cruise and fall in love. However, due to their already being engaged to other people, they agree to work everything out and meet in 6 months on Valentine's Day to get married. During the 6 months, Dev breaks off his engagement with Anita and starts working hard. Driven by his love, he creates and auctions beautiful paintings, and becomes very successful. On the other hand, Priya realizes that leaving Raj will be wrong and sadly writes a letter to Dev, explaining everything. When Raj gets the letter instead, he supports Priya and convinces her to go to Dev. Things take a bad turn when, on her way to meet him, Priya gets hit by a car and gets her legs amputated. Dev, who waited all night for Priya, believes she has rejected him, as he does not know of her accident. Priya forbids Raj from telling Dev, not wanting to become a burden on him. However, both Dev and Priya still love and pine for each other. Though heartbroken, Dev continues his career and goes on to become a famous painter. One day, Priya attends his art exhibition and wishes to buy a painting of his, a sentimental picture of her speaking to his beloved grandmother, whom Dev had introduced to her during the cruise. Dev had said that he would not sell the painting as it was only for Priya, but upon hearing that the girl who wanted it understands the emotion behind the picture and is disabled, he tells the host of the exhibition to give the painting to her for free. One day, he visits Priya to give her an anklet that his grandmother, who recently died, had wished for Priya to have when she became Dev's bride. Initially unaware of Priya's condition, Dev realizes the truth when he sees the painting in another room. The two embrace tearfully and he assures Priya that he will love her no matter what. Dev and Priya then get married and live happily ever after.
28000552	2	Charlie  is the good-looking, hard-working brother who runs Uncle Vito's cafe, as well as the local soccer club. He enjoys casual success with women, but is careful to avoid commitment. The other brother,{{cite web}} Frank  is an unemployed dreamer who studies the Joga Bonito, Total Football and Johann Cruyff, while functioning as the coach of their suburban football team. For Charlie it is all about winning;{{cite web}}  Meanwhile, their suburban team is made up of old school friends who have a range of issues of their own. Damon  is married to Isabella , who is slowly turning her ocker husband into an Italian. Angelo  is married to Lisa ; she wants him to focus on starting a family. Kon  and Mark  are slackers; they work for Sarah , who fancies Charlie. And Charlie fancies Katie , the unattainable sexy blonde with a secret. The guys are all approaching the end of their football careers. Family responsibilities, age and business pressures combine to make this their last season together and they would love to go out as champions. To this end, they embrace serious training and adopt a few questionable tactics. When Uncle Vito , the godfather of the piece, backs the boys to win the cup to the tune of $50,000, the tensions increase. As the team closes in on an elusive place in the Cup final, Charlie discovers true love, but has to decide if Katie is the kind of girl he can safely take home to mother. Woven through all this is the progress{{cite web}} at the 2006 World Cup finals,{{cite web}}{{cite web}} amongst Australians{{cite web}} who traditionally had no interest in soccer,{{cite web}} and increasing inspiration for the boys. "It's a fun film", said the producer, Matt Salleh. "One that's character-driven, hopefully by characters who resonate with people."{{cite web}}
13961279	2	Twenty-three years after scoring the winning touchdown for his college football team (as told in [[The Freshman  mild-mannered Harold Diddlebock , who has been stuck in a dull, dead-end book-keeping job for years, is let go by his pompous boss, advertising tycoon J.E. Waggleberry , with nothing but a tiny pension. He bids farewell to the girl at the desk down the aisle, Miss Otis , whom he had hoped to marry &ndash; just as he had hoped to marry five of her older sisters before that &ndash; and wanders aimlessly through the streets, his life's savings in hand. He falls in with a racetrack tout named Wormy  and finds himself in a bar. When he tells the bartender  that he's never had a drink in his life, the barkeep creates a potent cocktail he calls "The Diddlebock", one sip of which is enough to release Harold from all his inhibitions, setting him off on a day-and-a-half binge of spending and carousing. When his widowed sister Flora  wakes him up, he finds that he has a hangover, but he also has a garish new wardrobe, a ten-gallon hat, a hansom cab complete with driver, and ownership of a bankrupt circus. Trying to sell the circus Harold and Wormy visit circus-loving Wall Street banker Lynn Sargent , and then, when he turns them down, the rest of the town's bankers. To get past the bank guards, Harold brings along Jackie the Lion, who incites panic, and Harold, Wormy and the lion end up on the ledge of a skyscraper, but avoid plunging to certain death. The three are arrested and thrown in jail, but Miss Otis bails them out, and they find that the publicity has attracted a mob of bankers who want to buy the circus &ndash; but Ringling Brothers outbids them. Harold celebrates with another "Diddlebock", and finds out when he wakes up that he got $175,000 for the circus, he's now an executive at Waggleberry's agency, and that he and Miss Otis got married during his first binge.<ref nameavg&sql5867&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Li, Kathy Plot summary
21703124	2	Kattila Gopalan  is a notorious name in a little village named Oonjaalaadi. Though nobody has seen Gopalan, people hold him in dread as he is a thief who always manages to steal whatever he wants, without ever getting caught or even being seen by anyone. His identity remains a mystery. Then one day Harishchandran , a carpenter happens to see Gopalan for the first time. Gopalan is thus forced to flee the little village and seeks refuge in the city. There he meets Lakshmanan , another thief who has an ailing mother to look after. They form a team and start thieving, Lakshmanan to treat his mother and Gopalan with an aim to buy back his ancestral house which he has lost in his childhood. And then a girl named Diana  and her brother Babu John , a rich banker, come into the lives of Gopalan and Lakshmanan. Life changes drastically for the duo.
12757367	3	The mother intercepts and destroys letters from Julien's girlfriend and does not allow him to see her. He is not allowed to wear clothing he gets from his grandmother or buys with his own money. She rejects angrily a gift from the boy. She enters the bathroom while he is naked, when he covers his genitals she demands that he exposes them. She asks him to lie to his soccer trainer about why he cannot come to a training session, in order that she and the boy can be together. Also she does not tell him about the death of his beloved grandmother until after the funeral. Julien's father is always busy with his work and support his wife's behavior. Only Julien's elder sister is concerned about the negative effect of the mother's behavior on Julien's well-being, but the parents refuse to listen to her. Nevertheless the mother also sometimes shows some kind of love for Julien: she likes dancing with him in the living room, playing soccer with him, and going together to the swimming pool. She often comes to his school to discuss Julien's progress. However, Julien's school achievements deteriorate. At school the mother tells the teacher that she does not know what the problem is. Julien secretly goes to his girlfriend's party. His parents go the girl's house to take him home. Julien's sister phones him to warn him that they are on their way. Julien hurries back home on his bike. The parents meet him, grab him and put him in the car, leaving his bike on the road. At home Julien is beaten by his mother. He alarms the police and tells that he may commit suicide. Four police officers arrive at the house. Reluctantly the mother lets them talk with him in a separate room. Julien does not fully speak out. The police check his arms and trunk for physical harm but do not see anything. They leave. Julien is punished by the removal of most of his possessions from his room, and by giving him limited access to his room. Julien gets an alarm gun from his schoolmates and threatens his mother with it. However, she is not impressed. Then he threatens her with a small knife, and she dares him to kill her. At last he stabs his mother. A scene already shown in flash-forward at the start of the film is repeated, in which somebody is taken on a stretcher from the house to an ambulance; now it turns out that it is the mother. A voice-over tells that she survives and does not blame her son.
560431	2	Reporter Michael Ward is the key witness in a murder trial. His evidence &ndash; that he saw the accused Briggs standing over the body of a man in a diner &ndash; is instrumental in having Briggs deemed guilty. Afterwards Ward’s fiancee Jane is worried whether Ward was correct in what he saw and Ward becomes haunted by this question. Next Ward’s neighbour is killed the same way as the man in the diner, but Ward is arrested for trying to point this out to the police. As a result, Jane goes out to try to clear Ward by finding the sinister stranger that Ward saw on the stairwell.
21889241	3	Country singer James Lee Springer  has just become an overnight sensation—after 20 years of trying to make it by playing every honky-tonk west  of the Big Muddy. But after so many years of waiting and hoping, the only question is whether it's all worth it.http://www.netflix.com/Movie/American-Reel/60032433
18434302	2	A meeting of the “Council of Culture” is taking place in New York City. The council is collecting various art forms for inclusion in a time capsule, However, the council members refuse to consider having mention of burlesque entertainment in their time capsule. News of the decisions reaches a trio of burlesque comics , who disrupt the council’s meeting by imitating gangsters. The three funnymen take out a movie projector to offer evidence of the artistic value of burlesque entertainment. The remainder of the film is a plotless revue that features such acts as stripper Rosita Royce dancing with a number of trained birds, the Apache-style dance duo of Marinette and Andre, a male bodybuilder dubbed “Mr. America” who flexes his muscles and plays the harmonica while balancing a blonde woman on his shoulders, a number of routines featuring solo women  in various acts of undressing, and several comedy sketches including Diamond, Kay and Harris
10685691	2	The film's main characters are Mo Chara, Scud Murphy and Cereberal Paulsy, all from West Belfast. They have an interest in dog racing, which the narrator, Mo Chara, informs us, is very important in Ireland. A hooky booky makes a proposition to them, to help him win a race through underhanded methods and in exchange, he'll give them a dog. After sabotaging the race as requested, they find out that the dog, 'Boots' as they call him, is useless as a racing dog. When propositioned by someone else to help sabotage the booky's attempts to win a very important race, they receive a dog, Cerberus as a reward. They decide to test out Cerberus' ability and enter him in a race. However, instead of racing, Cerberus lies down inside the box and does not move, losing the boys some money. Outside the track after the race, the boys argue over what to do with the dog, when they are kidnapped and put in the back of a van. When they wake up, they find themselves hung up in a dog-food processing plant with the bookie and his henchman, Mooney in front of them. The bookie says that because they sabotaged the race his dog was in, which had a prize of £50,000, that they owed him that amount. He gives them a week to pay it. The boys decide to go 'down south' to the Republic of Ireland in order to escape their pursuers. While in the south, they see a local fair and decide to race the dog so as to win some money. The dog loses and angers Scud, who sells him to some travellers who are there, against Mo Chara's wishes. Later, it turns out that the dog is actually a great racer, which Mo Chara puts down to him only chasing real hares, not plastic ones. And the only place they use real hares is in Clonmel at the annual all-Ireland dog coursing championship. The three leave just after a fight breaks out between Scud, Paulsy and the rest of the fair and go in search of the travellers and their dog. They manage to steal the dog and get away from the traveller camp, after a brief chase down Irish country roads, they get away from the travellers and make their way towards Clonmel. On the way, they lose the dog out the back door of the van so they turn around to catch him again, after running over a dog which they're relieved to find isn't Cerberus, they find him again. The lads eventually get to Dublin and get some money by applying to test drugs at a clinic. That same night they find and have sex with three Polish girls, except for Scud who gets erectile disfunction when he's called to perform. They eventually get the dog and race him in Clonmel. After the dog wins several of his races, the hooky booky again appears and once again demands what he says they owe him. As the boys are discussing what they should do the travellers appear on the scene again and hold the boys over a cliff, about to kill them. At the last minute Mo Chara offers them a deal where if the dog wins, the boys get to keep the dog, but they'll give the travellers the money they bet on the dog, plus half the prize money and if the dog loses, they'll pay the traveller's what they think he's worth, which they say is 50 grand in an unspecified currency. They can't win the money themselves because the dog is in the boys' name. After some tense moments, the dog eventually wins and the travellers get their money and the boys get theirs. Paulsy ends up opening the first hash café in West Belfast, Scud gets a brand new shop van, Mo Chara builds a dogtrack and Cerberus is put out to stud.
33616829	1	The Pink Panther is visiting Bagdad,Iraq and immediately gets himself into trouble when his tail gets enchanted by a snake charmer's flute, and the tail and the rope in the snake charmer's basket fall in love with each other. Later, a straw of spaghetti on the panther's dinner plate also gets amorous with the tail, so the panther has to resort to plastic surgery to get himself a genuine fox tail, hoping to escape the trouble.
7677145	3	Francis Phelan  is a washed-up baseball player who deserted his family back in the 1910s when he accidentally and drunkenly dropped his son and killed him. Since then, Phelan has been a bum, punishing himself. Wandering into Albany, New York, Phelan seeks out his lover and drinking companion, Helen Archer . The two meet up in a mission managed by Reverend Chester , and later in Oscar Reo's  gin mill. Over the next few days, Phelan takes a few minor jobs to support his habit, haunted by visions of his past. A chance for a reconciliation with his wife Annie Phelan  is abandoned when a group of local vigilantes with baseball bats take it upon themselves to drive the homeless out of Albany.
20220761	2	Det. Casey Shraeger transfers from Vice to NYPD's Second Precinct with a mission: to clean up Sergeant Harvey Brown's station at his request. Her new partner is Jason Walsh, whose previous partner was murdered the same night Shraeger was assigned to him. Shraeger was chosen mostly because Brown believes her to be incorruptible, since she comes from a wealthy family and chose to work for the police from a sense of doing good, rather than for money. As soon as she meets her new partner, they start a quest for Walsh's ex-partner's killer. He was a corrupt cop, which was a known fact, but he was also investigating other cops at the 2nd Precinct. His main focus was Det. Henry Cole who once lived by another name and robbed an armored car. Cole's partner, Det. Allison Beaumont, is later revealed to be Walsh's girlfriend. Besides Shraeger, Walsh, Beaumont and Cole, the station has three more detectives: Leo Banks, who wears a bulletproof vest everywhere he goes, because he is afraid he will die at age 42, as his father, grandfather and uncle did; Banks' partner Eric Delahoy, who has a brain tumor but refuses to notify anyone or get treatment that can potentially kill him or leave him disabled; and Eddie Alvarez, who believes himself to be a 'lone wolf' and talks about himself in the third person. The show was left cancelled with a cliffhanger about what happens to Delahoy.
899442	2	Regina "Reggie" Lampert, on a skiing holiday in Megève, decides to divorce her husband Charles and then meets a charming stranger, Peter Joshua. When she returns to Paris, her apartment is completely empty and the police notify her that Charles has been murdered while leaving Paris. They give Reggie his travel bag, containing a letter addressed to her, a ticket to Venezuela, passports in multiple names, and other items. At the funeral, Regina notices three odd characters who show up to view the body. One sticks the corpse with a pin and another places a mirror in front of the body's mouth and nose, both to verify Charles is really dead. Reggie is summoned to meet CIA administrator Hamilton Bartholomew at the U.S. Embassy. She learns that the three men are "Tex" Panthollow, Herman Scobie, and Leopold W. Gideon. As part of the OSS  during World War II, they were parachuted behind enemy lines together with Charles Lampert and a fifth man, Carson Dyle. Ordered to deliver $250,000 in gold to the French Resistance, they stole it instead. Dyle was fatally wounded in a German ambush, and Charles doublecrossed the others and took all the gold. The three men want the missing money, and the U.S. government wants it back. Bartholomew insists Reggie has it, even if she does not know where it is. Peter tracks Reggie down and helps her move into a hotel. The three criminals separately threaten Reggie, each convinced she knows where the money is. After Scobie informs Reggie that Peter is in league with the trio , Peter tells her that he is Alexander Dyle, and that he is convinced his brother Carson was murdered by the other three. As the hunt for the money continues, first Scobie is found murdered, then Gideon. The police grow increasingly exasperated. Reggie falls in love with Alex. When she learns from Bartholomew that Carson Dyle had no brother, Alex says he is really Adam Canfield, an unabashed professional thief. Although she is frustrated by his dishonesty, Reggie still finds herself trusting him. Reggie and Adam go to the location of Charles's last appointment and find an outdoor market. They also spot Tex there. Adam follows him. It is Tex who finally figures out where the money is hidden. He sees booths selling stamps to collectors and realizes Charles must have purchased rare stamps and stuck them on an envelope in plain sight, the letter in his travel bag. Adam realizes the same thing and races Tex back to Reggie's hotel room. But the stamps are gone: Reggie had given them to her friend's little boy, Jean-Louis, for his collection, and he has taken them to the market to trade them. Reggie now also realizes the stamps' significance and Jean-Louis finds the stamp trader. Fortunately, he is honest. He puts their total value at $250,000 and returns them to Reggie.  When she returns to the hotel, she finds Tex murdered as well &mdash; and while dying, he wrote the name "Dyle". Figuring he meant Alexander Dyle, a frightened Reggie telephones Bartholomew, who arranges to meet her. When she leaves the hotel, Adam spots her and gives chase through the streets of Paris and the subway. At the rendezvous, Reggie is caught out in the open between the two men. Adam tells her that "Bartholomew" is the murderer &mdash; he is really Carson Dyle, who was only wounded by the Germans.  After another chase, Adam kills Dyle to save Reggie. When Reggie insists on turning the stamps over to the authorities, Adam refuses to accompany her. When she goes in, she is shocked to find that Adam is actually Brian Cruikshank, the government official responsible for recovered property. After proving his true identity, he promises to marry her... once she gives him the stamps. The movie ends with a split-screen grid showing flashback shots of all of Brian's different identities, while Reggie says she hopes that they have lots of boys, so they can name them all after him.
23669013	2	Frank Buck tangles with Nazis who have been doping tigers in Malaya, thereby making man-eaters of them. With the cats on a rampage, rubber production is seriously curtailed and the Allied war effort jeopardized. Buck and his associates, J. Farrell MacDonald, Duncan Renaldo and June Duprez, thwart the Teutonic malefactors: the villainous Nazi Dr. Lang  and his portly accomplice Henry Gratz . Thereafter, life is safe once again in the jungle.
35052587	3	A twisted tale of two unemployed graduates who embark on a journey to make it in a world where you need more than what you have to get what you want.
29331842	1	Harpooner Ishmael  joins Ahab  and his crew on the Pequod, in this instance an armored land boat that hunts for dragons. The seven-strong crew ostensibly seeks the precious "vitriol", a highly explosive liquid substance found inside the fire-breathing winged creatures, which powers the mythical realm they live in. Ishmael joins their quest, and soon learns that in fact, Ahab's mission is one of revenge on a particular great white dragon that decades ago scarred and injured him, and also killed his sister. Forced to hide from the sunlight due to the burn wounds on his body, Ahab now tries to kill all dragons, and especially the white one. Conflict arises through a romantic entanglement between Ishmael and Ahab's adopted daughter, Rachel , which causes hostility from the jealous hothead Flask . In the white dragon's lair, Ahab's secrets are revealed and Rachel must choose between following him on his dark quest or escaping to a new life with Ishmael. She chooses the latter and in a final confrontation, Ahab's spear, which was tied to his foot, becomes entangled in the White Dragon's neck. The creature flies off with a screaming Ahab, until he is slammed against a rock pillar and silenced. The white dragon flies off into the distance, with Ahab's body clinging on to it.
17957459	2	A baby sitter is stuck watching over a young brat on Halloween night who keeps playing vicious pranks on her. To add to her trouble the boy's deranged father has escaped from an asylum and is planning on making a visit.
9626476	2	Truman Gates , a Kentucky native raised in Appalachia, has migrated to Chicago to become a police officer. After his younger brother Gerald  becomes unemployed when the local coal mine closes, Truman persuades his brother to look for work in Chicago. Soon after landing a job as a truck driver, Gerald's vehicle is hijacked by mobsters from the Chicago Outfit. When Gerald pulls a knife, he is immediately killed by Joey Rosellini , the sadistic nephew of Outfit boss John Isabella . When the Don later confronts his nephew about this needless killing, Joey lies and says that it was in defense of his cousin's life. When Gerald's body is discovered, Truman returns to Kentucky for the funeral. When his surviving brother, Briar Gates , insists on a traditional mountain blood feud, Truman urges his family to let the police deal with Gerald's murder. Briar is disgusted, as he considers Truman's reluctance to be disgraceful. Determined to deal with the murderers in his own way, Briar travels to Chicago. Meanwhile, Truman desperately tries to solve the crime before Briar. He approaches John Isabella and explains the mountain code to him. He suggests that if Gerald's murderer surrenders peacefully, it would save them both a lot of trouble. John, however, refuses on general principle and Truman continues his investigation. The Isabella mobsters come to kill Briar in his hotel but manages to escape thanks to the bungling mobster . Truman soon learns the identity of the hijackers from a witness. To his amazement, he learns that Lawrence Isabella , the Don's son and a criminal informant, witnessed the murder. He approaches Lawrence and tells him that he intends to arrest Joey. Soon afterwards, Lawrence is brutally tortured and finally murdered with Briar's shotgun by Joey, but he had to tell the Don that it was someone else. A devastated John sanctions a hit on the supposed culprit. However, Briar first breaks into Rosellini's trucking company and engages in a gunfight with Joey's crew and kills 2 of Joey's guys and Joey walks in and shoots Briar twice. Fatally wounded, Briar dies in Truman's arms when he arrives. With two brothers dead and evidence for an arrest lacking, Truman resigns from the police force. The morning after the shooting, Harold , the manager of the apartment that Briar was staying at when he was going after the Outfit that killed Gerald, the youngest brother of Truman and Briar, hears about it and calls his kin Hollis Gates, his cousin, and informs him of Briar's death. Truman paints, "You forgot one," on Joey's car after he throws one of Joey's guys into the window of a restaurant. Enraged, Joey vows to murder Truman without his uncle's permission. Meanwhile in Kentucky, the Gates family gathers together and travels to Chicago to begin a war against the Outfit. Learning of the Gates family's determination to seek revenge, Joey dismisses the threat, saying that the Gates family, "plow rocks for a living." John responds, "That's what they said about 'our' people back in Sicily." Truman lures the Rosellini crew to a darkened cemetery, where an extended gun battle ensues with all of Briar's weapons he got from Briar's apartment. Truman ambushes and silently kills 2 members of Joey's crew with a compound bow and one with a knife, which in turn, the guy Truman killed shoots Truman in the leg. Then, just as Truman is cornered by the remaining four, the Gates family descends to his rescue. Once the remaining mobsters are killed or cornered, Truman and Joey engage in hand-to-hand combat. Truman has Joey pinned on the ground with a knife to his throat when John Isabella arrives and, at gunpoint, orders Truman to drop the knife and move out of the way. To Joey's horror, the Don has learned the truth about Lawrence's murder. The Don points the gun at Joey. Joey asks him what is he going to do. The Don tells Joey, "This is for killing my son," and shoots him dead. With Gerald's murderer finally dealt with, the Gates and Isabella families make peace. At the police station, Truman sees Jessie. She hears about Briar's death from Truman when she asked about him. After that, they walk out of the station and it goes straight to black.
35787800	1	Shot on digital video and set on a apocalyptic-industrial landscape reminiscent of works like Eraserhead or Industrial Soundscape, it features a bug crawling over a house and falling on his back. Accompanied by trademark dark ambient music, the short film ends with a close-up of the door opening, showing a lighted room with some kind of machinery on it, as the ambient sounds suggest a buzzing light and mechanical work.
31149350	2	Ram Kumar  lives a wealthy lifestyle in Calcutta with his brother, Prashant  and Parvati , his sister-in-law. Since his school-days he had befriended a young orphan named Laxman , who also lives with them. Years later, Ram and Laxman have grown up, and Laxman joins the Police Force. Impressed with Laxman's dedication and diligence, the Police Commissioner assigns him to take down the crime empire of a notorious underworld don called Cobra. Laxman gets killed trying to arrest cobra and Ram swears to avenge Laxman's death, and sets forth to seek Cobra. It is then Ram finds out that the man called Cobra may be Prashant himself. A series of double cross and deceit leads to a plot much more sinister than what Ram could have ever imagined. Is Prashant the real culprit or a victim of mistaken identity? How will Ram annihilate Cobra and his crime empire?
10155456	2	Hamilton High School is no place for a teacher who cares. Teacher Sam Decker , a former soldier, doesn't care anymore. He's quitting. After military service in the Gulf War and the former Yugoslavia, he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town. He wanted to make a difference -- but nothing does at Hamilton High. Frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't work, Sam hands in his resignation. But the day he does, he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school. It's a bad day for all. But Hamilton High is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours, using the school to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked. The plan is to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars, stash the drugs in secret compartments, and drive away safely. Led by the brilliant and sadistic Chester Lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover that Sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school. The hunt is on as Lamb's henchmen ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms, while Lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras, turning the school's security system against his prey. Sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil Lamb's perfectly planned crime. Along the way, they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government. Paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours. But nobody figured Sam and his juvenile delinquents into the equation. Lamb and his crew -- who include Gloria Waylon , punkers Viktor  and Alek  -- continue to stalk the students through the school. But Sam still has a few tricks to teach the kids, and he's got some things to learn from them. Tonight at Hamilton High, the lesson is survival.
8276181	2	Mickey Gordon is a professional basketball referee who flies to Paris to bury his father but is detained because his father's casket is missing. Ellen Andrews, an employee of American Airlines, assists Mickey in retrieving the lost casket. She attends the funeral and they fall in love in the streets of Paris, but are separated when Mickey has to go back to America after his leave of absence. They return to the reality of their normal lives, but cannot seem to forget Paris. Mickey and Ellen ultimately reunite and marry, but do not "live happily ever after" . They deal with common marriage issues such as: her father moving in with them, failed attempts at child conception, and each spouse unsuccessfully attempting a professional change to accommodate the other. The film is told mostly in flashback by friends of the couple who gather at a restaurant. It delves into the hardships of marriage and keeping the romance alive in a relationship.
3504129	2	Thomas  and David  are cousins who run a fast food van in Barcelona. The food is delivered by Thomas, who rushes around the square on a skateboard. After fending off a biker gang they continue business as normal. They go and visit David's father who is in a mental institution and bump into Sylvia who is the daughter of David's father's girl friend. Thomas encourages David to try to ask her out on a date and chickens out of this making the excuse she would have said no anyway. Cut to the van serving food late at night where Thomas inadvertently bumps into Sylvia who is pretending to be a prostitute. But Sylvia  is actually a pickpocket and she robs a man in a bed room and runs away to their fast food van. Both Thomas and David are enamoured by her. But after allowing her to stay in their apartment that night, they wake to find Sylvia and their money gone. The next day, they bump into Moby , a bumbling private investigator who is also tracking Sylvia. They later discovered that Sylvia is the heir to a sizeable inheritance that a criminal gang is trying to steal from her. When she is kidnapped, Thomas, David, and Moby team up to save her, infiltrating the villains' castle and defeating them in a martial arts battle.
28091621	2	Alone in a small apartment, smoking and drinking sake from pop-top bottles, Yoshida reminisces. Now a middle-aged man, he recalls a scene in his thirties. In the memory, Keiko tells him she is sorry. Yoshida then forces sex on her. In another apartment, Shōko, a woman in her early twenties, lies in bed while Tamura prepares to leave on a business trip. Shōko asks Tamura to buy her lipstick, and Tamura warns Shōko to behave herself while he is gone, since their wedding day is approaching. At City Hall Shōko requests a marriage application. A middle-aged man then asks for a registration for divorce. Meeting on the street, Mika apologizes to Shōko for her tardiness, then takes Shōko to a restaurant. The man who asked for divorce papers at City Hall is the owner of the restaurant. When Shōko indicates that she is having second thoughts about her wedding, Mika dismisses it as "Marriage blues." At night, in bed in her apartment, Shōko slowly rips the marriage application in half. She rides her bicycle back to the restaurant, which is now closed. Kudō recognizes Shōko from City Hall. They talk about the meaning of marriage, and Shōko seduces Kudō in the kitchen. At her apartment Shōko listens to Tamura's phone message. He is angry because Shōko is not there, and says he will not buy the lipstick. Shōko returns to the restaurant in the morning. Yoshida awakens from a drunken stupor in his apartment then bursts into the restaurant in a rage trying to fight Kudō. Riding Shōko home on her bike, Kudō explains that Keiko, his wife, was originally Yoshida's girlfriend and first true love. At Keiko's home, Kudō criticizes her for buying Minoru, the eldest of their two sons, a bicycle before Kudō had given approval. Keiko says that because Kudō is only at home on weekends she has to make the decisions. Angry, Kudō leaves claiming he has work to do. Kudō calls Shōko, who is packing in her apartment. He insists that Shōko meet him at the restaurant. At first reluctant, when she returns from seeing Kudō, Shōko finds Tamura in her apartment. He angrily demands to know what she has been doing for the past few days. Shōko explains that she has decided not to go through with the marriage. Walking on the street while drinking sake, Yoshida passes out from an attack of abdominal pain. In his hospital room, Yoshida tells Kudō that he has to remain in the hospital for another two or three days. As Kudō is leaving the hospital a doctor stops him to talk about Yoshida's condition. Kudō pays a surprise mid-week visit to Keiko. While cleaning up with tissues after a passionless bout of sex with her, Kudō tells Keiko that Yoshida is sick, and that she should visit him. Tamura awakens with a hangover in bed with Mika. Because he doesn't remember the night before, Mika offers to have sex with him again. Tamura is confused and reluctant, but Mika persists. Meanwhile at the restaurant, Shōko tells Kudō she isn't sure she loves him. While performing fellatio on him she comments that men taste bitter, but sweet. In the hospital, Yoshida is surprised by Keiko's visit. Yoshida advises Keiko not to go through with the divorce because he is alone in the world after his own divorce. He then has another attack. In the waiting room Kudō tells Keiko that Yoshida actually has cancer, but that he has not been told. Back in the hospital room, Keiko tells Yoshida that he is not alone in the world. Kudō overhears as Keiko explains that Minoru, her oldest boy, is actually Yoshida's son. Sitting in the park, Keiko tells Kudō that Yoshida was not bitter or angry after she left him for Kudō. Handing Kudō an application for divorce, she asks if he can still love Minoru. Later on a train with her two boys Keiko tells Minoru that they're going to meet someone who wants to see him. Minoru asks, "Who? Daddy?" She answers, "Well, yes."{{cite video}}<ref namehttp://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~p-g/data/2004/040910/torareta.htm|title2010-07-19|languageP.G. Web Site}}
26358395	2	The film opens with another gym killing, yet another in a killing spree by an unknown person, who only attacks local spas and gyms. Among those investigating are Mike 'Sully' Sullivan , Wyznowski  and Yamata . at the crime scene, Sulley spots a mysterious man leaving, and does not believe him to be one of the police force. They find that there was one sole survivor, a young woman who hid in her locker, and is currently at the hospital, under heavy medication. While visiting her, Sulley recognizes the same man from early, who actually questioned the young woman, as she believed him to be a cop. Sulley and Wyznowski give chase, with Sulley eventually managing to take down the man with his own taser. At the station, he still refuses to talk, but Sulley stills believes him to be the killer. Unable to hold him, another attack takes place against a strip club, leaving many dead. While the police give chase, Sulley sneaks into the man's apartment, discovering many alien gadgets. he finds many unseen corners when putting on a pair of glasses, but when he leaves, he ends up in the same car as the man, who is trying to take down the hunter. However, his truck is invisible, and Sulley and warden put on their glasses to spo him. Warden tries to take out his tyres, and they both end up crashing. Sulley shoots the hunter, but to no avail. Warden stops the hunter, but hesitates to kill him, allowing him to escape. Warden reveals he is the same species, and was unable to bring himself to kill him. However, an explosion severed the hunter's arm, which Sulley takes for analysis while warden flees the scene. Sulley has also picked up some of the hunter's weapons, which he also turns over. while Yamata is analysing the arm, it attacks him, trying to choke him. The hunter then enters behind him, strangling him to death before re-attaching his arm. Meanwhile, Sulley and Wyznowski learn that the guns bullets are capable of chasing people down like a heat seeking missile. Wyznowski is cynical and fires the gun, killing himself. Meanwhile, the hunter goes on a killing spree in the police station, taking each of guns along the way. Warden appears and manages to save Sulley, while the hunter takes his bazooka and leaves. That night, Sulley finds Warden near a warehouse, but Warden reveals he had a trap set, until Sulley came and ruined it. They argue about species, and Warden reveals that his kind killed the dinosaurs and made their skins into jackets, thus leaving their kind extinct. The hunter appears and attacks, causing the two to take shelter within the warehouse. Warden then sets the "auto destruct" on his spaceship in the warehouse. Warden tries to stop the hunter again, like he did earlier, but the hunter shoots him. Sulley is then forced to play a deadly game of cat and mouse with the hunter, who captures him and prepares to kill him with a knife. Sulley, however, manages to trick him into stabbing a fuse box, electrocuting and killing him. Sulley rushes back to Warden's side as he dies. The "auto destruct" begins its final countdown, with Sulley running out of the warehouse as it blows up. The film ends with Sulley buying a puppy & mouse for his daughters and naming them Warden. as they go inside the house, Sulley's wife looks up at the night sky, leaving us to wonder what else might lie amongst the stars.
17101981	2	Margaret Tate  is the executive editor in chief of a book publishing company. After learning she is about to be deported to Canada because of an expired visa, she persuades her assistant, Andrew Paxton , to marry her. Mr. Gilbertson , informs them that he suspects they are committing fraud to avoid Margaret's deportation. Gilbertson tells them that they'll be asked questions about each other separately. If their answers don't match, Margaret will be deported to Canada and Andrew will be convicted of a felony punishable by a $250,000 fine and five years in prison. Andrew insists that Margaret make him an editor after their marriage and publish his book. Margaret agrees. The couple travels to Sitka, Alaska, Andrew's home town, to meet his family. Margaret meets Andrew's mother Grace  and grandmother Annie a.k.a "Gammy" . During the trip to the family home, Margaret notices that nearly every shop in town carries the name Paxton and learns that Andrew's family is in fact very wealthy. During a welcome home party, Andrew confronts his father, Joe , who is angry about Andrew's dating the boss he has so long disliked and thinks he is using her to get ahead in his career. After their argument, Andrew announces the engagement to everyone. Margaret also meets Gertrude , Andrew's ex-girlfriend. After the party is over, Grace and Gammy show Margaret and Andrew the bedroom they will share during the weekend. The next day, Grace and Annie take Margaret to a local bar to watch a strip dance by a locally famous but over-the-hill exotic dancer, Ramone . Stepping away from the show, Margaret learns from Gertrude that Andrew wanted to become an editor and make his own life and that Andrew had proposed to Gertrude. However, Gertrude refused because she didn't want to leave Sitka for New York. Returning home, Margaret learns of the conflict between Andrew and Joe. That night, Margaret asks Andrew about his relationship with his father, but Andrew refuses to talk. Instead, Margaret opens up to Andrew. The next day, the family convinces them to marry while they're in Sitka. After Margaret realizes how close Andrew's family is, she becomes upset, gets on Andrew's boat, and speeds away from town with him. She tells him she has been alone since she was sixteen years old after her parents died and had forgotten what it felt like to have a family. She lets go of the helm and stumbles to the back of the boat. Andrew makes a sharp turn to avoid hitting a buoy, and Margaret falls out of the boat. Andrew quickly turns the boat around and saves her. At the wedding ceremony, Margaret confesses the truth about the wedding to the guests, including Gilbertson, who informs her she has twenty four hours to leave for Canada. Margaret returns to the Paxton home to pack her things. Andrew rushes to their room only to find Margaret has already left, leaving his book manuscript with a note of praise and a promise to publish it. Gertrude attempts to comfort Andrew and asks if he is going to go after her. As he rushes out of the house to find Margaret, another argument arises between him and Joe. Annie fakes a heart attack and convinces them to reconcile before she "passes away". Annie admits faking the attack. Andrew's parents realize he really loves Margaret. Andrew goes to New York and tells Margaret he loves her in front of the entire office staff. They kiss and then go to Gilbertson and inform him they are again engaged, but for real this time.
26740203	3	Lottery winner Charles Heath  pays a folk singer Herb McGwyer  to visit to his private island and perform for him for a fee of half a million pounds. Isolated from the world, the jaded folk singers' passion for music is slowly reignited.
5098517	2	Tom Stansfield  is a researcher at a publishing company who works under the tyrannical Jack Taylor . Tom has a crush on his boss' daughter, Lisa Taylor , who is completely controlled by her overprotective father. She reveals to Tom that her father is making her house-sit on the same night as a party she wants to attend, but Tom convinces her to stand up to her father and attend the party anyway. Lisa asks him to come to their house that night, leading Tom to think that she has invited him to the party; in reality, she just wants him to fill in for her - he reluctantly agrees. A comedy of errors ensues, including the return of Lisa's older brother, Red, on the run from drug dealers. Red dumps drugs into the toilet, and instead returns a bag of flour to the drug dealer. One of Tom's tasks is to guard their owl, O-J, which lives in an open cage . When the bird drinks from the toilet polluted with drugs, it flies away. Jack Taylor's ex-secretary Audrey goes to the house to try to earn her job back. After fighting with her boyfriend, she stays over at the house. Lisa returns home after finding out that her boyfriend Hans is cheating on her. Tom hides from her everything that happened and she spends some time with him thinking he is homosexual. He clarifies to her that he's a heterosexual and she starts to like him. Audrey's friend thinks she has breast cancer and asks Tom to feel her breasts. Lisa walks in on them and is disgusted by the situation. T.J., the drug dealer, finds out about the fake drugs and threatens to kill Tom if he doesn't return him his money. T.J. tries to open a safe and steal the money. However, Tom gives him sleeping pills mixed with alcohol which sends him into a coma. Because they think T.J. is dead, Audrey and her friends bury him. Later, T.J. escapes from the grave and threatens to kill Lisa. With Red's help, Tom rescues Lisa and she falls in love with him. He then goes to get her father, but on the way back the owl gets into the car making Tom lose control of the car and crash into the house. They find police officers in the house looking for T.J., who ends up getting arrested. Jack Taylor is enraged by the damages done to the house and throws Tom out. The next day, Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes back to Tom. Jack realizes his mistakes and gives Tom a promotion.
17961967	1	The story is built around a montage of scenes that were omitted or censored from four of Marins' earlier films: Awakening of the Beast, This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse, The Bloody Exorcism of Coffin Joe and The Strange World of Coffin Joe. Marins filmed approximately 35 minutes of new scenes, also adding the characters to the plot. Marins portrays himself as well as the character of Coffin Joe in the film. The story is built around Dr.Hamílton, a psychiatrist who is terrorized by nightmares in which Coffin Joe tries to steal his wife. His colleagues decide to seek medical help with the assistance of filmmaker Jose Mojica Marins , who tries to reassure Dr. Hamílton that Coffin Joe is merely a creation of his mind<ref namehttp://www.heco.com.br/mojica/filmes/03_19.php|titleAraújo|first 2005 |publisherPortuguese|accessdate=31 December 2009}}.
685440	2	Stanley Moon  is a dissatisfied introverted young man who works in a Wimpy's restaurant and admires, from afar, the waitress Margaret . Despairing of his unrequited infatuation, he is in the process of an incompetent suicide attempt, when he is interrupted by the Devil himself, incarnated as George Spiggott . Spiggott is in a contest with God, trying to be the first to gather 100 billion souls. If he achieves this first, he will be readmitted to Heaven. In return for his soul, Spiggott offers Stanley seven wishes. Stanley consumes these opportunities in trying to satisfy his lust for Margaret, but Spiggott twists his words to frustrate any consummation of desire. On the last occasion, he reincarnates Stanley as a nun in a convent: whilst being specific about nearly every other aspect of the wish, he has forgotten to specify his gender and vocation, and Spiggott mischievously takes full advantage of that. Spiggott fills the time between these episodes with acts of minor vandalism and petty spite, incompetently assisted by the personification of the seven deadly sins, notably Lust  and Envy . Meanwhile, Margaret finds the noose from Stanley's suicide attempt, as well as his suicide note, and accompanies a police inspector looking for signs of Stanley's corpse. The police inspector also seems to be interested in seducing Margaret, and is dismayed by Margaret's sudden interest in Stanley after his disappearance. He is a largely amoral character who searches for evidence of Stanley's suicide only so he can seduce Margaret. Ultimately, Spiggott spares Stanley eternal damnation out of pity , and Stanley returns to his old job, wiser and more clear-sighted. Spiggott then goes to Heaven to meet God, but is rejected again, and St Peter explains that when he gave Stanley back his soul, Spiggott did the right thing for the wrong motive . In the closing scene, Stanley and Margaret are back in the restaurant. Stanley asks her out, but she says she has plans. Spiggott tries to entice Stanley again, but Stanley turns him down. Spiggott leaves and threatens revenge on God by unleashing all the tawdry and shallow technological curses of the modern age: :"All right, you great git, you've asked for it. I'll cover the world in Tastee-Freez and Wimpy Burgers. I'll fill it full of concrete runways, motorways, aircraft, television and automobiles, advertising, plastic flowers and frozen food, supersonic bangs. I'll make it so noisy and disgusting that even you'll be ashamed of yourself. No wonder you've so few friends — you're unbelievable!"  # Stanley wishes to be more "articulate". George turns him into a talkative and somewhat pretentious intellectual with an exaggerated Welsh accent. Margaret becomes an equally pretentious character, and enthusiastically agrees with all of Stanley's beliefs. They visit the zoo, where they encounter George collecting donations for "the Society for the Advancement of Depraved Criminals". Then they catch the bus back to Stanley's apartment. Stanley discusses Freud and Rousseau with Margaret, and, with the intent of seducing her, stresses the importance of breaking free from one's social and moral constraints. When Stanley makes his move, however, she is horrified and starts screaming 'rape', revealing that all the talk was only ego-preening. # In this wish, Stanley is a "multi-millionaire" and Margaret is his "very physical" wife. But, it turns out she is "very physical" with anyone BUT him . . . including George. # In the third wish, Stanley is a rock star, singing out passionately for affection. However, his fame is short lived, and is usurped by a newcomer called "Drimble Wedge and the Vegetations"  who sings drably about his disinterest in anyone except himself. Margaret is a vapid and excitable groupie. Probably a parody of the British Psychedelia movement and artists like Syd Barrett. # Stanley literally becomes a fly on the wall in a morgue, where the inspector is showing Margaret various dead bodies, hoping that she will identify one as Stanley. Stanley is injured by a can of fly spray, and exits the wish after some difficulty in blowing a raspberry. # George promises Stanley a wish where he has a quiet life in the countryside, with children playing in the front yard of his house, and Margaret making the anniversary dinner. It soon becomes apparent, however, that Margaret is actually George's wife. While deeply in love, even the attempt to consummate their affection drives both Stanley and Margaret into emotional agony. # Stanley attempts to dictate a wish that George cannot ruin, and wishes that he and Margaret were two pious people who lived in isolation from the "false glitter" of the big city and would always be together. However, because Stanley doesn't specify the gender he wants to be in the wish, George turns him into a nun named Sister Luna , a Sisters of the Order of Saint Beryl, or Leaping Beryllians, who glorify their founder by jumping on trampolines . # It is revealed that Stanley has already wished for his seventh wish. Before signing the contract, George offers him any wish to prove that he is the Devil. Stanley wishes for a Frobisher and Gleeson Raspberry Ice lolly. However, he is unaware that this counts as a wish until he is unable to escape his sixth wish.
5047484	2	A mutated bird flu virus spreads across the world. As panic spreads, the governor of Virginia quarantines neighborhoods where cases have cropped up, and federal officials confess they have no vaccine and scant supplies of antiviral drugs. Major socioeconomic disruption sets in, with shortages of food and medical supplies, power outages, and riots in the streets of New York. A second civil war even erupts in the United States. Eventually, the pandemic begins to subside. But in the final scene, the discovery that an entire Angolan village was wiped out by a new mutation of the virus and a second wave of cases will begin causes further panic.CIDRAP
536009	2	{{Plot}} Tom Ripley is a young man struggling to make a living in 1950s New York City using his "talents" &mdash; forgery, lying and impersonation. While working at a party, playing the piano in a borrowed Princeton jacket, he is approached by the wealthy shipbuilder Herbert Greenleaf, who believes Ripley to be an actual graduate of the university and a friend of his son, Dickie. Herbert recruits Ripley to travel to Italy to persuade Dickie to return home to the United States, for which he will pay Ripley $1000. Ripley accepts the proposal, though he did not attend Princeton and has never met Dickie. Shortly after his arrival in Italy, Ripley contrives an "accidental" meeting on the beach with Dickie and his girlfriend, Marge Sherwood, and quickly insinuates himself into their lives. On one of their outings together, Dickie and Ripley meet Dickie's friend Freddie Miles, who treats Ripley with barely concealed contempt. Things begin to change after a local girl, whom Dickie had made pregnant, drowns herself when he refuses to help her financially. Soon afterward, Dickie begins to tire of his new friend, resenting his constant presence and suffocating dependence, especially after surmising that Ripley has been lying about their days together at Princeton. Ripley's own feelings are complicated by his desire to maintain the opulent lifestyle Dickie has afforded him, and by his growing sexual obsession with his new friend. As a gesture to Ripley, Dickie agrees to travel with him on a short holiday to San Remo. The two hire a small boat and head out to sea together. Dickie lashes out when Ripley confronts him about his behavior and his sexual feelings towards him, and a fight ensues in which Ripley strikes Dickie with an oar in a fit of rage. Dickie attacks him, and Ripley beats him to death with the oar. To conceal his crime, he scuttles the boat, with Dickie's body still on board, before swimming to shore. When the hotel concierge mistakes him for Dickie, Ripley suddenly realizes he can assume Dickie's identity. He forges Dickie's signature, modifies his passport, and begins living off his allowance. He uses Dickie's typewriter to communicate with Marge and makes her believe that Dickie has deserted her. He even checks into two separate hotels as himself and as Dickie and passes messages between "them" via the hotel staff, thus providing the illusion that Dickie is still alive. Ripley rents an expensive apartment in Rome and spends a lonely Christmas buying expensive presents for himself. Freddie visits what he assumes to be Dickie's apartment, and is immediately suspicious of Ripley; the apartment is not furnished in what he considers to be Dickie's style, while Ripley appears to have copied Dickie's dress and manner perfectly. On his way out, Freddie meets the landlady, who refers to Ripley as "Signor Greenleaf." Freddie, realizing the mystery has been solved, goes back to confront Ripley, who ambushes and then murders him. Over the next few weeks, Ripley's existence becomes a "cat-and-mouse" game with the police and Dickie's friends. His predicament is complicated by the presence of Meredith Logue, an heiress he met upon his arrival in Italy and to whom he introduced himself as Dickie Greenleaf before he had met Dickie. Ripley forges a suicide note in Dickie's name and moves to Venice. In quick succession, Marge, Herbert, and an American private detective, Alvin MacCarron, confront Ripley. Marge, in particular, suspects Ripley's involvement in Dickie's death; when she expresses her suspicions, Ripley prepares to murder her. He is interrupted when Marge's friend, Peter Smith-Kingsley, enters the apartment. The private detective reveals that Mr. Greenleaf has decided to give Ripley a substantial portion of Dickie's income, with the understanding that certain sordid details about his son's past, such as a vicious assault on a male student at Princeton, Dickie's having impregnated the Italian girl, and Dickie's having been seen driving off with Freddie on the last night Freddie was seen alive and removing that car's license plates  not be revealed to the Italian police. Ripley goes on a cruise with Smith-Kingsley, now his lover, only to discover that Meredith is also on board. Ripley realizes it will be impossible to keep Smith-Kingsley from discovering that he has been passing himself off as Dickie, since Smith-Kingsley and Meredith know each other and would certainly exchange words later on the cruise. He cannot solve this dilemma by murdering Meredith, as she is traveling with family who would quickly notice her disappearance. The film concludes with a sobbing Ripley strangling Smith-Kingsley in the latter's bed and going back to his cabin, alone.
35641677	2	Kannan and Rajesh are two young and impoverished school dropouts who aspire to start their own Cycle Repair Shop. Both plan to conduct a Cricket Tournament to make the money required to rent deposit a premises for the shop. Fate intervenes and their friendship is tested. Does Kannan get to start the business or does Rajesh continue his studies? This forms the climax of this film.
750694	2	Three years after the first film, Stuart Little questions his ability after a grueling soccer match alongside George, who kicked him with a soccer ball. He becomes even more downhearted after George's toy airplane gets broken in an accident because of him. However, Stuart's father, Frederick Little, tells him that for every Little, there is a "silver lining", a good thing that comes out of an apparently bad situation. On his way home from school, Stuart saves a female canary named Margalo who is being pursued by a peregrine falcon, and they become friends. But she is secretly working with Falcon to case and steal from households. When he presses her to find and take an object of value, or lose the sanctuary he promised her, she can't seem to concentrate on her assignment, as she is beginning to fall in love with Stuart. Falcon eventually loses patience and threatens to kill him if she doesn't deliver. Worried for his safety, she takes Eleanor Little's diamond ring. When the Littles see that the ring is missing, they think it has fallen down the sink. Stuart offers to be lowered down the drain on a string to get it, and nearly succeeds. When it breaks Margalo saves him, and his thanks to her only makes her feel even more guilty, so she decides to leave. When he can't find her, he assumes she has been kidnapped - and that Falcon is somehow involved. He leaves on a quest to rescue her with the household's reluctant cat Snowbell, but not before setting up a plan with George. Stuart and Snowbell enlist the help of Monty, who tells them that Falcon's lair is at the disused observation deck of the nearby Pishkin Building. They use balloons to get Stuart to the top, where he finds out that Margalo is Falcon's slave, and was forced to take the ring. He tries to save her, but Falcon captures him, and drops him in a garbage truck. Unaware of this, Margalo tells Snowbell that Falcon killed Stuart. On a garbage scow where he has ended up, Stuart blames himself for everything, and has almost lost all hope. Suddenly, he finds George's broken plane, fixes it up, and flies to save Margalo, who, having been freed by Snowbell, just fled from Falcon. The Littles, who have discovered his absence and whereabouts follow him by taxi as he begins an aerial adventure through the park, with Margalo at his side. They lose Falcon, but he catches up and makes an attempt to kill Stuart, when he detaches the plane's upper wing, damaging the main one and causing it to enter a steep nose dive, which fails when Stuart recovers from the dive, nearly missing the Littles. Unable to run from Falcon, he lets Margalo off. He turns and flies the damaged plane in a kamikaze run while Falcon goes into an attack dive. He uses Mrs. Little's ring to temporarily blind him, and jumps out using a bandana as a parachute. The kamikaze attack works and Falcon is struck head on and defeated. Although he survives the attack, he falls out of the sky and lands in a garbage can that Monty is scavenging in, and is presumably eaten by him, but not before Stuart falls when his parachute is sliced apart by the propeller of the shattered plane, and then is rescued by Margalo. Stuart is congratulated by his family, and Margalo, who gives Mrs. Little her ring back, and Snowbell reunites with them as well. That evening, Margalo leaves with the other birds to migrate south, but not before saying goodbye to her friends. Stuart says the "silver lining" is that she'll be back in the spring, and his baby sister, Martha, says her first words: "Bye bye, birdie.", as the family head inside to the comfort of their home.
13579442	2	Wealthy Kishan Oberoi  has two sons: Dilip  and Ashish . He does not trust them and is overly devoted to his grandson Raj (Govinda, who reciprocates his favoritism. One day following an accident Raj becomes brain damaged, and the two brothers begin an evil conspiracy which involves murdering their father and disinheriting their disabled nephew who mysteriously disappears. A look-alike to Raj, Banne Khan  is posed in his place and his wife, Salma Khan , poses as his nurse, as they attempt to gain financially at the expense of the Oberoi family. In the end, it is revealed that Banne and Salma are police officers who learned of Dilip and Ashish's plans from Raj. When Raj had his accident, he met Banne who saved him and Banne posed as him. As a result, he plays hilarious tricks on members of the family who are part of the conspiracy.
29153320	2	Sulabha Mahajan  is a woman who dreams to step out of the four walls of the house, assume greater responsibility as a citizen and play an important role in shaping the society. She has passion to do something constructive for the abused, assaulted, neglected and traumatized womenfolk of the society she lives in. She gets a job offer as Superintendent of a Women's Reformatory Home in a remote town of Sangamwadi. The job offer raises objections from her lawyer husband Subhash  and conservative mother-in-law who refuse to understand her need to move to the town and work for rehabilitation of the women. But her sister-in-law supports her by offering help in looking after her young daughter Rani. Determined Sulabha then goes ahead with her dream job. She meets various challenges in her new endeavor. She starts with bringing discipline in the Home and also discovers frauds that take place there. But she is not helped by the managing committee which is filled with selfish and careless people. She hence decides to take steps against their sanction. She starts some classes to educate willing women and also marries off one of the inmates in order to give a new start to her life. She discovers how a local MLA Bane has been regularly using the inmates of the home to satisfy his sexual needs. Two of the inmates decide to run away but are forcefully brought back to the home. They both commit suicide by burning themselves. Sulabha is then questioned by committee and newspapers for her improper control on the home. An administrative enquiry is set up against her. It is then that she decides to resign and give up all her work and return home. When she returns back to her home she is happily welcomed by her sister-in-law but not so much by her mother-in-law. She then comes to know that her husband Subhash has been involved with another woman in her absence. His betrayal changes her mind and she again sets off to follow her dream work.
770242	2	A deadly plague is ravaging the Earth, known as the Purple Death because of the spot left on victims' foreheads. Ming the Merciless is suspected to be behind the plague and it is discovered that his spaceships have been dropping "Death Dust" in the Earth's atmosphere. Flash Gordon, along with Dr. Alexis Zarkov and Dale Arden, is sent to the planet Mongo to find a possible cure for the plague. They eventually find an antidote, called polarite in the Kingdom of Frigia. Flash and Zarkov distribute the antidote the same way the original Death Dust was spread. Ming sends an army of robot bombs after the three and he succeeds in capturing Zarkov for a short time before Flash frees him. The trio continue to battle Ming and his allies. Ming's Captain Torch is the "head villain" of this serial. He is in charge of stopping the Earthlings. Before Flash and his team leaves, they kill Ming by locking him in a tower and crashing a rocket ship loaded with Solarite into it. Prince Barin takes his rightful place as ruler of Mongo. Ming's last words are "I am the universe!". Zarkov announces that Flash Gordon has conquered the universe.
19664801	3	In 1745, Flora MacDonald plays a Jacobite song on the piano and is scolded by her stepfather for its seditious nature. In Italy, James, the Old Pretender, wants to make another attempt at regaining the English throne but is worried that he is too old. It is decided to send his son, Charles. Charles arrives in Scotland and meets Donald, a Scottish shepherd, who he asks to send a message to the Scottish nobles, asking them to meet him at his ship. King George II is warned about the impending invasion but is not worried. Charles tries to persuade the nobles to fight for him and most agree, except for Lord MacDonald, who is concerned about the lack of French support. The clans rally to Charles, including Lord George Murray, and proclaim their loyalty to James. The rebellion begins. Charles is accompanied by another shepherd, Blind Jimmie. Charles and his men enter Edinburgh in triumph. Clementina Walkinshaw throws him a rose and they meet at a dance and begin a romance. General Cope arrives with government troops and Lord Murray does not want to tell Charles about it, thinking little of his military ability, but the prince finds out. Charles recommends they attack and the Highlanders defeat the British at the Battle of Prestonpans in seven minutes. Charles and his forces then invade England. King George II starts to panic and sends his son, the Duke of Cumberland, to fight him. At Derby, only 127 miles from London, Lord Murray and the army council recommend a retreat, as further support has failed to materialise. Charles opposes this but the retreat goes ahead anyway. Charles is upset and seeks solace with Clementina, who encourages him to leave for France with her, but he elects to stay with his men. The Duke of Cumberland defeats the Highlanders at the Battle of Culloden  but is unable to find and capture Charles. Charles flees to the islands with Donald, and is hidden by Flora MacDonald. MacDonald helps him evade the government troops looking for him, during the course of which at one stage he has to dress as a woman. MacDonald keeps Charles' spirits high, and he manages to get on a boat to take him back to Italy.
10612031	2	{{Plot}} A ship arrives in port with four passengers: Major H. O. Jones , a British businessman with a letter of invitation to do business with the government; an elderly American couple, Mr and Mrs Smith  who have the idea of investing in the nation to set up a vegetarian complex for education and nutrition for the locals; and the central character, a cynical, washed-up individual named Brown, portrayed by Richard Burton. Upon arrival Major Jones presents his credentials to Captain Concasseur , a law enforcement officer, who notices that the official who invited Jones has been deposed and imprisoned. Concasseur and his men rough up and imprison Jones. Brown has been bequeathed a hotel in the capital from his late mother but has been unable to sell it in his trip to New York. Brown also has an ongoing affair with Martha , the wife of the British ambassador Pineda . When Martha and Brown have an argument, Brown goes to Mere Catherine's brothel where he discovers that not only has Jones been released, but he's a guest of Captain Concasseur and is being treated to enjoying the hospitality of Brown's favourite tart, Marie Therese . Jones has gained the favour of the new regime who are keen to receive a supply of arms that they have paid a down payment on. Jones claims the weapons are impounded in a warehouse in Miami, but the weapons may be imaginary and a confidence trick by Jones. The government will not allow Jones to leave the island until they are sure the weapons exist. Mr Smith, a former Vegetarian Party candidate for the Presidency of the United States against Harry S. Truman, is given a tour of the new capital, an empty shambles called Duvalierville. During the evening he and Mrs Smith follow a local procession that they believe is a religious ceremony but turns out to be an audience for executions by firing squad. The evening's fun and frivolities continue as Captain Concasseur and his men enter Brown's hotel and beat him up until Mrs Smith bluffs the thugs into leaving by announcing that she will inform her husband, the American Presidential Candidate. The Smiths depart the next day. Brown watches as the Duvalier regime seeks to put down any dissent with an iron fist. He becomes friends with Dr. Magiot , the rebel leader. As Brown becomes a reluctant participant in the planned insurrection, the rebels recruit Major Jones to provide military leadership. Jones has been regaling the other expatriates with his tales of heroism as a commando officer in the Burma Campaign that Brown does not quite believe. Brown hosts a meeting of the group, including Magiot, Jones, and Ambassador Pineda. But trouble ensues soon thereafter – Duvalier’s spies from the Tonton Macoute are watching Brown’s Hotel Trianon and his every step. The day after the meeting, three assassins confront Magiot while he’s performing surgery, and cut his throat with a scalpel knife in the operating theatre. Upon learning of the brutal murder, Brown reluctantly agrees to drive Jones, who escapes by dressing as Brown's female cook wearing drag and blackface, into the countryside to the rebel base under the cover of night. When picking him up that evening, he realizes that Jones has apparently become involved with Martha Pineda. Brown leaves town with him in a jealous rage, and the inebriated Jones makes matters worse by bragging about his conquest. Driving carelessly up the treacherous, winding road, Brown hits an embankment and breaks the car’s front axle. The two continue their journey on foot, arriving at a remote cemetery, the designated meeting point, too late. They settle in for the night with Jones admitting that his jungle war stories were total fabrication; his wartime career was running a cinema in India. In the morning, the omnipresent Captain Concasseur and Tonton Macoute accost Brown as he tries to find rebels in the area. They demand to know where Jones is, but Brown denies that the Major is there. As soon as Brown has finished speaking, a sleepy Jones approaches, unaware of the Macoute’s presence. The two command him to stop, but Jones turns around and runs uphill into the cemetery. They open fire, killing Jones. Then they order Brown to get into their jeep with them. As he does so, shots from rebels ring out, and the two drop dead. Upon being asked about Major Jones, Brown tells the two rebels in dismay: "You arrived two minutes too late." He then shows them the body of Jones. The two rebels then plead with Brown to assume the role of Jones, seeing this as the only hope they have left. Brown hesitates, commenting that he is no military man. But he finally relents after being asked whether he wants to continue living like this. After a long walk, the three meet up with a small, ragtag group of poorly equipped rebels. The group buys the deception, believing that Brown is Jones, and he gives a cynical, taunting speech, apparently without being understood, since the rebels speak French and he English. The camera then cuts to the Pinedas, as they are about to leave the island. Petit Pierre , a journalist friend of Brown, sees them off, telling them about a battle between government troops and rebels, and stating that two rebels have been killed noting that one of the rebels was "unidentified". The Pinedas’ plane takes off, and Martha notices smoke on a hillside of the island. The question whether Brown has survived the skirmish remains unanswered, although Petit Pierre's cryptic remarks on the two rebels killed in the recent battle between government forces and rebels seem to indicate that Brown was the unidentified rebel who was killed in the fighting.
19161747	2	Johnny  is living with Louis Galt , her rich English lover. Galt has promised Johnny that once he manages to divorce his present wife, the two will marry. However, as time passes Galt does not appear to be making any efforts in keeping his promsie. Johnny eventually becomes enamored of Pierre Clemont , a poor French artist. Before, Johnny can truly break it off with Galt, he is found dead. She and Pierre are immediately accused of being the murderers. The two run away but are being closely followed by the actual murderer.
2155481	2	For the past 33 years Jeremiah Hill has lived alone, with no contact with the outside world, and he intends to keep it that way. Jeremiah's mother  had always warned him not to associate with the outside world, and her brutal rape and killing right before his eyes taught him a lesson he intends never to forget; and those who enter his world will pay a deadly price. As Lehman  and his five friends from Los Angeles start their weekend camping trip they run into Tyler Trout  and Floyd Fryed  who represent the gateway into this distorted world that they are about to enter. These things just don't happen in the small mountain town of Sheriff Talmidge  and Deputy Kevin Gordon . By stumbling upon this lonely cabin in the woods, the men have shattered 33 years of solitude in Jeremiah's world. Soon their weekend trip of hiking and camping will become a nightmare of survival.
9830383	3	Terry Jones first journeys to Africa, where bones have been discovered with notches in them. However, there is no actual way of knowing if they were used for counting. Jones then discusses the Ishango Bone, which must have been used for counting, because there are 60 scratches on each side of the bone. Jones declares this "the birth of one"; a defining moment in history of mathematics. He then journeys to Sumer. Shortly after farming had been invented and humans were starting to build houses, they started to represent 1 with a token. With this, it was possible for the first time in history to do arithmetic. They would enclose a certain number of tokens in a clay envelope and imprint the number of tokens on the outside. However, it was realized that you could simply write the number on a clay tablet. To explore why the development of numbers occurred here and not some other place, Jones travels to Australia and meets a tribe called the Walpri. In their language, there are no words for numbers. When an individual is asked how many grandchildren he has, he simply replies he has "many", while he in fact has four. In Egypt, the numeral system provides a fascinating glimpse of Egyptian society, and it went something like this. One was a line, ten was a rope, a hundred a coil of rope, a thousand a lotus, a symbol of pleasure, ten thousand was a commanding finger, and a hundred thousand, a number that the Sumerians would never dreamed of, was a million{{Clarify}}; the first ever million. The symbol for it was a prisoner begging for forgiveness. The Egyptians had a standard unit, the cubit, which was instrumental for building wonders such as the pyramids. Terry Jones then journeys to Greece to cover the time of Pythagoras. Jones discusses with mathematician Marcus de Sautoy Pythagoras' obsession with numbers, his secret society, his dedication to numbers, the Pythagorean theorem, and his flawed belief that all things could be measured in units. Archimedes was also in love with numbers. He tried to see what would happen if you took a sphere and turned it into a cylinder. This concept would later be applied to map making. Archimedes lived in Syracuse which at the time was at war with Rome. Archimedes was killed by a Roman soldier while working on a mathematical problem. The Romans were not interested in maths, and as a result mathematics declined. The Roman numeral system was clumsy and inefficient. One reason that Terry Jones theorizes might be the reason, was the fact that the numerals that the Romans used were basically the old-fashioned lines of the Ishango bone. Jones discusses India's invention of a more efficient numeral system, including the invention of the concept of zero. He explains how the concept traveled West to the Caliphate. Then it arrived in Italy where it met fierce resistance. The reason for this was because most people were familiar only with the Roman numerals and not the superior Indian numerals. Eventually, the Hindu-Arabic numerals displaced the Roman ones. Jones discusses finally how Gottfried Leibniz invented the binary system, which is the foundation for modern digital computers. He planned on building a mechanical computer to use this system, but never followed through with the plan. Leibniz was convinced that 1 and 0 were the only numbers anyone really needed. In 1944, a computer called Colossus was used to crack enemy codes during World War II. Computers like Colossus evolved into modern computers, which are used for every type of number calculation.
16228326	2	Florent  and his wife Elise  always had one dream: to own a restaurant. When they meet a strange old man, Egon Ratablavasky , their dream becomes a reality, but only to quickly turn into a nightmare when they sadly discover they have been tricked by him and lose everything.
353369	2	Having first lost his wife then his job as a tweed tailor, Alex Ponttin  has devised a novel way to keep himself in touch with society. He admits himself into people’s homes, by pretending to be a relative or an official, and persuading his victims to give him a night’s free board: He finds at first a lunch at the horrible couple Dumont , where a thief follows him for a robbery. Alex spent an evening in front of TV at Marie , mother of seven children. He runs from Marie to find an evening and a new bed at the home of charming but shy lesbian Caroline (Claude Jade from [[Bed and Board  and her funny lover Gloria . To save her inheritance, Caroline - accused for her homosexuality by her horrible sister Catherine  - tells her aunt Amélie , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover. So Alex has to present himself nude in Caroline's bed. He saves Carolines inheritance. Fortunately, the police officers (Jean-Claude Dreyfus from [[Delicatessen  investigating the case are so terminally stupid that Alex has little chance of being arrested… As in many of Jean-Pierre Mocky’s films, there is a strong anti-establishment, almost anarchist sub-text. This is manifested in the way that the self-proclaimed moral figures  are presented in this film, but also in the elevation of Alex Ponttin  to the status of a public hero at the end of the film. Whilst society and state sink into a numbing inertia, bereft of integrity and humanity, it is left to the eccentrics, the outsiders like worried Caroline , who is attacked by her sister and her aunt because the secret of her homosexuality, to build a more cohesive society and a better world. Michel Serrault excels in this off-the-wall satirical comedy which makes a bizarre assessment of modern life. He plays an impish vagrant who uses his new-found freedom to improve the lives of his fellow man, by briefly insinuating himself into their lives. Bonsoir goes much further and suggests that whole of modern society, not only the police, is culpable of mediocrity and moral laxity. It takes an outsider like Alex Ponttin, free from the bonds of modern living, to point the way to a better future.
27199407	2	The film takes place in Burma and India during World war II. A British officer falls in love with his Japanese instructor at military language school. They began a romance but she is regarded as the enemy and she is not accepted by his countrymen. Later, he is captured by the Japanese army when he is patrolling with a brigadier and a Indian driver in a Japanese-controlled zone. He escapes and returns to his own lines, only to discover that his fiancée is suffering from a brain tumor and dies.
19960374	2	Reading a newspaper article about the search for the remains of the Struma, which sunk carrying Jewish refugees from Axis-allied Romania to Palestine, Goldman is shocked when his grandmother reveals that his great-great-grandfather Luzer was one of the more than 700 passengers who perished that day in the waters of the Black Sea. This once-unspoken family history leads Goldman to dig deeper and further, until he has revealed a narrative that is deeply complex, and says more about his legacy than his ancestors ever hoped to share. At the center of this narrative is Goldman’s great-grandfather, Luger’s son Grisha, a man whose tenacity earned him the professional nickname, Le Grand Akshan, or “the truly stubborn one.” Goldman once considered his great-grandfather a source of embarrassment because of the corny middle name he inherited from the mysterious “man with the sharp, piercing look” whose picture hung in his grandmother’s study. He is shocked to learn the central role that Grisha played in helping his family escape the Holocaust. His heroics involved a harrowing series of moves that took him to Romania, Iraq, India and, eventually, the young state of Israel, where Grisha entered the nascent cinema industry. Goldman becomes fascinated with his great-grandfather, and the drive to learn more about him fuels Goldman to complete the film.
226562	2	Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy  is a former golf prodigy who has little ambition. He owns a driving range in West Texas, where he drinks and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar  and their friends. Dr. Molly Griswold , a clinical psychologist, wants a golf lesson. She asks Roy because he knows her boyfriend David Simms , a top professional golfer. Roy is immediately attracted, but she sees through his charm and resists. Simms shows up at Roy's trailer ahead of a local benefit tournament. Roy thinks Simms is offering him an invitational spot to play, but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddy . During the round, Roy needles Simms about "laying up" instead of having the nerve to go for the green, 230 yards away over a water hazard. Simms fires back that Roy's problem is playing recklessly instead of playing the percentages. Roy brags that he could make it, and spectators make bets among themselves that Roy could. Simms warns Roy that he'll fire him if he tries, but Roy does anyway, making a brilliant shot. To get even, Roy decides to try to qualify for the U.S. Open. He also makes a play for Molly, seeking her professional help. Molly agrees to help Roy rebuild his self-confidence in exchange for the golf lessons. In two qualifying rounds, with Romeo as caddy, Roy's golf is excellent but his head needs help. He continues to resist playing safely, smashing most of his clubs  in a snit that causes Romeo to quit, but still manages to qualify. Following the round, he makes a wager with Simms that costs him his car. He persuades Romeo to go along as caddy, but develops a problem with his golf swing. On the first day of the tournament in North Carolina he shoots a horrible 83. Meanwhile, Molly gets a glimpse of Simms' unpleasant side when he arrogantly refuses to give a child an autograph. Molly sees that trying to change Roy is a mistake and encourages him to be himself. At her suggestion, Roy wins another silly wager with Simms, the leader after the first round. Then with renewed confidence, "Tin Cup," a nobody from nowhere, shocks the golf world with a remarkable record second round of 62, making the cut. His third round is also excellent and moves him into contention. His flaw, though, is that on all three rounds, he refused to lay up on the par-5 18th hole, hitting the ball into the pond. On the last day, Roy, Simms and real-life PGA Tour pro Peter Jacobsen  are in a three-way battle to be the Open's Champion. Jacobsen finishes with a par on 18, tied for the lead with Roy and one shot ahead of Simms. Simms yet again lays up at the 18th hole, playing it safe. Roy should do likewise, but over Romeo's objections and urged by Molly to "go for it," he takes his fateful shot which finally carries the green. However, a "little gust from the Gods" causes his ball to roll back into the pond. Reminiscent of his blow-up back in college when he failed to qualify for the Tour, Roy tries to hit the same shot repeatedly, with the same heart-breaking result. With one last ball in his bag, Roy risks not only being humiliated but being disqualified , but still goes for the green. On his 12th shot, the ball clears the water and slowly rolls into the hole. After a wild celebration, Roy finally realizes what he has done and feels ashamed of himself, but Molly assures him. "Five years from now nobody will remember who won or lost, but they're gonna remember your 12!" Now back in Texas, Molly tells Roy that by finishing in the top 15 at the Open he automatically qualifies to play again next year. She further suggests that he go back to the qualifying school so he can get on the Tour. Molly, who picked up a bunch of new clients at the tournament, prepares for a career of helping players with the mental portion of the game. They kiss passionately as the movie ends. The movie features cameos by PGA pros Gary McCord, Phil Mickelson, Craig Stadler, Johnny Miller, Lee Janzen and Billy Mayfair, as well as TV golf broadcasters Jim Nantz, Ken Venturi and Frank Chirkinian, all playing themselves.
28702937	2	Hong Kong: one week in one of the most exotic and picturesque cities of the world. The movie follows six characters whose lives are all connected in one way or another. The day of changes comes when Amaya  meets a charming Englishman, Paul. Their encounter dramatically changes Amaya's perception of her cultural and personal identity. Their lives change forever. But one thing remains universal, love.
5667662	2	The film is told in an extended flashback. Lorenz Lubota , is a clerk in a minor government office, an aspiring poet, and a member of a family headed by a worrisome mother who has a tense relationship with a daughter, Melanie, whom the mother believes works as a prostitute. While going to work one day, a woman  driving two white horses hits Lorenz in the road. Physically, he is unharmed, but from that point forward, the woman in the carriage  consumes his every thought. His obsession with Veronika costs him his job when he fails to show up for work and threatens his boss for accusing him of stalking her. Believing that his poems are to be published, Lorenz asks his Aunt Schwabe  &mdash; a cutthroat pawnbroker &mdash; for money, which he then uses to buy a new suit. Schwab's assistant, Wigottschinski , encourages Lorenz to celebrate and they reunite with Lorenz's sister, who becomes Wigottschinski's girlfriend. Unable to contact Veronika, who is wealthy and engaged to someone of her own class, Lorenz instead begins courting a golddigger who looks like Veronika , lavishing her with expensive things, all the while reliving the day he was run over in his mind again and again. In the meantime Lorenz's mother's health begins to deteriorate due to her worries over her son's and her daughter's actions, and Lorenz's friend Marie  and her father learn that Lorenz's poems will not be published after all. Wigottschinski swindles more money out of Schwabe and gives Lorenz a sizable amount. However, Aunt Schwabe becomes suspicious and discovers that Lorenz will not be a published poet, and she angrily demands that he pay back the money after three days or else she will notify the police. Desperate, Lorenz agrees to Wigottschinski's plan to break into her house after she has gone to sleep and to steal enough money to pay back the loan. She wakes up and discovers them, running to the window to call for the police. A struggle ensues, and Wigottschinski kills her, while Melanie runs off and eventually briefly reunites with her mother before disappearing. Lorenz is arrested and sent to prison. After his release, the film returns to the present, where Lorenz is finishing writing his life story down, in an attempt to purge his mind from the phantom woman who continually hits him in her carriage. Lorenz also now has a new life with Marie.
26438397	1	A young man  is reincarnated every 25 years, with each life ending in a stay at a mission hotel. There he meets characters from his first life, all of whom are doomed to relive their roles in his life  as well. The cycle will end when his spirit reaches a state of perfection by purging its negative  impulses. Actor John Carradine is The Walker of The World, an otherworldly poet who is there to observe, and record for posterity, the proceedings.
25550414	1	In the late Third Age, Sauron's power is increasing, and he has sent his Orcs to seek out the remnants of the bloodline of Elendil, kept alive in the Dúnedain. Dirhael, his wife Ivorwen and their daughter Gilraen are fleeing from an attack on their village when they are ambushed by Orcs on a forest road, and saved by a group of rangers led by Arathorn. Not having any place safer to go, the refugees go with Arathorn to Taurdal, the village led by his father and Chieftain of the Dúnedain, Arador. While there, Arathorn and Arador ponder the Orcs' motives after finding various pieces of jewelry on their bodies. During her stay in Taurdal, Gilraen falls in love with Arathorn. In light of the attacks on surrounding settlements, Arador leads his forces on a campaign against the Orcs in the area in an attempt to restore peace to the region. Meanwhile, he sends Arathorn separately in an attempt to determine the meaning behind the attacks. Both are successful, and Arathorn discovers the orcs are serving Sauron, who seeks the Ring of Barahir. Arathorn and Gilraen receive Arador's blessing to be wed, but Arathorn cannot summon the courage to ask Dirhael for his daughter's hand. Arador is summoned to Rivendell to seek Elrond's council, and the wedding is postponed until his return. Arathorn eventually confronts Dirhael, and receives permission to marry his daughter. Arathorn and Gilraen are married. A year later, Arador is killed by a hill troll in the Coldfells, making Arathorn the chieftain of the Dúnedain. Gilraen becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Aragorn. Taurdal knows peace for a while, until Elladan and Elrohir come with news from Rivendell. Elrond has sensed that danger is once again threatening the region, and they request that Gilraen and Aragorn be brought back to Rivendell for safekeeping, as is the tradition with all Dúnedain heirs to the chiefdom. Before Arathorn and Gilraen can come to a decision, orcs attack the village. They are beaten off, however, many Rangers fall, and Arathorn's closest friend, Elgarain, is mortally wounded while defending Gilraen. Arathorn then leads the remaining Rangers in pursuit of the stragglers. They are successful, but Arathorn is mortally wounded in the process. Without a chieftain capable of leading them, the Dúnedain abandon Taurdal and go into hiding in small secret settlements in the forests of Rhudaur, while the Elven twins, Elladan and Elrohir, bring Aragorn with his mother Gilraen to Rivendell, and safety.
31718365	2	Cathleen Gillis  falls in love with Jack Herrington . Martin Gillis , Cathleen's loving father, is stern, very religious, and runs an ice cream shop. Cathleen is an obedient daughter and conservative in her views as well. Jack however, has a routine that includes wild parties hosted by his parents, Gladys and John , who think it is better to be their son's friend by their providing bootleg whiskey and a place to have all-night parties. Jack's lifestyle places him at odds with Cathleen's, but he promises her his will change his ways. He backslides several times, but in the end is reformed by Cathleen's love, and they elope. After the elopement, Gladys and John get a stern lecture on temperance and sobriety from Martin and reform their ways as well.
29138388	3	Chorus girls Irene and Joan are discussing the war in their dressing room. Joan flicks through a copy of Picture Post with "Your Country Needs You" on the cover, and says she doesn't think she'd be cut out for war work and doesn't like being made to feel guilty about not volunteering. Irene says she has been thinking about it. As they leave by the stage door, a woman faints on the pavement in front of them. A newspaper seller says that the woman has just finished a 12 hour shift in a munitions factory and is exhausted, and that such long hours are necessary because of the shortage of workers. Irene is spurred to offer to work in munitions and is seen on her first shift being shown the ropes. When she gets home to the flat she shares with Joan, she immediately falls asleep. On her next shift she learns that a co-worker has just been given the news that her son is missing in action. As she comes off her shift, she finds Joan in the changing room, having just volunteered herself. An urgent message comes through that extra bullets are required. Rather than going home to sleep, Irene turns round and goes back to work with Joan.
8660233	1	After a traumatic situation that turns Vega into an agoraphobe, she decides to live like a hermit in an apartment at her father’s suggestion. Her life changes radically as she begins to see the inexplicable and hear the unignorable. As her horrific visions intensify, Vega begins to piece together a dark jigsaw puzzle illuminating evil’s malign power. A series of explosive situations: a sinister presence in the apartment, her neighbor’s bizarre obsession, and a dark forgotten past, bring the story to a chilling, claustrophobic and tense spiral.
958640	2	It is the maiden flight of America's first supersonic transport. Unfortunately, a disgruntled employee  annoyed with his employer—the designer of the aircraft  -- sabotages the hydraulic system, causing a massive leak of hydraulic fluid in-flight. Subsequent repair attempts by the crew cause an explosive decompression that breaks open a medical shipment of Senegal Flu, and the plane is refused landing rights in Europe. The aircraft eventually tries to divert to Senegal  However, there is not enough fuel and the pilots are forced to make an emergency landing in a mountain pass killing all on the plane but a few. Regis Philbin is a TV announcer covering the festivities. The jet is piloted by Robert Reed. Robert Ito is the navigator. Serving on board is steward Billy Crystal. Among the passengers is Bert Convy, playing the airline's publicity man who is having an affair with the model Misty Rowe who is the public face of the new aircraft. Doug McClure plays an ex-pilot who now works for an airline as an aircraft buyer. On boarding the plane he realises the stewardess Tina Louise is an old flame, one he tries to re-ignite. Lorne Greene also stars as the head of the company manufacturing the aircraft. Peter Graves, John de Lancie, and Brock Peters also star as passengers, with Burgess Meredith, Ric Carrott, Susan Strasberg and George Maharis in co-starring roles.
24981628	1	Helen Connelly is a woman whose nephew Michael died fifteen years earlier. She is separated from her husband, Doremus. She is close to Michael's brother, Craig. When mysterious happenings began taking place and she begins receiving phone calls from the supposedly dead Michael, Helen begins to wonder if Michael is really dead or if she is losing touch with reality.
26553782	2	An obnoxious nightclub comedian at Ciro's is drafted into the U.S. Army during the Korean War. At his arrival at his basic training he meets a WAC Lieutenant and romantically pursues her. His activities irritate his drill sergeant and the entire army when he goes Absent without Official Leave for her. He is imprisoned and sentenced to thirty days hard labour that turns him into a soldier. At the end of the film he is shipped overseas to join the Special Services.
10639879	2	After a series of lion dances in the opening minutes, Wong Fei Hung and his once-rival, now friend, find themselves and their martial arts schools pitted against a rival school which uses a kung fu expert Master Shan from the north to do their dirty work, although the expert doesn't realize he is being evil . After his friend Chu-Ying's brother is beat up in a brothel, Fei Hung goes to the rival school to confront them and Master Shan. There is also a mass kung fu “war” in a local theater which is the second highlight of the film, the first being an excellent fight in an alley between Fei Hung and Master Shan. This may be the only role in which Wang Lung Wei as the hero from the north isn't a villain. He fights Wong Fei Hung but once he discovers that he has been tricked by the bad school, he refuses to help them anymore.
20467374	2	The film opens in a Wellington courtroom, where testimony prompts Barbara Leslie to flash back to the events that led to the trial. She and her sisters Anne, Evelyn, and Delia live in Christchurch, where most of the male residents, including their brother Kit and Barbara's new husband Mark, are preparing to leave for World War II duty. Delia announces her engagement to Phil Friskett, known as "Shiner", who is one of the city's few remaining bachelors, but word of Kit's death dampens the celebration. Repressed and judgmental spinster sister Anne disapproves of the upcoming nuptials, but Barbara defends Delia's decision. Within weeks of the marriage, the sisters come to resent Shiner's abuse and are happy to see him leave for active duty. Delia moves to Wellington to work for the Navy. When several hundred United States Marines are shipped to Christchurch following the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, the lonely local women are flattered by the attention they pay them. When Evelyn invites Capt. Richard Bates to dinner, he declines the offer, but not without attracting Anne's eye. Concerned about Delia, Anne sends Barbara to Wellington, where she discovers her sister is registered at the St. George Hotel under her maiden name. Shiner is now a prisoner of war, and Delia has become involved with an American lieutenant named Andy. She plans to divorce Shiner and emigrate to the United States. Andy introduces Barbara to his friend Jack Harding, a soldier investigating the prospective New Zealand brides of American soldiers. Although Barbara intends to remain faithful to her husband, she finds herself attracted to Jack. Back in Christchurch, Anne is outraged by the lewd comments made by American servicemen in the lingerie shop where she works and writes a letter of complaint to the local paper. Following its publication, Richard is sent to the Leslie home to deliver a formal apology on behalf of the Marine Corps. Anne invites him to dinner, and Richard arrives with a gift of perfume for each sister. Anne accuses him of trying to seduce them. Soon after, Barbara and Anne learn of Mark's death and Richard's departure for active duty. He eventually returns to New Zealand to recuperate from an injury, and a romance between him and Anne blossoms. He proposes, but before the required marital investigation can take place, he is given offshore duty, leaving Anne expecting their child and unsure of what the future holds for them. Jack arrives at the Leslie home to conduct his investigation of Anne, and he advises her that wartime romances stem from loneliness rather than love. Barbara tells him his assessment is heartless. Shortly after she discovers Richard's name on the latest casualty list. Weeks later, Jack meets Barbara at a local dance, where she suggests he uses alcohol to avoid intimacy. He breaks down in her arms, and a strong friendship between the two blossoms. Jack celebrates Christmas Eve with the Leslie family, which now includes Anne's newborn son. When he announces his imminent departure for duty, he and Barbara share an amorous embrace. Months later, Evelyn's sweetheart Tommy returns from war and proposes to her. Barbara sees an ad from Richard's mother in a newspaper column containing personal notices from American families and writes to her. Mrs. Bates sends money to finance Anne and her baby's move to Oklahoma to live with Richard's family. As Anne's departure approaches, Delia goes to Wellington to see her off and to meet Shiner, who has just returned from war. He accuses her of infidelity and she demands a divorce so she can leave for America with her lover. Infuriated, Shiner kills his wife with a Japanese sword he brought back from the war. Weeks later, during the murder trial, Jack is forced to reveal his investigation report detailing Delia's many affairs with American soldiers. Upset that her sister's infidelities seemingly have justified her savage murder, Barbara refuses Jack's invitation to leave New Zealand with him. Upon reflection, she packs her belongings and arrives at Jack's hotel to tell him she's ready to embark upon a new life with him.
11638265	2	Talented New York artist Harry Donovan  is an expert forger of famous artists' paintings, but is struggling to become a legitimate artist in his own right. Until now, he has avoided detection by forging third and fourth tier masters, but that is about to change. Frustrated by the cancellation of an exhibition of his paintings, Harry accepts a job forging a long lost Rembrandt for $500,000 from three art dealer clients—Alistair Davies , Ian Hill , and Agachi —against the wishes of his artist father  who wants his son to give up forgery and concentrate on his own work. Despite his father's wishes, Harry takes the job and travels to Amsterdam to study Rembrandt. He decides to forge a never-discovered portrait of the master's blind father lost supposedly off the coast of Spain over 350 years ago. Harry continues his research in Paris, where he meets a beautiful Rembrandt scholar, Professor Marieke van den Broeck , who tells him she is a "student". Harry does not know that one of his main source books was written by Marieke. With her unwitting help, he gains access to an actual Rembrandt being restored at the Louvre from which he obtains scrapings of the original varnish. Soon Harry and Marieke become involved romantically. Harry travels back to Amsterdam, where he paints his "Rembrandt" in an attic studio using period materials and a photograph of his own father as a model.American artist James Gemmill painted the Rembrandt forgery for the film.<ref nameN He then journeys to Spain where he shows his three clients his forged masterpiece. After they find a local farmer who is paid to claim to have "found" the painting, the three clients invite two art experts to examine the painting, and they "confirm" it to be a Rembrandt. They return to London with the painting for a final authentication by a group of experts, which includes Marieke, to Harry's surprise. Several experts agree it is genuine, but Marieke does not. Angered to learn that his clients plan to hold a public auction, Harry tries to take back his painting, is threatened at gunpoint, and defends himself. After Harry makes his escape with the painting, Davies shoots and kills Agachi, and then frames Harry for the murder and the theft of the painting. After eluding arrest, Harry finds Marieke, handcuffs her to his wrist, and together they escape on the Orient Express. Forced to flee the train by the pursuing police, they make their way through the English countryside, eventually splitting up before Harry is finally arrested while attempting to destroy his forgery at Mentmore Towers. During his trial Harry tries to prove his innocence by duplicating the painting in open court to show that the painting is fake. His feelings, however, over his father's recent death and his wish for him to give up forgery prevent him from completing the painting. "Only Rembrandt can paint a Rembrandt," he concludes. Harry is saved when Hill, fearing his partner's homicidal intentions, testifies that Davies was actually the one who murdered Agachi. After his release, Harry discovers that Hill plans to auction the painting himself and reap all the financial benefits. Having anticipated such an outcome, Harry had written a letter to the farmer in Spain notifying him of the deception. Spanish law allows the government first right of purchase from the discoverer of all treasures found on Spanish soil. The painting ends up in the Museo del Prado and the farmer ends up with all the money. In gratitude, the farmer invites Harry to Spain where he gives the artist half the money—$5 million. Harry then travels back to Paris to meet Marieke. He gives her an original portrait of herself that he painted in his own style. After signing the painting, the couple kiss and embrace on the romantic banks of the Seine.
13364985	2	{{plot|section|dateAlternate ending Instead of the rooftop battle, the Hourglass and Rick battle inside the comic book convention. At one point, several convention attendees tell the Hourglass how to kill people. When the Hourglass is defeated, Landers' nephew realizes that Rick has killed his uncle. Enraged, he lunges for Rick, but is knocked out by Trey with the Douchebag of the Year Award. Instead of Hawking falling off the building, he is blown up by an Hourglass Bomb, and crushed by his falling wheelchair. The helicopter scene is omitted from this version, as Rick and Jill silently share two passionate kisses, which are significant because Rick initiates the kiss with Jill for the first time as the end credits roll.
27514945	3	Aki works part time at an Italian restaurant owned by Kawano. She is tired of her relationship with her unfaithful boyfriend, Masaru, and has a crush on Kawano. Kawano's lover, Kyoko, had created a dessert which made the restaurant popular, however the recipe was lost with Kyoko's death in a surfing accident. Aki tries to impress Kawano by recreating the dessert, but she is not as talented a chef as was Kyoko.<ref namehttp://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~p-g/data/2007/071112/yuwaku.htm|title2010-05-29|languageP.G. Web Site}}{{cite web}}
3641084	2	Betty  and her sister Christine  are two young models who are lured by a lecherous lesbian to spend a weekend at a country house being photographed by a trendy photographer. In reality, Ann is being set up for a virgin sacrifice and induction into a witch's coven
21810192	2	Evelyn Salt  is tortured in a North Korean prison on suspicion of being an American spy. Released as part of a prisoner exchange, she is met by Central Intelligence Agency  colleague Ted Winter . When she wonders why she has been freed , Winter informs her that the dogged persistence of her boyfriend, renowned arachnologist Michael Krause , forced the agency to act. Salt admits to Michael that she is a spy and warns him that he "is not safe with her." He, however, tells her he wants to spend the rest of his life with her. Two years later, on Salt's wedding anniversary, a Russian defector named Oleg Vasilyevich Orlov  arrives at the CIA. Salt interrogates him, with Winter and CIA counterintelligence agent Peabody  observing. Orlov tells her about "Day X", a Russian plot to destroy the United States by using English-speaking sleeper agents trained from childhood. Agent "KA-12" will assassinate Russian President Boris Matveyev , a reformer who has dedicated his time in office to improve relations between Russia and the United States, at the funeral of the Vice President of the United States. Orlov reveals that KA-12 is named "Evelyn Salt". Salt protests her innocence and insists on calling her husband to warn him, but he does not answer. Winter reluctantly agrees when Peabody decides to detain Salt, but she escapes and makes her way back to her apartment. Finding signs that Michael has been kidnapped, Salt takes her weapons and one of Michael's spiders. After evading CIA pursuit after a series of escapes, Salt travels to New York City and checks into a hotel, where she extracts venom from the spider. Salt makes her way to the church where the funeral is being held. Despite the tight security, she gets in and sets off a demolition charge during the Vice President's eulogy, causing Matveyev to fall through the floor to where Salt is waiting to complete the assassination. Peabody captures her, but she escapes on the way to custody. The media report that the Russian president is dead en route to hospital. On her way to the barge where Orlov is holed up with other KAs, Salt remembers, in a series of flashbacks, growing up in the Soviet Union, where her mentor Orlov trained her and other children to obey him absolutely and how she became the sleeper agent KA-12. Orlov tests her loyalty to him by having Michael killed in front of her. She seemingly shows no emotion. Satisfied, he then briefs her on the next part of her mission: she is to rendezvous with another sleeper agent, who will help her eliminate the President of the United States. Enraged at the death of Michael and wanting to stop the plot, Salt then kills Orlov and all the other agents there. Salt meets fellow KA agent Shnaider , who uses his cover identity as a Czech NATO liaison to get Salt, disguised as his aide, into the White House. Shnaider then launches a suicidal attack, causing the Secret Service and Winter to move the President to an underground bunker. After a series of hand-to-hand battles, Salt manages to get inside. In the main room, the president  and another man together give the activation code for the country's nuclear arsenal. Winter then grabs a weapon and kills everyone except the president, to whom he introduces himself as Nikolai Tarkovski, yet another KA sleeper agent, before knocking him out. He prepares to launch missiles at Mecca and Tehran which would kill nine million Muslims. The Islamic World would be enraged at the nuclear attacks. This would also unite 1.6 billion Sunnis and Shias together which will have severe repercussions and create a slow and painful war for the United States. Salt persuades Winter to let her into the locked down room to share the glory, but before he does, he sees television news reports that Matveyev is alive. Winter rebukes Salt for falling for Michael, instead of recruiting him, and tells her that it was he who arranged for Orlov to kidnap her husband. Salt breaks into the control room, where they fight for the nuclear football. Salt wins and aborts the strikes just in time before Peabody and Secret Service agents capture her. On the way out of the White House, while still in handcuffs, Salt manages to finally kill Winter, who survived the previous fight, by garroting him with her handcuffs. On a helicopter taking her to FBI custody, Salt tries to convince a skeptical Peabody that she saved the day. She tells him that she can hunt down the rest of the KA sleeper agents trained and planted by Orlov; she wants revenge because "they took everything from her". After receiving an SMS saying that Salt's fingerprints were found at the body-strewn barge, Peabody accepts she is telling the truth. He secretly uncuffs her, and she jumps into the Potomac River below and escapes into a wooded area.
31109576	2	Filming was completed in 2009, It presents fictional events as though real, using interviews, and internet footage.<ref namehttp://www.nationalmediamuseum.org.uk/nmem/biff/11/Film_Detail.asp?filmidWorld Premiere | accessdateNational Media Museum}}{{cite news}}
13893870	2	The story is about a young boy, Dirkie, who is flying with his Uncle Pete across the Kalahari Desert in a small plane, piloted by Uncle Pete, who partway into the flight has a heart attack and partially loses control of the plane. Thanks to his struggles to land safely in the desert even while suffering the heart attack, the crash is not as serious as it might have been otherwise, and, while Pete himself dies, Dirkie and his small pet dog survive, and the bulk of the story follows Dirkie's various adventures while he struggles to survive the harsh desert conditions, including an encounter with Kalahari Desert Bushmen, who give him help, but abandon him after an unfortunate misunderstanding concerning Dirkie's dog. The story switches several times to Dirkie's father Anton Hayes  and follows his increasingly desperate efforts to locate his son, including having a couple of million leaflets specially printed and spread over the desert from a plane, containing instructions for Dirkie on how to survive in the desert, and assuring him that his father loves him and won't give up trying to rescue him. The film features the unusual technique of showing Anton playing the piano, then switching to Dirkie in the desert while continuing to use the piano music as background music for the following desert scenes. Ultimately Anton travels to the Kalahari Desert himself after everything else fails to make progress.  In the desert, he meets one of the Bushmen who had earlier met Dirkie, and gets information about the direction Dirkie was last seen going in, and he is finally able to find Dirkie, who looks as if he is close to death. His dog is still with him, although injured. The film ends with Dirkie  in his father's arms, together with his little dog , both being carried back to the vehicle his father had travelled there in. The DVD re-issue states that the film is based on a true story.
16128109	2	Maggie plays Clary who rents a room in a Chinese flat. Terence Yin from "Lara Croft Tomb Raider" plays the romantic lead who is transferred into this Chinese town. The landlord, the cop & Clary set up a scam to scare Yin out of the house by making him believe it is haunted so they can rent it again. Yin moves to his Aunt's house who also sets up a scam of accusing him of taking advantage his cousin so she can have an excuse to boot him out of the house. With nowhere to go, he returns to his flat to discover the first scam. Yin's buddies set up retro-scam and pretend to take advantage of Q. She then scams the scammers, which results in Yin taking care of a catatonic Clary. After the plot bounces back & forth a few times, the frame freezes just as Yin leans in for the big kiss.
33468851	1	Sang-Man Cha Tae-Hyun attempts to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge and into a river. He fails, but the end result is that he starts seeing ghosts. Sang-Man then goes to the hospital and gets an examination. Is he going crazy? Meanwhile, Sang-Man meets nurse Jung Yun-Soo Kang Ye-Won at the hospital and quickly falls in love. But those pesky ghosts still haunt Sang-Man everywhere he goes. Sang-Man then attempts to help the ghosts fulfill their unrealized dreams to get them to leave him alone once and for all ...
8499752	2	Leo , is the eldest of four brothers. Marcel , age 10, is the youngest. With their young parents, they are a happy and close-knit family. One evening, Marcel overhears his family discussing the news that Leo is HIV-positive. They all agree to protect Marcel from the news, even though Leo wants to tell his little brother, not only that he has HIV, but that he is gay. The family continues pretending everything is fine to Marcel, but the young boy is devastated and starts behaving badly. Marcel wants the truth, but neither his parents nor his brothers can bring themselves to speak openly about it. Marcel is just on the edge of puberty and is sometimes childish and sometimes mature and sensitive. When he is excluded from a midnight ocean swim by his brothers, he follows them to the beach demanding to be included. Leo takes Marcel off to Paris so that he can visit an old boyfriend and explain both himself and his situation to his young brother. Marcel understands that Leo is very unhappy with his situation, and sees him decide to stop taking his medication. Leo cannot cope with the stress and puts Marcel on a train back home to Brittany, asking the boy to lighten the atmosphere back home.
2059713	2	Justin Petersen is a popular 16-year-old high school student and a successful swimmer with a steady girlfriend, Amy. Justin's coach announces that Justin has made the All-State team, which pleases his parents, particularly his mother Diane, who used to swim as well. Justin is introduced to internet pornography when a friend sends him a link to a softcore featuring Monica, a fellow student who has a crush on him. Captivated, Justin is then exposed to a porn film at a party, and later browses more explicit pornographic websites, only to be caught by his mother. It is easy for Diane to be aware of her son's behavior, as Justin does little to make his activities clandestine. Throughout the film, he continues to view pornographic images in public places, making little effort to cover his tracks. Justin's late nights in front of the computer and increasing obsession with porn soon impact upon his lap times. He betrays Amy's trust by downloading porn onto her PDA, and exposes his younger brother Alex to porn, leaving Alex queasy. Justin begins to gain a reputation at school of being a "porn freak" after showing his friends S&M porn. Eventually, his addiction causes him to almost miss the All-State swim finals, where he places third. Discovering a CD-R titled Virgin Vaginas, Diane confronts Justin and moves his computer into the living room. This, however, does not stop him. Justin continues to surf the web for porn, eventually racking up extensive bills on his parents' credit cards. He goes to the extent of using a school computer to access porn and gets caught hacking the internet firewall. As a result, he is suspended from the swim team and placed on overall probation. Justin becomes closer to Monica and increasingly ignores Amy. After being pressured to have sex with him, Amy puts the brakes on their relationship, finding Justin's attitude towards sexual matters to be repulsive. However, when Monica tries to seduce him, Justin hesitates, and an angry Monica kicks him out of her house. Monica throws a physical tantrum alone after feeling rejected by Justin and bangs her own head, causing it to bleed. Soon after, Justin endeavours to make amends with Amy. After leaving Amy's house, he is noticed by another schoolmate, who relays to other schoolmates that he is near. Monica is in the restaurant with noticeable face injuries, and it is presumed she told others that Justin was responsible for them. The schoolmates beat Justin up on the street, disturbed by his reputation and the alleged incident with Monica. Depressed after being physically attacked, Justin arrives at the school's swimming pool and leaps in, presumably to drown himself. Earlier in the movie, he would be under the water fantasizing about women and porn, but this time he thinks of all the things he has to live for. He saves himself and apparently breaks his addiction.
34711766	1	A pregnant Grace James  and her fiancee, Cove Masterson , are leaving a cemetery after the death of Coves' loved ones. On the drive home, Cove is killed in a collision with a drunk driver. Almost a year after the accident, Grace is still struggling to come to terms with her loss. As the one year anniversary draws closer, her vivid nightmares and paranormal experiences threaten to push her to the edge.{{cite web}}
13341626	2	Ruby Corey, a poor backwoods girl living in the small town of Braddock, is in love with Boake Tackman. His family used to be wealthy, but after generations of profligacy all he has left is the land he has had drained and farmed. He starts a relationship with her but plans to marry a local woman with a rich family. When she hears the news Ruby marries well-off Dr. Jim Gentry, whose invalid wife had recently died, despite not loving him. Her background keeps her from being accepted by most of Jim's peers, most of whom decline to attend their after-wedding party. While at a party, Jim gets into a fistfight with Boake after witnessing him dancing with Ruby. Jim calls Ruby a tramp who looks like a lady but doesn't behave like one. She leaves in tears, and later that night, he apologizes. The next day Jim and Ruby go sailing, where he tells her he "doesn't mind being second best" and she admits she really does love him. A loose rope results in Jim being knocked overboard by the boom, leaving Ruby widowed and distraught. The local paper writes that she is a gold-digger who murdered Jim for his fortune and mentions the fistfight between Jim and Boake. Jim's friends renounce her and she receives accusatory phone calls and harassment from the townspeople. Ruby uses Jim's money to begin a campaign against everyone who slighted her, calling in debts to close down people's businesses as well as the newspaper that slandered her. Her brother comes to beg her for leniency, but she throws him out, warning she is just getting started. When Boake visits, she gives him the promissary-note he had signed and which was acquired by Gentry, and offers to run off with him but he rejects her, saying that for all her money she can't buy her way out of the swamp and she can't buy him. Ruby has Boake's land flooded, ruining the crops. After seeing her fury, he goes back to her. Boake and Ruby go to her father's annual duck-hunting party where she goes back to her country roots and Boake drinks away his resentment before visiting her room late at night. While hunting the next day, Boake turns on Ruby in retaliation for her actions but she apologizes. Just then her estranged brother Jewel Corey begins to shoot at the couple while quoting Bible verses about the wickedness of women and sinners who must be struck down. They try to hide in the swamp but Jewel shoots Boake in the abdomen, killing him; Ruby goes after Jewel and guns him down. Cradling Boake in her arms, Ruby laments her decisions. Ruby later becomes the skipper of a fishing boat, forever looked down upon by the townspeople.
18112074	1	The brain of inventor Jack Brown is possessed by the soul of a medieval monk who thinks he knows the secret of how to fly.
18153847	1	Charley Appleby is a hardware store owner whose frugality and commitment to his job have enabled his family to avoid poverty during the Great Depression and Prohibition. However, his relationship with his children and wife Nettie  is strained. They especially want to go to see the Chicago World's Fair. His growing sons Willie and Rupert  manage to find work in a junkyard owned by a man named Felix with ties to bootleggers, and his teenage daughter Leonora  decides to elope with a young man named Ray , who seems untrustworthy. Charley is visited by a shabby-looking angel  who appears visible only to him. The angel tells Charley that his time will soon be up, and the shopkeeper decides to become religious, patch relations with his family, sell his business, and do the best he can to be a good father and husband before he dies. Charley's angel appears intermittently throughout the film, occasionally helping Charley, and occasionally causing mischief. The angel reveals his name as Roy Zerney. Charley is initially unsuccessful at effecting change. His gestures are incomprehensible to his wife and children, who see his sudden change of behavior as bizarre, particularly his decision to sell the store. Charley appears ostensibly insane whenever he speaks to, or looks for, the lingering angel who is visible only to him. When Charley tries to take money from his account in the bank, he learns from the banker Ernie  that the bank will be closing for a while and may be in danger of foreclosure. He must loan money to son-in-law Ray, and to his friend Pete . Business tightens, and Charley is running out of time and money. However, Charley becomes an unlikely hero. His boys begin using a rickety Model T, unknowingly delivering illegal booze by Felix's request, and they are kidnapped and forced to drive away when the Chicago gangsters responsible for the operation are trying to flee the city. Charley personally chases them in the abandoned gangsters' car, dodging gunfire, and the police catch him presuming he is the criminal. While in prison, Roy tells Charley that today will probably be his last day on Earth. However, Charley's thoughts are still of his boys. When he returns home in the evening, Leonora and Ray return for an untimely visit just as the gangsters occupy his house and intend to take Charley's wife as another hostage. Charley defies them and defends his wife and kids with his own life. The fight ends when Charley and Ray, with the assistance of a timely appearance by Pete, succeed in defeating the gangsters and delivering them to the police. In the course of the fight, Charley was shot at point-blank range but miraculously receives no wound. For capturing the criminals, Charley receives a $5000 reward posted by Chicago's police department. Ernie appears as a representative of the town to honor Charley as a town hero and present him with a hotel reservation and tickets to the World's Fair. He also informs them that the bank examiner has approved the bank's credibility and that it will be reopening tomorrow. Pete has also returned to repay his debt. Charley, satisfied with the turn of events in his final day, says goodbye to his family and expects that he will still die, but Roy appears and reveals that the eleventh-hour decision in Heaven was to let Charley live. Roy physically intervened and pulled the bullet from the air, thus nullifying the prophecy and clarifying to Charley that he will live on, with an enriched outlook.
14137409	2	A prologue introduces us to Dr. Austin Sloper , a New York City doctor and resident of a large house on Washington Square whose wife dies in childbirth, leaving a daughter, Catherine , to be raised by her father. As a child, Catherine is overweight, clumsy, and untalented; however, she is also a sweet, affectionate child. She adores her father and tries hard to please him, but he considers her a disappointment and treats her with ironic condescension. His thoughts are still much occupied with his beloved wife and with a promising son who died before Catherine was born, and he privately &ndash; but bitterly &ndash; resents his only surviving child for causing his wife's death. Sloper invites Catherine's widowed aunt, the incurably foolish Lavinia Penniman , to live at Washington Square as a chaperone for Catherine. Catherine becomes a plain young woman who is painfully shy and inept in the social graces expected of someone of her class, despite her aunt's best efforts to instill them. Apart from her sweet nature, Catherine possesses only one obvious attraction: money. She earns $10,000 annually from her mother's estate, and will inherit considerably more when her father dies. At a party celebrating her cousin Marian Almond's  engagement, Catherine is introduced to a handsome, charming young man named Morris Townsend . He is attentive, respectful, and &ndash; to Catherine's obvious astonishment &ndash; clearly interested in her. He begins paying regular calls at Washington Square. Before long, the susceptible Catherine falls headlong in love with him. Sloper, however, suspects Townsend of being a fortune hunter, with no intention of pursuing a career. Aunt Lavinia loves melodrama and gets a vicarious thrill from Townsend's attentions; and so, contrary to Sloper's wishes, she does all she can to encourage the relationship, even meeting Townsend secretly to collude with him. The central conflict emerges when Townsend proposes marriage and Sloper refuses to give his consent, telling Catherine he will disinherit her if she marries without it. Catherine doesn't care about the money, but disobeying her father is another matter. She dutifully accompanies him on a Grand Tour of Europe, during which he exhorts her to give Townsend up; she refuses, and a frustrated Sloper speaks to her with such contempt that she finally admits to herself that he despises her. The realization pains her deeply, but also strengthens her resolve to separate herself from him and bestow all her love and loyalty on Townsend. Catherine comes home, determined to marry. When she and Morris are reunited, she convinces him that her father will never relent. Shortly afterward, he backs out of the relationship. When Catherine tearfully confronts him, he admits his mercenary motives outright and leaves her. Years pass. Catherine has refused at least one respectable offer of marriage. When her father's health fails, she nurses him through his last illness. During his final days, he asks her to promise never to marry Morris Townsend. With quiet dignity, she replies that while she seldom thinks of Townsend, she can't make such a promise. Sloper misunderstands her and alters his will, adding a codicil deploring his daughter's ongoing interest in unscrupulous young men and leaving most of his $300,000 fortune to charity. Catherine is left with only the house and the income from her mother. She isn't offended by the codicil; in fact, at the reading of the will, she laughs. Some time later, Townsend reappears at her doorstep. Catherine, who is now running a daycare center in her house, dismisses a roomful of children, then talks to him briefly. She isn't angry, but she has no interest in renewing their relationship, and tells him so, quietly and firmly. He departs, leaving Catherine to reflect on the passion she once experienced.
20850141	3	A career military attorney, Lt. Col. Adams, is brought in to defend Lt. Winston  for murdering a British soldier in India. The commander informs Adams that the Army would like the case to quietly go away and to put up as little defense as possible so that the court can move for a quick conviction. While investigating the crime, Adams discovers that Winston is completely insane. Along with the US Army, the British are also anxious to see Winston hang and have no real interest in seeing justice done. So, as the title suggests, Adams finds himself in the middle of two military units and must decide if he should just let the case be whitewashed so that the Army can save face and the officer can save his reputation or put up a real and compassionate defense.
23404570	3	On her honeymoon, Yūki discovers that her new husband Tarō is not inspired to perform sexually in bed, but prefers the restroom.{{cite web}}
3558237	2	Story 1: Kamini and Rahul Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat , hires Babu  as her manager and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and also to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna  poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband and Kamini has to play along otherwise she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul. Story 2: Gia and Shiven Gia Bakshi  lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi  and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur , both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy . He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada . Story 3: Seema, Vinay, and Anjali Gia's sister, Seema , who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra  for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali  comes into his life. The two start to meet and an affair starts, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out that about Vinay's affair - leaving her heartbroken. Story 4: Ashutosh and Tehzeeb Ashutosh Raina ([[John Abraham  is a Hindu, but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain , who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father  who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter, and while traveling on an inaugural train route, the train derails, Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is - and may not end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Story 5: Ajay and Stephanie Ajay  is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a Caucasian woman, Stephanie , who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada . While Ajay drives her around all of Northern India finding Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her of to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry to Gia. Story 6: Ramdayal and Phoolwati Ramdayal  weds attractive Phoolwati  and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so.
15204451	3	Paris plumber Elmer Tuttle is enlisted by socialite Patricia Alden to help make her lover Tony Lagorce jealous. With the help of his friend Julius J. McCracken and through the high society contacts he has made through Patricia, Elmer hopes to find financing for his latest invention, a pistol with a range-finding light. Comic complications ensue when Elmer's effort to interest a military leader is misconstrued as an assassination attempt.
28322216	1	Arthur Askey and Stinker Murdoch, two out-of-work performers, are living on the roof of the Broadcasting House in Central London. After being called in for an audition with the BBC three months before they were forgotten about and settled down to live there waiting for their big chance. One day an item from their clothes line falls and hits Claude Pilkington, a senior figure at the BBC, who has them evicted. They are forced to pack up all their belongings and leave. While driving home that evening one of the tyres on Pilkington's car gets a puncture from broken glass lying on the road. It has been put there by the owners of the Jack-in-the-Box restaurant, who hope their cabaret act will be given a contract with the BBC and have so far failed to gain an audition. Pilkington sits unwittingly through their act, including singers Jack Hylton and Patricia Kirkwood, barely noticing it while he reads the newspaper. When he discovers that they have caused his puncture, he storms off in anger. Meanwhile Askey and Murdoch have found themselves in the countryside. Needing somewhere to live they go to a local estate agent hoping to pick up a cheap cottage. Instead they are offered a castle for £3 rent, which the owner is trying to get off his hands as it is haunted. After they settle down in the castle they begin to experience a number of sinister happenings occur despite the estate agent's insistence that there is a "perfectly natural explanation for everything". When they encounter Jasper Blackfang, a ghost who claims to haunt the place, they flee and take shelter at the nearby Jack-in-the Box restaurant. Emboldened by the realisation that the ghost is in fact the caretaker of the castle, who has been living their rent free, they return along with Hylton and Kirkwood. They discover a broadcasting studios inside the castle, which the caretaker claims is being used by a pirate commercial station. In fact it is being used by Nazi agents in Britain, but the caretaker is unaware of this. Frustrated by their failure to secure an audition at the BBC, they decide to use the studios to broadcast their own show. Arthur Askey does a performance on the same wavelength as the BBC, interrupting a programme by Pilkington himself, who has to be faded out. Pilkington is furious by the interruption, but the pirate show generates huge interest amongst the general public. Pilkington, meanwhile, gets Scotland Yard to hunt down the pirate station. Their determination to find the station is boosted by the realisation that the castle contains plans of British planes stolen by the Nazi agents, which are unwittingly held up by Askey during his broadcast. Askey has organised a major hour-long performance which ends in a finale with where the police, BBC officials and Nazi agents all converge on the castle, while a time bomb is ominously ticking down. The program is such a roaring success that the BBC are eventually forced to grant Askey, Murdoch and their associates their own show.
185873	1	Snow falls on the snowman to form a heart shape on him. The snowman wakes and begins juggling with the snow. A dog begins chasing him and takes a bite out of him. The dog then throws snow at the snowman but this only fills the missing part of the snowman. Eventually the dog leaves. The snowman starts skating on ice but falls through and staggers away largely melted. However, by falling down a hill and rolling in the snow the snowman reforms himself. The snowman now falls to sleep at night. A rabbit tries to steal his carrot nose but the snowman prevents this. The snowman gets up and enters a house and finds a calendar. He finds the month July on it and then puts himself in a refrigerator so that he may see this month. During this time, the sun makes the snow melt and gives colour to the botanical species. Meanwhile the snowman sleeps in the refrigerator. The snowman wakes in July. His back is stuck in the fridge. He adjusts the thermostat and waits. He leaves the refrigerator and looks for the signs of summer through the window. He embraces the summer and breathes in the perfume of the flowers. He puts a pink rose in his lapel and rolls in the fields. The snowman melts under the heat of the sun. He begin to sing "Da ist der Sommer meines Lebens..."  and turns into water. These are the only spoken words in the film. The rabbit from earlier mourns his loss whilst the children of the rabbit jump into the snowman's hat. He picks up the snowman's carrot and takes a bite from it.
20923240	2	Two old classmates, Rosario  and Milagros , who meet again after many years of not seeing each other since high school. After several failures with their own jobs, they end up working together as trash handlers, sweeping the streets of Madrid. The story begins when they have to travel to Milagros' village to bury her dead cat. The film was shot in Madrid and Huertapelayo . After many years without seeing each other, Rosario meets Milagros, her friend from childhood who works as a taxi driver using a car from her uncle's taxi company. Milagros starts driving her to the bank each morning where she works as a cleaner. Together, they spend lots of time going to restaurants and pubs, but Rosario gets worried about missing so much work and one day she is fired. Milagros admits later that she never had a driving licence, which, combined with her excessive kindness to Rosario, leads her to also be fired. After that, the two women find jobs as street cleaners. In that job, Rosario meets Morsa , with whom she starts a carnal relationship. Meanwhile, Rosario lives with her mother whose physical and mental health are quickly deteriorating. One day, when Rosario arrives home from work, she discovers that her mother was going to have dinner in the bathroom. After that, Rosario sees more strange behavior from her mother. She begins to forget important things, such as that her other daughter is married. This fact confirms for Rosario that her mother suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Rosario feels very worried and alone. She keeps finding her mother hiding in Rosario's wardrobe; on the first day that Rosario brings Morsa home from work to have sex, she watches her mother walk out of her closet, horrified. As her mother's condition worsens, Rosario calls both her sister and Milagros over to the house. After burying Milagros's cat, Morsa, Rosario and Milagros return to Madrid to keep working. Rosario's mother is dying and her siter comes from Barcelona to stay some days with her. Rosario's sister never took any responsibility for their mother, which is motive for tension between the sisters. Rosario reproaches her sister for always being distant towards her and her mother, while her sister gets angry with Rosario for letting Milagros stay at her home. Both women remember their childhood together, talking about the funny moments and the painful ones. Soon after, their mother stops breathing. After her mother's death, Rosario sees the image of her mother everywhere, to a point that it scares her and doesn't let her sleep. She visits the priest of the church where her mother used to go. There, she tells him her problem and he concludes that perhaps she sees the image of her mother everywhere because she didn't want her daughter to be alone. One night whilst sweeping and washing a plaza, Milagros and Rosario are bickering over whether or not Milagros should keep some of the trash she finds when Milagros hears a baby's cry inside of a dumpster. She reaches in and discovers a baby inside a box. Rosario insists on taking the baby to a hospital emergency room, but Milagros wants to keep him at her home. They have a heated discussion where Rosario says Milagros would not be a good mother and Milagros confesses that she is sterile. Milagros says that she loved Rosario to a point that she felt jealous because she had her own life with Morsa, and that Rosario was cold and lonely and bitter, destined to be alone. Rosario finally realizes her terrible problem of loneliness and lack of confidence with other people, though she could not admit it. Days after this incident, Rosario's boss realises that Milagros had been out for a lot of time. Rosario decides to visit her, taking some flowers and chocolates. In Milagros' home, Rosario is horrified to discover that the baby Milagros took in is already dead, in an advanced state of decomposition. Completely devastated and depressed, both women and Morsa return to the village to bury the baby in the cemetery, and Rosario recites the 51st Psalm. Rosario and Morsa returned to Madrid, but Milagros wants to stay, something her two friends cannot understand. Worried, Rosario says that she would be all alone with nobody beside her, but Milagros insists and decides to stay in that village for good. Some days later, Milagros is telephoned by her uncle Cosmé. He informs her that his niece has been found dead in the house of the village. This fact further devastates Rosario, who goes with Milagros's uncle to assist in the burial. During the trip to the village, Cosmé tells Rosario that his niece's mother died because of overdose when she was a little child. There, Rosario sees how her friend is buried in the cemetery, in a funeral where all the village people attended. After the hard journey to the village, Rosario admits that she must not be alone anymore, so she decided to go to Fuenlabrada, where her friend Morsa, lives. Rosario makes her way to the playground, and sees all the mothers with their children. Morsa's van stops nearby, and after a short chat, the film ends with a kiss between Morsa and Rosario.
1005010	2	The plot involves a gang of Hells Angels type bikers called "The Devil's Advocates" involved in the Vietnam war. They are sent to the Cambodian jungle on Yamaha bikes in order to rescue an American diplomat/CIA Agent . The biker gang is led by Link ([[William Smith , a Vietnam veteran and the brother of an Army Major  who has recruited them. His gang consists of Duke  also a Vietnam veteran, Limpy , Speed , and another Vietnam veteran Dirty Denny . They are under the orders of Army Captain Jackson . The gang modifies their motorcycles in a garage run by Vic Diaz. They weld armour plating with submachine guns on the handlebars. Limpy drives a three-wheeler modified from a Harley-Davidson frame with a Volkswagen rear endhttp://www.psychotronicvideo.com/wow/inner_views/koslo/koslo2.html that is armed with heavy .50 calibre machine guns and a multiple rocket launcher from a helicopter. In order to open fire on enemy soldiers in trees or towers the gang do wheelies whilst firing their weapons.
3095001	2	Roland  is getting married  and Slim , who scoffs at the idea of marriage, but is furious at Roland for disappearing. The story reminisces back to Mike's (portrayed as a youth by [[Sean Nelson  first encounters with Roland  and Slim , his first real crush on a girl named Alicia , and the three young men's misadventures as teenagers. Shy and awkward, Mike sticks out like a sore thumb on his first day, but is quickly befriended by Slim and Roland. On a dare from Slim and Roland, Mike runs and grabs Alicia's butt, leading to a big fight with her big brother Stacey , a violent gang member. While he is thoroughly beat down, Mike earns Stacey's private respect for fighting back like a man. Meanwhile in present day, Mike and Slim go find Roland for his wedding, when they get a call from Tanya  saying that she has him with her and that he is very drunk. They get to her house to pick him up to take him back to the wedding to marry his bride Lisa  because they only have two hours before the ceremony begins. Back to their old school times, they go to their first dance of the year, go to a store that gets held up by Stacey, who recognizes the boys and offers them a ride to the dance. The boys almost get arrested by two cops due to Stacey's broken taillight. Mike's quick thinking prevents one of the cops from finding Stacey's gun and they are let go. Impressed, Stacey begins a new friendship with Mike by apologizing for their prior run in but explained that he was protecting his sister, and, seeing how much Mike likes her, gives him advice on how to win her heart. When they get back to the dance it is almost over and Mike gets to dance with Alicia and at the end of the dance he gets her number. In the present day while reminiscing Roland gets sick, throws up all over Slim and Mike and now they only have an hour left before the wedding and they have to get cleaned up, then they take their clothes to the cleaners. Mike returning back to their memories, they were now juniors in high school, thinking about sex, ways to get it and making a lot of bets. Mike, now hiding his still present shyness with a veil of over confidence, reconnects romantically with Alicia. It's revealed in the present time that after High School, Alicia and Mike went their separate ways for good. The boys finally make it to the ceremony to have Roland apologize to a furious Lisa for leaving her worried before the wedding ceremony. Before the ceremony begins Mike sees Alicia  his childhood crush, and finally Roland and Lisa get married. Mike tells his last childhood memory, and its when they go to a homecoming dance for their school and that they will be the boys from "The Wood".
28469594	3	The film follows a thief into the countryside where he is mistaken as preacher, which is transformational.
5420277	2	{{Plot}} The movie begins with a voice over by Shirley Lyner  as we are shown her babysitting service, a cabin with middle-aged men and teenage girls. A flash back takes us to Shirley being picked up by Michael Beltran for a babysitting job. After she is finished, they dine together and flirt with each other. Michael is frustrated with his wife and Shirley finds guys her age to be too immature. Shirley’s friends at school are Melissa and Brenda. Michael and his wife Gail meet with Michael’s friend Jerry, who has a business offer for Michael. Gail is frustrated that Michael wants to take it, while Michael gets curious about an abandoned train yard behind the restaurant that Gail shows no interest in. When Michael is driving Shirley home that night, they stop at the train yard and explore it, eventually sharing a kiss and having sex. Michael pays Shirley extra. Melissa discovers the truth about babysitting outings from Shirley and Michael tells Jerry about it. Michael asks Shirley if any of her other friends can “babysit” and Melissa volunteers. Shirley asks her for 20% of the money as her cut to which Melissa agrees. They convince Brenda to take the babysitting job as well and the girls set up a working business, going so far as to have business cards printed up. Michael learns that Shirley is babysitting for others besides him, which makes him uncomfortable. Problem arises when Brenda invites her rough and aggressive younger stepsister Nadine into the group without checking with Shirley. She soon starts her own competing business behind Shirley’s back, and Shirley starts to lose customers. Shirley confronts Brenda and Brenda agrees to search Nadine's room. She reports back that she found nothing. With Michael 'on watch', Shirley and Melissa search Nadine's locker but find nothing. They trash the school to hide their true motive. Melissa presents Shirley with fake permission slips for a trip to Jerry’s cabin for a weekend. The girls will be going under the make-believe of a school trip, while the men will be there on a “business retreat”. Michael is uncomfortable with Shirley being with other guys at the party. Jerry has supplied drugs at the party and attempts to rape Brenda. Brenda wants to quit and Shirley agrees but Melissa is worried that Brenda will talk. Melissa has several of their customers attack and threaten Brenda’s brother, while Shirley gets angry at Melissa. Michael’s wife confronts him about his distance and that he has been lying about his job situation and Michael finally voices some of his frustrations about the marriage, while Gail responds with hers. Michael tries to encourage Shirley to run away with him, while Shirley reminds him that this is just business and he’s cheating himself. She then tries unsuccessfully to contact Brenda. She hears that Nadine is babysitting without her knowledge and calls Melissa, who is with Jerry, and they go to confront her. Shirley discovers that it is her own father that is with Nadine. The movie ends with another voiceover by Shirley. Across the street from Michael's house Shirley sees Michael interacting with his family.
6277939	1	{{Plot}} The viewer first sees a young woman playing the Ave Maria on a cello, the scene shifts to show another woman bleeding on an operating table. Another scene shift shows Hong Mi-ju  watching students playing their cellos while their professor grades them. The professor tried to coax her into going to a welcome home concert for the little sister of Kim Tae-yeon. Mi-ju declines both the concert and a job offer to become more than just an associate teacher. In the teacher's lounge, Mi-ju is confronted by a student who tells Mi-ju that all because of Mi-ju, all of her work for music is for nothing. The student is smug and cocky, promising revenge. Mi-ju leaves, shaken, and starts to drive home. On her way back home, she nearly avoids getting into an accident with a truck. When she gets home, Mi-ju receives a message on her cell phone: "Are you happy? ...You should be." Startled, Mi-ju looks around the house while turning on lights, but they snap off when she reaches the attic. There, she sees her elder, autistic daughter, Yoon-jin . The lights come on, revealing her husband Jun-ki , her sister-in-law Kyeong-ran , and her younger daughter Yoon-hye. Everyone but Yoon-jin, who appears mute and emotionless, sings "Happy Birthday" to Mi-ju. Mi-ju opens her presents. Later on, as they bathe, Mi-ju tells Yoon-jin how happy she is, how much she loves Yoon-jin. Mi-ju seems to share a special affection for Yoon-jin. The next day, they pass a music store. Yoon-jin stops to stare at a cello, and Mi-ju buys it for her. Mi-ju meets the new, silent housekeeper, Ji-sook, and begins to teach Yoon-jin how to play the cello. More strange things happen; Yoon-hye plays in Kyeong-ran's room until the latter's fiance, Hyeon-woo, calls. Having been shooed out, Yoon-hye goes to her sister's room to ask to try the cello, but the normally calm and emotionless Yoon-jin bites her little sister. The same night, Kyeong-ran has a breakdown, as her fiance has seemingly broken up with her. Eventually the family has to just leave Kyeong-ran alone. In Yoon-jin's room, Mi-ju watches the sleeping Yoon-jin, but her daughter's sleeping face suddenly becomes ghastly, and eerie voices can be heard. In Kyeon-ran's room, a crack appears on a picture of Kyeong-ran and her fiance, and through the wall, a ghost emerges and throws her through the glass balcony door. The rest of the family does not seem to hear a thing. However, Yoon-jin gets out of bed and pulls back the curtain, and sees Kyeong-ran strangled and dangling at her window. Sensing his wife's inner turmoil, Jun-ki asks what's going on, and presents her with her old college yearbook, asking why Kim Tae-yeon's pictures are cut out. Mi-ju tells her husband the reason why she quit playing the cello is because of her former friend, Kim Tae-yeon. The flash back shows a plain girl, Kim Tae-yeon, struggling to play as good as her friend, and struggling to pretend to be happy for her friend as Mi-ju rises far and above her friend. Mi-ju tells her husband that she doesn't think Tae-yeon was trying to kill her out of jelousy, but the night Mi-ju was chosen above Tae-yeon, there was a car accident and Tae-yeon was killed while Mi-ju was merely injured. Mi-ju attends the cello concert she had previously declined. However, with a blink of an eye, Mi-ju finds herself alone in the room. She sees the same ghost who emerged through Kyeong-ran's wall on stage playing the cello. But then, it is over and the other people and the cello player reappear, but Mi-ju leaves, terrified, hearing the voices from the night before. At home, Yoon-hye begs again to play the cello, but becomes frightened when the cello starts to appear and disappear without anyone touching it. She tries to leave Yoon-jin's room, but the door is locked. They are suddenly transported to the balcony, with Yoon-hye hanging from the side. Mi-ju returns to see Yoon-jin pulling Yoon-hye's fingers back one by one. Yoon-hye falls to her death, and it begins to rain. Mi-ju gathers her now dead little daughter, and places her body in the basement. When Mi-ju's husband, Jun-ki, returns home from work, he asks where Yoon-hye is, but Mi-ju replies she sent her daughter to camp. Wanting to talk to his little girl, Jun-ki calls her cell phone, but gets no answer. However, he starts to hear the ringing of the phone in the basement where Yoon-hye's body is... Confronting his wife, he demands to know what's going on, accusing Mi-ju of killing their little girl. As Mi-ju explains it was an accident, starting to get hysterical. In the struggle, Mi-ju pushes her husband back, only to find he has been stabbed by a sharp pipe and is dead. Mi-ju turns to face the stairway slowly and sees the ghost who looks like the disgruntled student and whispers, "...Kim Tae-yeon..." Through the ghost of Kim Tae-yeon's eyes, we see a flashback of what really happened. Kim Tae-yeon, who looks exactly like the student from the beginning of the movie; pretty, talented, and confident , is the more talented cello player. It is Kim Tae-yeon, not Mi-ju, who was the more talented, sweet, and "better" student. After the final humiliation of Kim Tae-yeon being chosen of, Mi-ju swerves while driving them home and crashes the car by a steep incline off the road. Tae-yeon is thrown from the car and is barely holding on from falling off the side of the cliff. Mi-ju grabs her friend's hand but eventually lets Kim Tae-yeon fall to her death. Brought back to the present, Mi-ju tries to stab Tae-yeon's ghost with a knife to stop her from going to Yoon-jin, begging "Not my Yoon-jin, not my Yoon-jin!". She then sees that she has stabbed the housekeeper. Believing the cello holds the power to the ghost of Kim Tae-yeon, Mi-ju grabs a golf club and rushes to Yoon-jin's room. Mi-ju grabs the cello, throws it out against the wall, and smashes it as Yoon-jin screams in her room. When the noise stops, Mi-ju goes in. The room is empty except for the cello, which is unharmed. She looks back into the hallway to see the beaten and bloody body of her daughter. As Mi-ju kneels by the weltering Yoon-jin, she feels Tae-yeon forcing her hand to stab Yoon-jin's beaten body. Mi-ju resists and stabs herself in the chest. Mi-ju wakes up in the hospital to find that her earlier car accident was not imaginary, and that the previous events have been part of her coma—the voices she heard were actually those of Jun-ki and Yoon-hye, whispering for her to wake up. Mi-ju finds her family members are all safe and sound, around her and hugging her tightly. Outside the hospital room, Jun-ki asks the doctor why his wife thought they were all dead. The doctor replies it was probably part of the coma—Mi-ju's family is all that is important to Mi-ju now, and oftentimes anxiety will pertain to what is most important to a person. When Mi-ju returns home, she receives the same message again: "Are you happy? ...You should be." She walks through the house turning on lights, which go out when she reaches the attic. Again, she finds her family there, in the same way as she did in the beginning of the movie. They sing "Happy Birthday" to her, and Kyeong-ran gives Mi-ju the same album. Inside, she finds a scribbled inscription: "This is only the beginning," before the ghostly hands of Kim Tae-yeon reach through Mi-ju's hair and slowly grasp her old friend's face.CELLO
10377776	1	. Three men make a wager on which one will have sex with more women in a period of 24 hours. They hire an obese and flamboyant gay man to be the judge and keep tally. They get 7 "ugly" women for the challenge. One man comments to another that "these women look like something from a Coffin Joe movie". The men gather them at a beach house and the competition begins. One man decides to quit the competition and return home to his wife , whom he finds having sexual intercourse with "Jack", their German Shepherd dog, in Brazil's first scene of cinematic zoophilia.Her husband takes revenge by leaving her to romance a talking male horse, whom the man persuades to penetrate him in the rear-end. Most sexual events are narrated and critiqued by a caged parrot. When the 24 hour period expires, the judge counts the scores of the remaining two men and the score is tied. They are encouraged until the judge announces the tie-breaker would involve the men performing acts on the judge. The duo flees the beach house pursued by the eager judge as the end screen appears.
30531735	2	Rick  is the apple of his father's eye; smart, handsome, and idolized by his younger siblings . By stark contrast, Lonnie  is a troubled and withdrawn girl, struggling to put the painful memory of a failed suicide attempt behind her. Both teenagers are dealing with loneliness and family pressures when they begin to find solace in each other, and a young romance develops. As Rick and Lonnie's bond begins to grow stronger, and they become increasingly withdrawn from their friends and families, their protective parents begin to worry that the young lovers are getting too involved and become increasingly uncomfortable with the teenagers' relationship. Finally, when Rick's parents  decide that Lonnie is a bad influence on their son, and Lonnie's parents  decide that boarding school would be the best place for their troubled daughter, Rick and Lonnie, desperate not to be separated, make a tragic decision to take their own lives. In the wake of the young lovers' fatal suicide pact, the two devastated families are left to try and pick up the pieces of their shattered lives and somehow find a way to go on.
10386266	1	As the film opens, Ator asks his father for permission to marry his sister. Ator's father tells Ator that he is adopted and so he can marry his sister if he likes. Ator's bride is kidnapped on their wedding day by members of a spider cult, which prompts Ator to learn how to fight so he can rescue his bride. Ator teams up with a female warrior who helps him in his quest. By the end of the film, Ator learns that the real villain is not who he thought.
25871790	1	{{Plot}} Smith is an 18-year-old film student who identifies sexually as "undeclared" with a strong sexual appetite. He has been having strange dreams. He is going to college with his best friend, Stella, whom he has known since junior high. Smith finds a note saying that he is the "chosen son". He has a roommate, Thor, whom he lusts after, regretting that Thor is straight. Stella goes to a party with Smith, but hooks up with another girl, Lorelei. He recognizes Lorelei as one of the people in his dream. Smith notices a guy, but he is distracted when a red-haired girl from his dream vomits on his shoe. The guy vanishes, but Smith gets picked up by London, a British student. They have sex, but to Smith's regret she does not want to be with him except during the sex. Smith visits a nude beach, and meets a man named Hunter. They start to have sex, but Smith is disappointed to hear that Hunter is married. Stella discovers that Lorelei is not only insatiable, but also a witch with rejection issues. Stella keeps trying to dump her, but has difficulty as the witch takes over Smith's body, and later tries to strangle her in the washroom. Stella saves herself by spraying water on the witch, causing her to burn up. During this time, Smith continues to dream about the red-haired girl. In his dreams, they are both pursued by people wearing animal masks. Smith finds out that the girl was killed, and her head was cut off. He later meets her twin sister, who says that she was kidnapped many years ago by men wearing animal masks. He also meets the guy from the earlier party, and learns his name is Oliver. He is gay and wants to go on a date with Smith. Smith walks in on Thor and his best friend Rex wrestling in their underwear. Though they are calling each other gay, Stella explains that only straight guys can get away with that. London seduces Rex and convinces him to have a three-way with Smith for his 19th birthday. The animal-masked people finally capture Smith, London, and Smith's mom. They are bundled into a van to be driven to meet the head of a secret cult. Smith finds out that it is his father , and London is his half-sister. Meanwhile, Stella, Oliver, and the perpetually stoned "Messiah" hook up to pursue the van. Oliver has powers like Lorelei's, but uses them for good. It turns out that meeting Oliver wasn't chance. He was looking for Smith to protect him. The Messiah was only acting stoned. He's also there to protect Smith. The animal-masked people turn out to be Thor, Rex, and Hunter. They must get London and Smith to a secret underground shelter to survive the explosion of dozens of nuclear bombs. Anyone not in the cult will be annihilated, and the cult will take over the world with Smith as its leader. The Messiah tries to run the van off the road, and both vehicles scream towards a bridge that is out. Smith's father presses a button and the whole Earth explodes, including the cult's underground shelter.
27409433	2	A young woman discovers the fine line between paranoia and having your worst fears become real in this tale of terror. Molly Wright is a typical college student sharing a house off-campus with her friends. Between her criminology classes, trying to keep up with her homework, and working as a volunteer with a local church group, Molly is wearing herself to a frazzle, so many of her friends think her imagination is working overtime when she begins to wonder aloud if Geoffrey Martin, the eccentric artist who has moved into the house next door, might be a serial killer. Molly's friends have a hard time believing her, but Paul Davidson, a police detective, thinks something funny is going on in the neighborhood after a number of missing persons cases are reported. But can Paul build a case against the killer before Molly becomes his next victim?
11600033	3	While General George Washington is conducting the struggle against the British Empire on the battlefield, the Continental Congress in Philadelphia piddles away its time over trivial matters and cannot even begin debating the question of American independence. The leader of the independence faction is the abrasive John Adams  of Massachusetts whose continuous pushing of the issue has brought their cause to a complete standstill. John Dickinson  of Pennsylvania leads the opposition that hopes for reconciliation with England. During his quieter moments, Adams calls up the image of his wife Abigail Adams  who resides in Massachusetts and gives him insight and encouragement. Doctor Benjamin Franklin  of Pennsylvania suggests another colony that supports independence should submit a proposal. Richard Henry Lee  of Virginia is sent off to Williamsburg to get authorization to propose independence. Weeks later, Lee returns with the resolution, and finally debate on the question begins. After heated discussions, the question is called without a majority of positive votes present. In a move intended to defeat the resolution, Dickinson calls for a vote requiring unanimity for passage, which ends in a tie between the colonies and ultimately being decided in favor of unanimity by Hancock, arguing that any objecting colony would fight for England against independence. Stalling for time to rally support for the resolution, Adams and Franklin call again for a postponement, justifying their call by stating the need for a declaration describing their grievances. Once again tied and ultimately being decided by Hancock, the vote is successfully postponed until such a document can be written. John Hancock ([[David Ford , President of the Continental Congress, appoints a committee up that includes Adams, Franklin and a protesting Thomas Jefferson  of Virginia who was heading home that night. Adams sends for Jefferson's wife so the declaration can be prepared by the otherwise distracted Jefferson. Both Adams and Franklin are quite taken with the young Martha Jefferson . While maneuvering to get the required unanimous majority for the vote on independence, Adams, Franklin and Samuel Chase  of Maryland visit the colonial army encamped in New Brunswick, New Jersey, at the request of General Washington to help convince Maryland. Upon returning, the declaration is being read and then subsequently debated and amended. The Southern delegates, lead by Edward Rutledge  of South Carolina, walk out of Congress when the slavery clause is not removed. After removing that clause, 11 colonies are in favor, and New York continues to abstain. The question is down to the colony of Pennsylvania and the vote of Judge James Wilson , who always follows Dickinson's lead. Wilson votes with the rest of Congress as part of the majority. Finally, with the Declaration of Independence ready to be signed, each colony  affixes their signature to the Declaration, establishing the United States on July 4, 1776.
3435387	2	The aspiring mystery writer Mickey Raymond  travels to Malta to research her first novel and falls in love with a handsome, mysterious American . She is drawn into a conspiracy both fuelled by her vivid imagination and real-world drama. David Suchet plays a local police official who seemingly is one step behind events. Raymond's odd luck leads her to become embroiled in an international plutonium smuggling ring and comedic chaos ensues.
32047926	1	A Post-Apocalyptic Spaghetti Western. Governor pardons gunslinger sentenced to death in order to have him kill another gunslinger. Doesn't tell about the girl. Complications ensue.
12537943	2	With a high content of film noir and set in Argentina, with the reunion of two brothers, the story follows the rivalries born out of creative differences passed down through generations of an artistic Italian immigrant family.{{cite web}}
606614	3	Buster Edwards  is a petty criminal from the East End of 1960s London. His long-suffering wife June  thinks of him as a loveable rogue and cannot believe it when she learns of his involvement in the Great Train Robbery. For several months after the robbery, Buster and June are in hiding with their young daughter Nicky  until they are turned in to the police by a suspicious neighbour. Buster flees to Acapulco where he is met by fellow Great Train Robber Bruce Reynolds ([[Larry Lamb  and his girlfriend Franny Reynolds  who are also on the run and living it up in the sun with the profits of their crime. June and Nicky arrive despite the disapproval of her mother  and although Nicky seems to love her new life in the sun, June is immediately not keen on their new way of life, resolving to return to England, despite knowing that if Buster is to return with them, then this will mean imprisonment for him. Buster remains in Acapulco for some time after June leaves, until realising  that despite him having money and the sun, it means nothing if he doesn't have his family and returns to England to accept his punishment. The film closes, 12 years after Buster's release from jail, seemingly content and running a flower stall near Waterloo Bridge on the Thames.
13007814	2	Henry Wilton is a successful financier who is returning to America after a year away in Europe helping to arrange war debt repayments. He looks forward to being reunited with his family, including his much-younger second wife Emmy, his daughter Peggy and his son Eddie. However, when he arrives in his hometown on the train the only one there to greet him is his butler, Connors, much to Henry's dismay. The butler informs him that he is home a day earlier than expected, and that Peggy is an aspiring actress and Eddie is a polo player. They visit Eddie at the polo field, then arrive home, where they find that Emmy is having guests over at a music recital by composer Pietro Rafaelo. Henry further finds that in his absence Emmy has redecorated his bedroom in the Art Nouveau style, and removed his comfortable chair, which Connors has taken for safekeeping. While in Connors' room, Henry is visited by George Struthers, Peggy's fortune-hunting fiance who she plans to marry for his money. Henry tries to buy a stock from Partington, his business rival, who refuses to honour an agreement they had to sell it at a certain price, claiming that the agreement is not in writing. Meanwhile, the Wilton family are rarely spending much time together, and Henry becomes tired of his family's hectic social schedule. When Connors tells him that the poor can't go out too often, Henry decides to feign poverty to test his family's mettle. Accordingly, Henry tells his wife and children that he is ruined, and they rally to his side. They decide to give up their plans and stay home for dinner, leading to a frantic effort by the servants to come up with food. Furthermore, Emmy regrets her extravagance, Peggy gives up her engagement to George for Larry Rivers, who she is really in love with, and Eddie decides to get a job as a pilot, and goes to Partington for a letter of introduction. Partington is delighted to hear that Henry is ruined, and assumes that the stock he holds will lose its value and wants to get rid of it as soon as possible. Henry then buys Partington's stock by acting through a third party, at a price lower than that they had agreed upon, and that Partington had paid for it in the first place. Meanwhile, Emmy says she is going out for a walk, and goes off in a car with Pietro. Avenged on his rival, Henry comes home and tells his children that he is not ruined after all, but they tell him that Emmy has gone out and seems to have deserted him. However, Emmy comes back and tells them that she had gone out to pawn her jewelry in order to help him, and that she was happiest when they were poor and could not go out, and thus able to spend time as a family.
15422381	3	The film tells the story of Mónica Erigaray , who is twenty years old and lives with her parents Ernesto Erigaray  and Inés . Seventeen years ago the Erigarays left Argentina and moved to Spain to live a peaceful and quiet life. However, things change rather abruptly when a famous Argentinian writer named Bruno Leardi  claims that Mónica is in reality his granddaughter named Diana, daughter of his son Diego Liardi who disappeared during the Dirty War in Argentina. At one point in the film Ernesto Erigaray and his cohorts accost Bruno and make it clear that harm will come to him if he persists with his accusations and attempts to see Mónica. Erigaray decides to confront Bruno in his hotel room, but nothing is settled. The family ends up in a Court approved hearing and Ernesto Erigaray is accused of being the Argentine torturer known by his men as "El Sapo"  who did his nasty work in a place known as "the Cesspit." Subsequently, DNA tests prove that Mónica is indeed the daughter of Diego Liardi and Sara Pereira . Mónica leaves the Erigaray's and they are arrested and tried for the murder of a Spanish citizen and Mónica's illegal abduction. One year later Mónica travels to Buenos Aires and marches with the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo. She drops by her grandfather's home and tells him Diana has come to call on him. The film ends with the dedication: :To the mothers and grandmothers of Plaza del Mayo, and to those who resist the abduction of our memories.
17273758	2	Silent Madden, a criminal leader in San Francisco, and his gangster daughter Molly  have forsaken a life of crime after receiving counsel from Chang Lo, a Confucianist philosopher living in Chinatown. A despicable gangster named Black Mike Sylva  frames Molly's father for murder, causing Molly to lose faith in abiding the law and prompting her return to a life of crime. Black Mike plots to double-cross Molly as well during a jewelry theft, but Molly gets word from her gangster lover and foils Black Mike's plans. While hiding out from the law, Molly's hard heart is slowly melted by her gangster lover. The film ends with a climactic shootout.
2822925	2	Paul Robaix , a famous director, wants to shoot a film in Japan inspired by Madama Butterfly. His wife, an actress named Lucy Dell , has been the leading lady in all of his greatest films, and she is more famous. He feels that she overshadows him and he would like to achieve success independent of her. By choosing to film Madame Butterfly, he can select a different leading lady without hurting her feelings, because she, as a blue eyed, red headed woman, would not be suitable to play a Japanese woman. As a surprise, she visits him in Japan while he's searching for a leading lady. To surprise him further, she disguises herself as a geisha at a dinner party, planning to unveil her identity during the meal. But she is delighted to discover that everyone at the dinner party, including her husband, believes her to be a Japanese woman. When she learns that the studio has decided to only give her husband enough funds to film the movie in black and white because there are no big stars in the film, she decides that she will audition for the role of Butterfly, without telling her husband, but that the studio will know and therefore give him the budget he needs to make the film he wants. She gets the part and is wonderful. Through the course of the film Lucy Dell begins to become concerned that Yoko will steal her husbands affections. Though he never did develop feelings for "Yoko". When viewing the film's negatives, with the colors reversed, he figures out her duplicity and, thinking she is doing it to steal credit from him so that once again he will not get the artistic praise he deserves, he becomes furious. To retaliate, he decides to proposition Yoko. Greatly distressed, she flees. Paul then entertains the idea of divorce for what he sees as him being betrayed by his wife. Their "reunion" before the premiere is cold, Paul believing she will expose her identity there for betraying him, and Lucy believing that Paul was trying to sleep with Yoko. Her original plan was, at the end of the premiere, to reveal Yoko's true identity, which will astound Hollywood and practically guarantee her an Oscar. Instead, her then trusted friend, Kazumi, gives her a present of a fan that was owned by a very popular geisha. The fan was inscribed with the saying: "No one before you, my husband, not even I." So, she takes off her geisha makeup, appears as herself, tells everyone that Yoko went into a convent and will no longer be performing, and keeps her identity secret. She and her husband reconcile when he informs Lucy that he knew she was Yoko.
30441014	2	In a suburb of Strasbourg, Alsace, France, ten year old boy, Max, spends his summer vacation with his grandmother. He hears Manouche gypsy Romani music being played in a local bar, and loves it. He goes to visit the gypsies in search of a guitar, where he meets a young Romani tomboy, 'Swing'. She introduces Max to her gypsy community who live in caravans and down-at-heel public housing. Over several days, Max is taken into the community to witness Romani lifestyle, traditions, knowledge of plants, and particularly their Manouche music. Max is particularly fascinated by Miraldo, the Romani guitarist he first heard in the bar, and asks to take guitar lessons with him . Max and Swing develop a close bond, set to many strong and catchy musical moments . Max hears from a chainsmoking grandmother  how she and one other child were the sole survivors of a group or Romani interred and shot durimg the Second World War. The mixed Algerian/Romany heritage of the Director is given homage by featuring a musical jam session with Miraldo and Khalid, played by Abdellatif Chaarani. The film comes to a climax as Max finally learns to play a gypsy tune during his lesson, but just as we surmise Miraldo has succeeded in teaching him, he suffers a heart attack outside his caravan and sadly dies. Following Romany tradition, Miraldo's caravan and personal effects are burned. Max's holiday comes to an end, and Max and Swing part company with sadness. The implication is that Max's Gadjo status  is a gulf between them.
28721791	2	Minako is a quiet junior high school student being raised by her overworked single father. This movie is a portrait of the relationship between Minako and Yu, Minako's younger half-sister who loves to ballet dance. Minako is at the age where her father is more like an alien to her than a person. The situation is exacerbated when he comes home drunk one night and tries to climb on top of her. Minako's mother deserted them for another man when Minako was a child. Now working as a hostess, she has little time for her own six year-old daughter, Yu, Minako's half sister. Both girls are yearning for their mother's love. Minako runs into Yu at a game center in the mall and proposes they take a trip. She changes out of her school uniform and into adult clothes and the pair hops on an overnight bus out of the city. It gets dark and both parents start to panic.Singapore Japanese Film Festival Website On a whim, Minako takes Yu to the remote house of their grandparents  near the sea. As she spends time taking care and playing with her little sister, Minako takes on the role of a mother,playing and looking after her little half-sister. She becomes aware of her own situation. As she plays, her mind drifts back to memories of her own, happy childhood. Although now at an age where she feels more distanced from her father, the resentment she bears her mother for having deserted her and her father, remains unbroken.
20989675	2	The nice wit and the Lucerito's skill to transform and to change constantly of personality, confuse three lunatics and crazy agents of the international service that pursue with great earnestness to the dangerous and mischievous delinquent, causing amusing situations http://www.blockbuster.com.mx/BBFILMDesc.asp?Page4867.
8077187	1	The story is about a young widow named Drishti . She is a psychic and has the gift of seeing into the future of anybody. After her break up with boyfriend Manav  who truly loved her but had to move away to a different city, Drishti moves to a small remote village, where she meets Mohit , an eccentric car mechanic who needs psychiatric treatment. Mohit has a crush on Drishti, which Drishti is unaware of. She begins a job of Tarot card reading, and her first customer is Rhea Trehan . Rhea is a young model, who is repeatedly beaten up by her husband Sunny . Rhea pleads for help to Drishti, when Drishti agrees to help her. Until, Drishti's son coming home from school one day, is attacked by Sunny, who calls Drishti a witch. Sunny also breaks into their house and says that if Rhea comes here again, she would die. When Mohit investigates that Drishti is being troubled by Sunny, the two beat each other up badly. After the brawl, Sunny is seen nowhere near Drishti. Drishti is living happily, until one day, the daughter of Mayor Raja Bahadur Singh , who is Natasha  suddenly goes missing. Her fiancé Rahul  comes to Drishti and asks her for her help to find Natasha. Since Rahul is Drishti's son's school principal, she accepts. Drishti, Rahul and Mohit set out to look for Natasha, but it is of no use. When Drishti sees a vision of Natasha hanging in a river. Drishti informs Rahul and the police, and they all rush to the river, only to realize that the river is owned by Sunny. Sunny is then arrested, and the case of Natasha's murder is handed to ACP Ranbir Singh  who doesn't believe of Drishti's gift. When Sunny is found guilty by lawyer Abhi Gupta  he is then sent to jail. However, Drishti still keeps on seeing visions and understands that Sunny is not the killer. Part of her vision tells her that lawyer Abhi had been connected to the murder. She spies on Abhi, who sees her. He explains to her that Natasha and him used to be a couple. They were just about to get married, until Natasha found out that he was only going to marry her for the money and properties. Then she left him, so Abhi told Sunny to break her heart by pretending to love her, and then leave her like she did to him. Though, Sunny truly fell in love with her and told Abhi that he is going to marry her. Abhi and Sunny had a scuffle, and Rhea found out about it, which is why Sunny is always beating her. Then, Drishti goes to meet Sunny in jail, who is furious with Drishti. He tells her that after him and Abhi had a fight, and he was going to marry Natasha, she left him again for Rahul. At the engagement party of Rahul and Natasha, Rahul had to leave early, so Sunny gave Natasha a ride home, and also tried to rape her. Natasha slapped him and ran away but Sunny left her and went home. Drishti goes to Mohit's house to tell him everything, only to realize Mohit has forcefully been taken to a mental asylum for burning his father down. She then goes to Rahul to tell him everything, but on her way, she sees the last vision, of Rahul murdering Natasha. By the time she stops the car, Rahul reaches and investigates that Drishti has found out the truth. He explains that after Natasha slapped Sunny and ran away from him, she reached the river where Rahul was waiting for her, and hung her. He also tells her that he was going to murder her father Mayor Raja Bahadur so he could be the next mayor and inherit their money and property. Drishti runs, and he begins to chase her, and the two end up at the same river. Mohit jumps out and rescues Drishti by smashing a bottle on Rahul's head, causing him to collapse. Mohit explains to Drishti that he escaped from the asylum, and takes her to the police station with Rahul unconscious. Mohit insists of staying in the car, and lets Drishti go inside. Drishti sees ACP Ranbir who takes Rahul into custody. He congratulates her for knocking him out single-handed, when Drishti replies that Mohit helped her. Shocked Ranbir, sadly tells Drishti that Mohit commit suicide in the asylum. She runs outside to check the car, only to see that his seat is empty. Sunny is released, and stops hitting Rhea. Raja Bahadur remains Mayor. Rahul is sentences to death in court, and Drishti gets back together with her ex-boyfriend Manav.
6312422	3	Alumnae of Mount Holyoke College  meet for lunch one day in 1978 and talk about their time together in college. The play is thus a series of flashbacks to the 1972-1973 school year as eight seniors and one freshman try to "discover themselves" in the wake of second-wave feminism.
19190602	2	Dorothy North is the four-year-old child of the wealthy lawyer Winfred North. Her mother is deceased and her father is remarrying widow Helen Stillwell. Helen is annoyed with the presence of Dorothy and treats her as if she is always in the way. She runs away home and is taken under care by missionaries. While Dorothy accompanies her new foster parents to Africa, Helen informs Winfred his daughter is lost. Winfred unsuccessfully tries to find Dorothy, who is growing up to a young woman in Africa. At the age of fifteen, her foster parents are killed by Zulus. She is separated from her sweetheart John Armstrong and boards back to America. Here, she finds employment in a florist shop. John followes her to New York City and locates her real father. They are all reunited and Winfred breaks with his Helen.TCM Review Synopsis
28433267	3	Ben is haunted by painful memories of his abusive father, and is suffering even more at present due to his increasingly eccentric mother. He is eventually toughened by this condition. Sam, meanwhile, is still grieving the murder of his activist boyfriend. Both boys turn to recreational activities to forget their painful precedents; Ben becomes involved in basketball, while Sam takes up dancing. Although Ben is surrounded by friends, he is unhappy, until a deep emotional connection and mutual admiration brings Ben and Sam together. Although Ben is confused, Sam is persistent and sincere, and their liaison eventually blossoms into something deeper.{{cite web}}
8212258	2	The film is based around the interactions of a homosexual triad group with a police officer as well as opposing yakuza organizations. When the younger brother to a renegade police officer becomes the lawyer to the triad group, an argument between the two leads to the downfall of the organization.
14144230	3	In 1697, agents Richard Dale and Alan Duncan are sent on an undercover mission by the British Fleet to find and gather information on the notorious pirate, Captain William Kidd. Dale and Duncan soon join Kidd's crew and discover, to their surprise, that the Captain is far different than they had expected.
22276357	2	The young gunman Lot McGuire  does not support the idea that there is anyone faster than him with his revolver. That is why traveling to a city with the intention of forcing a duel with Marshal Dan Blaine  he is a man renowned for his skillful handling of weapons.
27459231	3	Underworld attorney Leo Barnes hires Gus Monk to safeguard a valuable envelope containing information on a mobster. Monk refuses — until he meets Mrs. Barnes and jumps on a merry-go-round of viciousness and murder.
497081	2	The film depicts approximately 19 consecutive hours in the lives of three friends in their early twenties from immigrant families living in an impoverished multi-ethnic French housing project  in the suburbs of Paris, in the aftermath of a riot. Vinz , who is Jewish, is filled with rage. He sees himself as a gangster ready to win respect by killing a cop, manically practicing the role of Travis Bickle from the film Taxi Driver in the mirror secretly. His attitude towards police, for instance, is a simplified, stylized blanket condemnation, even to individual policemen who make an effort to steer the trio clear of troublesome situations. Hubert  is an Afro-French boxer and small time drug dealer, the most mature of the three, whose gymnasium was burned in the riots. The quietest, most thoughtful and wisest of the three, he sadly contemplates the ghetto and the hate around him. He expresses the wish to simply leave this decadent world of violence and hate behind him, but does not know how since he lacks the means to do so. Saïd - Sayid in some English subtitles -  is a Maghrebin who inhabits the middle ground between his two friends' responses to their place in life. A friend of theirs, Abdel Ichaha, has been brutalized by the police shortly before the riot and lies in a coma. Vinz finds a policeman's .44 Magnum revolver, lost in the riot. He vows that if their friend dies from his injuries, he will use it to kill a cop, and when he hears of Abdel's death he fantasizes carrying out his vengeance. The three go through an aimless daily routine and struggle to entertain themselves, frequently finding themselves under police scrutiny. They take a train to Paris but encounter many of the same frustrations, and their responses to interactions with both benign and malicious Parisians cause several situations to degenerate to dangerous hostility. A run-in with sadistic plainclothes police, during which Saïd and Hubert are humiliated and physically abused, results in their missing the last train home and spending the night on the streets. They go to a roof-top from which they insult skinheads and policemen, before later encountering the same group of racist anti-immigrant skinheads who begin to beat Saïd and Hubert savagely, now that the balance of power has shifted. Vinz suddenly arrives, and his gun allows him to break up the fight; all the skinheads flee except one  whom Vinz is about to execute in cold blood. His dream of revenge is thwarted by his reluctance to go through with the deed, and, cleverly goaded by Hubert, he is forced to confront the fact that his true nature is not the heartless gangster he poses as, and he lets the skinhead flee. Early in the morning, the trio return to the banlieue and split up to their separate homes, and Vinz turns the gun over to Hubert, either attempting to relinquish his destructive tendencies or simply "passing the buck". However, Vinz and Saïd encounter a plainclothes policeman, whom Vinz had insulted earlier in the day whilst with his friends on a local rooftop. The policeman grabs and threatens Vinz, making reference to the earlier incident on the roof. Hubert rushes to their aid, but as the policeman holding Vinz taunts him with a loaded gun held to Vinz's head, the gun accidentally goes off, killing Vinz instantly. Hubert and the policeman slowly and deliberately point their guns at each other, and as the film cuts to Saïd closing his eyes and cuts to black, a shot is heard on the soundtrack, with no indication of who fired or who may have been hit. This stand-off is underlined by a voice-over of Hubert's slightly modified opening lines , underlining the fact that, as the lines say, jusqu'ici tout va bien ; i.e. all seems to be going relatively well until Vinz is killed, and from there no one knows what will happen, a microcosm of French society's descent through hostility into pointless violence.
23013129	2	The film is about Benny Chacko  who is a cable operator and has dreams of getting rich. His friend  gives him the idea of getting married so that with the dowry he can fulfill his dreams. Benny marries Daisy . But to his dismay, he doesn't get a dowry even after the marriage. This hurts his emotions and his relations go bad from then. Even after three months of his marriage, he does not get the dowry and so in anger he sends Daisy to her home. He later learns that Daisy wins a lottery for 2 crores and now he wants to build up the relation but Daisy is not that friendly and nor is her parents. Benny suspects that she is having an affair with her childhood friend and is going to get married. In the interim, Benny's sister gets an alliance and they demand a dowry of 10 lakhs. Benny finds no way of accumulating that amount. When the day of his sisters marriage he was unable to face everybody so he left to abandoned place near his home. But Benny's friend Kunjabdulla  found him and returned to him back home. In the mean time Daisy given the money for Benny's sister's marriage and the function will go well and Daisy back to Benny's life.
23094610	1	In the faraway land of Mirabilis, the warlord Dragon-Eye has unleashed his terrifying forces to hunt down the source of all power, a legendary Crucible. With freedom hanging in the balance, a motley band of knights embarks on a dangerous mission to fight against the dreaded assassins, dragons and soldiers of Dragon-Eye and rescue their world from the clutches of evil once and for all.
29271392	2	A womanising playboy becomes tired of his philandering lifestyle and asks his current girlfriend to marry him. At the wedding reception, his best man makes a speech treating the entire gathering to the finer details of the bridegroom's chequered romantic history. The bride becomes upset, and her new husband is furious with his best friend for being so indiscreet. He whisks her straight out of the wedding hall and they set off on honeymoon. Matters are set for a series of farcical complications and misunderstandings as they start to meet a motley selection of odd characters who do nothing to improve relations between the newly-weds. Then the best friend's wife turns up at the honeymoon location, announcing that she has left her husband in disgust. He is quickly on the scene trying to change her mind, and soon there are two sets of bickering couples going full steam, while the bridgroom and his best friend also clash with each other. The bewildered bride has to try to make up her mind whether or not to stay with her new husband.
4843251	2	Karan Shergill  is a young man who has no goal or plans for his future. His father is a businessman, his brother is a successful individual living in America. His girlfriend, Romi , a student activist and reporter who espouses fashionable causes out of well-meaning sincerity, tells him he needs to find a goal in life. When a friend announces he is going to join the Indian Military Academy , Karan applies as well, despite dissent from his parents. To his surprise, Karan gets selected . But he is undisciplined and unused to the life there and keeps getting into trouble. Upset, he runs away from the academy, which causes Romi to break up with him. Karan finally comes to terms with his situation and makes his decision. He returns to the IMA, takes his punishment, and becomes a focused, disciplined cadet leader, graduating as an officer Lieutenant Karan Shergill. Karan is posted to the 3rd Battalion of the Punjab Regiment, commanded by Col. Sunil Damle  in the Kargil sector, and handles his responsibilities well. Karan comes home on leave and finds out that Romi is getting engaged; he goes to the ceremony to congratulate her. Karan is recalled to his post as his leave is cut short due to outbreak of hostilities in Kargil. He reports back to his post where he is promoted to the rank of Acting Captain. His battalion CO briefs the officers on the latest situation. The battalion has been assigned to secure Point 5179, a crucial vantage point dominating the army's main supply line, the NH1D. The first part of the assault is successful. The battalion destroys the enemy's screening units with Karan cited for his bravery in saving another officer's life. Meanwhile, Romi gets stationed as war correspondent, where she meets a metamorphosized Karan. Karan learns that Romi broke off her engagement. She tries to renew her relationship with him amidst the war, but this time Karan declines her. In the second phase of the assault Karan's unit engages in a failed attempt to storm and capture the Pakistani strongholds on the mountain. The Pakistanis have the advantage due to their strategic position and deal the unit heavy losses during the attack. Capt. Shergill and a group of 12 are next given orders to encircle the enemy position and attack it from behind. To do this, they must scale a 1000-foot rock wall. Karan realizes that he has finally found his lakshya  in the form of the wall. After the unit sustains an attack in a grass field and loses their commanding officer, the remaining men scale the cliff and attack the Pakistani stronghold during the night. The movie ends with Col. Damle looking out across the mountains the next morning, to see an injured Capt. Karan hoisting the Indian flag atop the ruins of the stronghold. Karan's father, who was sceptical and disapproving of him, is now proud of his son. Karan is given a leave following his condition, whereupon he and Romi reunite.
20938164	3	An elderly woman, nicknamed "Peege" and played by Jeanette Nolan, lives in a nursing home where she is suffering from blindness and ailing mental faculties. Her family makes regular visits to her every Christmas, but her poor health makes these occasions awkward for everyone else. The conversation is stilted until the family goes to leave, when one of the grandsons  remains behind briefly. He recounts to his grandmother that when he was a young boy her laugh would "always make [him] happy",
2821897	1	The plot involves Hemingford, Nebraska, a town near Gatlin . The people of Hemingford decide to adopt the surviving sadistic, savages of children in Gatlin, intending to help the children start new lives. Unfortunately for the well-meaning locals, the children go out to the cornfield where one of the corn cult members, Micah, has been possessed by a demon sent by He Who Walks Behind The Rows, the demonic entity the cult worships. Caught in the middle are reporter John Garret and his son Danny, who have a troubled relationship. John is in town working on a story about the children. He runs into two of his former coworkers, Bobby and Mac, who are leaving town and are soon killed by He Who Walks Behind The Rows. John begins a relationship with bed and breakfast owner Angela. Danny spends most of his time with a local, orphan girl, Lacey. Micah and the other children murder a local woman, Ruby Burke by dropping her house on her. Then they kill another member of the town by using a type of voodoo doll causing him to bleed to death. John begins to ask the town doctor questions about what is going on, but the doctor acts suspiciously and asks John to leave. The doctor is later stabbed to death by the children. Micah and the children then kill Mrs. Burke's sister, but it appears as if she was simply hit by a car. John teams up with Frank Red Bear, a professor at a nearby University to try and figure out what is going on. They discover that the residents of the town are planning to sell spoiled corn from the previous year's harvest along with the new crop. The spoiled corn has a toxin growing on it which they believe is the source of the children's delusions. The town Sheriff captures them, ties them up, and tries to kill them with a corn harvester, but they escape. The Sheriff and the rest of the town attend a meeting, but the children lock them inside and set the building on fire killing all of them. The children kidnap Angela and Lacey and bring them out into the cornfield. Danny agrees to join the children and Micah orders him to sacrifice Lacey. Danny hesitates, then John and Frank arrive driving the harvester. One of the children shoots Frank with an arrow and he is apparently killed. Danny and John free Lacey and Angela and attempt to escape, but they are eventually captured. Micah begins to harness the power of He Who Walks Behind The Rows. Then, Frank, who is still alive, starts up the harvester before he finally dies. Micah's robe gets caught in it, and calls for Danny to help. Danny hesitates but doesn't leave. Then, Micah's face transforms into the demon that possessed him. The demon then leaves him, making Micah himself again. Danny runs to help him but is too late. The rest of the children scatter, and Danny, Angela, Lacey, and John leave the clearing. Later, John and Danny reconcile and then they, Lacey, and Angela burn Frank's body and give him a funeral before they all drive off together away from Nebraska.
36080533	1	A group of Amsterdam artists try to set up an erotic show in a Berlin nightclub. When the show flops, the group fades away into alcohol abuse and sexual excesses. The Virgin Mary manifests herself to the group and offers them happiness.
6034093	2	Victoria Layton  is a suburban housewife who is dissatisfied with her marriage and fears that her sex appeal is fading. Her husband ([[Patrick O'Neal  works as a press agent, and his only client is a movie star who is known as an international sex symbol . Upon hearing that The Movie Star  indulges in the services of prostitutes, Victoria decides to pose surreptitiously as one in order to prove to herself that she is still sexually attractive.
21509689	2	A mysterious killer is attacking women associated with a blackmail conspiracy. The deranged murderer seizes his victims by paralyzing them with a needle and then slicing open their bellies. It is up to reluctant Inspector Tellini to find out who the killer is, before he too becomes a target.
177776	3	When neglected wife Alice  decides to leave her doctor husband Lawrence ([[Robert Young , his friend Dr. Dulac  stops her and tells her the life story of another woman, naive French farmer's daughter Madelon Claudet . She is persuaded by her American boyfriend, artist Larry Maynard ([[Neil Hamilton , to run away with him. Eventually, he has to return to the U.S. because his father is sick. Once there however, he betrays her and marries a woman approved of by his parents. Unbeknownst to him, Madelon gives birth to a son. When her lover does not come back, her father  gets her to agree to marry Hubert , a farmer. However, when she refuses to give up her illegitimate son, Hubert and her father abandon her. She becomes the mistress of an older acquaintance, Count Carlo Boretti , while her friends Rosalie  and Victor Lebeau  care for the boy. After a while, Carlo proposes marriage and Madelon accepts. However, when they go out to celebrate, he is arrested as a jewel thief. He manages to commit suicide, but Madelon is sentenced to ten years in prison as his accomplice, even though she is innocent. When she finally is released in 1919, she goes to see her teenage son Lawrence, now living at a state boarding school. A conversation with the school's doctor proves crucial. Dr. Dulac reveals that because his father was a criminal, he cannot get better work elsewhere. Determined not to become a similar burden to her own child, she tells her son his mother is dead. Madelon is determined to finance Lawrence's medical education, but with the end of World War I, millions of Frenchmen are released from the army and jobs are scarce. When a man mistakes her for a prostitute, she takes up the profession. As she ages and loses her looks, she is forced to steal as well, but finally, her goal is realized, and Lawrence receives his degree. Aged and destitute, she decides to give up her freedom and commit herself to state charity, but visits her son one last time, pretending to be a patient. When she leaves, she encounters Dr. Dulac, who recognizes her and persuades his friend Dr. Claudet, still unaware of her true identity, to provide for her. After hearing of the woman's self-sacrifice, Alice Claudet suggests to Lawrence he invite Madelon to live with them.
2160135	2	Set in the legendary town of Tombstone, Arizona, and centers on former gunslinger Wyatt Earp who has been recently deputized and is helping the sheriff round up criminals. Earp becomes a lawman after he sees an outlaw accidentally kill a child during a showdown. Earp's brothers and Doc Holliday help him take on the outlaw and his gang. More trouble ensues when the sheriff becomes involved with the gang. Earp manages to get them on robbery charges and the situation finally culminates at the infamous O.K. Corral.
1022698	3	In 1807, during the Napoleonic Wars, English Royal Navy Captain Horatio Hornblower  commands the 36-gun frigate HMS Lydia on a lengthy secret mission to Central America. He is to provide arms and support to a megalomaniac calling himself "El Supremo" or "The Almighty"  in his rebellion against Spain, an ally of Britain's enemy France. As Hornblower observes to First Lieutenant Bush , "War breeds strange allies." Upon his arrival, Hornblower is told that a larger, much more powerful Spanish warship, the 60-gun Natividad, has been sighted. When it anchors nearby, Hornblower and his crew board and capture it in a surprise nighttime attack. He then reluctantly hands the ship over to El Supremo to appease the madman, and they go their separate ways. Later, he encounters a small Spanish vessel and learns that Spain has switched sides, so the Lydia will have to attack the Natividad again. Two passengers transfer to the Lydia : Lady Barbara Wellesley  and her maid, fleeing a yellow fever epidemic. As Lady Barbara is the  sister of the Duke of Wellington , Hornblower is in no position to refuse her request for passage to England. Using masterful tactics, Hornblower sinks the Natividad, and when the ship's surgeon is killed in the battle, Lady Barbara insists on helping by nursing the wounded. When she later falls gravely ill, Hornblower nurses her back to health. On the voyage back to England, they fall in love. However, when she makes advances , Hornblower informs her he is married. After arriving home, Hornblower learns that his wife has died in childbirth, leaving him an infant son. He is given command of the Sutherland, a powerful ship of the line captured from the French, and is assigned to a squadron commanded by Rear Admiral Leighton , Lady Barbara's new husband. The squadron's mission is to help enforce the British blockade against Napoleonic France. At a conference on Leighton's flagship, Hornblower learns that four French ships of the line have broken the blockade. Leighton assumes they will make for the Mediterranean, but Hornblower suggests that they mean to support Napoleon's campaign on the Iberian Peninsula. Leighton decides to cover both possibilities by detaching one ship to patrol the French coast. When he learns that Hornblower's Sutherland is best suited for this task, having the shallowest draught, he becomes suspicious that Hornblower is after glory and prize money. Leighton therefore expressly forbids Hornblower from taking any independent action if he sights the French. Hornblower's French-built ship is subsequently mistaken for a friendly vessel by a small French brig, which flies the enemy's recognition signal for the day. After capturing the vessel, Hornblower learns from interrogating its captain that he was transporting army supplies to the four warships for use in Spain. Rather than return to the squadron, Hornblower sends the brig back with a prize crew and the news. He enters the enemy harbour where the French ships are anchored and guarded by a well-armed fort. By flying a French flag and the recognition signal and taking advantage of the appearance of his ship's French design, Hornblower fools the garrison into believing that the Sutherland is friendly. His gun crews dismast all four enemy ships before French cannon fire forces the British to abandon the Sutherland. Hornblower scuttles his ship in the channel, bottling up the French ships. As the rest of the British squadron arrives to complete the job, Hornblower and Bush, accompanied by seaman Quist , are taken by carriage to Paris to be tried for piracy. However, they manage to escape en route and make their way to the port of Nantes. Disguised as Dutch officers, they board The Witch of Endor, a captured British ship. They overpower the skeleton crew, free a working party of British prisoners of war to man her, and sail away to freedom. Hornblower is hailed as a national hero, and learns that Leighton was killed in the battle. Hornblower returns home to visit his young son, and finds Lady Barbara there. The two embrace.
24477995	2	Ravi  lives in Tuticorin. He aspires to become a policeman like his idol, Police Officer Devaraj IPS . After completing his higher education, he joins a college in Chennai, and also earns a living by driving an auto rickshaw. During the course, he meets Suseela  and falls in love with her instantly. With the help of her grandmother, he succeeds in winning Suseela's heart. Soon, Ravi comes across a local thug, Chella , who tries to play spoilsport in the life of his classmate Uma . Ravi comes to her defense and defeats Chella, hospitalizing him. His troubles start as Chella's father, a criminal don named Vedanayakam , with the help of a corrupt police officer Kattabomman , begins to create havoc in Ravi's life. Ravi himself is thrown in jail on a false case and is expelled from college. Only Suseela is willing to actively help him. As Ravi turns to his mentor Devaraj for help, he shockingly learns that Devaraj's family has died at the hands of Vedanayakam and that Devaraj himself has been blinded by Vedanayagam and is helpless. It is at this stage that Ravi takes up a new persona called "Police" Ravi to clean up the illegal activities of Vedanayagam and instill hope in the public, something that Devaraj was unable to do. In the process, however, Vedanayagam kills Ravi's close friend Sugu , prompting Ravi to kill Chella in retribution. Vedanayagam decides soon after to become a minister, knowing that it is the only way to put a stop to Ravi's activities. As Ravi finally plans to kill Vedanayagam, knowing the danger of him becoming a minister, the police arrive to arrest Ravi. However, Ravi sees Devaraj in the crowd and announces Vedanayagam's location to him just as he is being arrested, allowing Devaraj to shoot and kill Vedanayagam, effectively taking his revenge. In the end, Devaraj is re-instituted into the police force and agrees to make Ravi a police officer. However, Ravi states that he does not need to become one, for he has found the police officer within himself and that is all he needs to succeed in life. The film ends as Ravi happily leaves with Suseela and his friends.
26748825	2	While an obscene audio tape is played, a young woman has sex. She becomes obsessed with the recording and can only achieve orgasm if she is listening to it. Complications ensue when her boyfriend becomes troubled by the tape and is unable to perform sexually while it is being played.<ref nameCowie|firstWorld Filmography 1967|yearTantivy Press|location0-498-01565-3|pageJapan}}<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 270|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}
31958173	3	Sevarkodi based on real story in Thiruchendur. famous swimming champion Arun balaji playing hero role. The famous festival Thiruchendur Soorasamharam events shot for this movie.{{cite web}}
187091	2	The film begins with the arrest of a shoplifter  and her booking at the 21st police precinct in New York City. Outside, Det. Jim McLeod  is sharing a romantic moment with his wife Mary , and they discuss the children they are planning to have. He returns to the precinct to process a young embezzler named Arthur Kindred ([[Craig Hill . McLeod then encounters Endicott Sims , lawyer of Karl Schneider , a New Jersey doctor who has had his license revoked and is now wanted on murder charges. Sims informs Lieutenant Monahan  that Schneider wants to turn himself in to avoid the wrath of McLeod, who has apparently been conducting an ongoing hate campaign against the doctor, who is known to perform abortions. McLeod professes his hatred of Schneider, and in fact all criminals, lamenting that the law merely "coddles them." Two burglars, Charley Gennini (Joseph Wiseman, who played the title role in the first James Bond film [[Dr. No  and Lewis Abbott , are brought in. With his partner Brody's  help, McLeod interrogates the men and manages to turn Abbott against Gennini. Further investigation proves that Gennini essentially makes a living out of thievery. When his record comes in it turns out that he has done far worse than stealing. When Schneider arrives with Sims, McLeod informs him that his assistant, Miss Hatch , has implicated him and will pick him out of a line-up. To McLeod's disgust, Schneider has bribed Hatch with a fur coat, and she fails to identify him. McLeod explodes and calls Hatch a liar before dismissing her. He admits to reporter Joe Feinson  that his hatred for his father and "his criminal mind"  is what fuels his crusade against evil-doers. McLeod then takes Schneider to Bellevue Hospital where a young victim of Schneider's work is being treated. However, McLeod learns that the woman has died, and without her identification, there is no case against Schneider. As they head back to the precinct, Schneider threatens McLeod with information he apparently has on the detective, taunting him that he has a lot of pull in high places. McLeod responds by slapping and punching Schneider until he suddenly collapses. As an ambulance is called Schneider mentions the name "Giacoppetti" and a woman to Monahan, which presumably has something to do with McLeod. When Sims comes by to berate McLeod and Monahan he inadvertently reveals - only in the presence of Monahan - that the woman is Mary McLeod. Arthur's boss, Albert R. Pritchett , comes to the precinct to file charges against Arthur. His old family friend Susan  arrives and gives Pritchett $120 she scraped together hoping no charges are filed against her friend. McLeod calls Arthur a thief and tries to dissuade Susan, but she pleads with Pritchett, swearing that the funds will be repaid the next day. In truth, Arthur stole the money to pay for a dinner date with an old flame, in a vain attempt to rekindle her interest in him. Brody sympathizes with Arthur and talks Pritchett into accepting Susan's money. Angered by Brody's interference, McLeod essentially bullies Pritchett into filing charges, stating that a first offender always becomes a repeat offender , and no mercy should be shown to them. Mary McLeod arrives at the station and talks with Lt. Monahan about knowing Giacoppetti - a racketeer who used to date Mary - and Schneider. She denies knowing them, but when Giacoppetti walks in and greets her, she bursts into tears. Giacoppetti, pressured by Monahan, admits that Mary had gotten pregnant while they dated and gone to Dr. Schneider for an abortion. Mary confesses to her husband, and once alone with him she asks his forgiveness, but he brutally responds that he'd rather die than find out his wife is "a tramp," and asks if her infertility was caused by Schneider's abortion. Stunned and severely hurt by Jim's reaction, Mary leaves in tears. Later, she comes to the station to say goodbye to McLeod and he pleads with her to stay. Mary relents, but after a snide comment made by Sims about Mary's love life, McLeod falls back on his anger and asks how many men there were before he met her, admitting he cannot wash away the "dirty pictures" in his mind. Calling him cruel and vengeful, she leaves McLeod for good, not wanting be "driven to a lunatic asylum." She vows never to see him again. Gennini, taking advantage of the commotion started when a victim runs into the station yelling she's been robbed, grabs a gun from a policeman's holster and shoots McLeod several times. McLeod, in his dying words, asks for his wife's forgiveness and requests that his colleagues go easy on Arthur Kindred. McLeod then begins an Act of Contrition, which Brody finishes after McLeod dies. A distressed Brody then releases Arthur while admonishing him "not to make a monkey out of me." Arthur and Susan  leave as Monahan calls for a priest and Joe calls his newspaper to inform them of McLeod's death.
30515944	1	It tells about sage Sandipani’s hermitage where Krishna and Kuchela are students and close friends. The difference in social status, caste or creed does not come in the way of their friendship. After leaving the hermitage they lose contact with each other. Krishna becomes the king of Dwaraka, while Kuchela struggles to make ends meet with a huge family. His worship of Krishna causes enmity with the king Sisupala. As requested by his wife Suseela, Kuchela decides to visit his old friend. For him it was a chance to renew their friendship than asking for assistance. Kuchela gets a warm welcome at Dwaraka but forgets to ask what he actually wanted. To his astonishment Krishna sends him back empty handed. But when Kuchela returns home he finds that his modest hut has miraculously been turned into a palace. The Lord had showered prosperity on his family even without asking for it.
2947481	2	Siegmund Breitbart  is the son of an Orthodox Jewish blacksmith in rural Poland. He is fantastically strong, largely from working at hard labor all day. A talent agent sees how strong Breitbart is in his Jewish shtetl home and convinces him to move to Berlin where he can find work as a strongman. Hanussen , an epic con-man and supposed mystic, runs a cabaret variety show. Hanussen gives Breitbart a blonde wig and a Nordic helmet and calls him "Ziegfried" so as to identify him with the Aryan notion of physical superiority. This appeals to the largely Nazi clientele, and he is a big hit. This is a dark comedy but is as much so a deeply dramatic story, involving the mainly secular Jews of Berlin. Included is interaction between Breitbart, an attractive stage musician Marta, their boss who abuses her Hanussen and some very top level Nazis. Ultimately Breitbart becomes disgusted and dismayed. A visit from Breitbart's young brother, Benjamin , convinces Breitbart to be proud of his Jewish heritage, and so, without warning, he takes off the blonde wig in the middle of his act and announces that he is not an "Aryan" and calls himself a new Jewish Samson. This has the effect of making him a hero to the local Jews who flock to the cabaret to see their new Samson. The Nazis aren't as pleased, and Hanussen tries to discredit Breitbart. He tries to make it seem that it was his mystic powers that were the true strength behind the strongman, and makes it look like even his frail female pianist Marta can break chains and lift weights if under his power. Hanussen knows the Nazis dabble in the occult and hopes to become a part of Hitler's future government. Therefore, he hobnobs with the likes of Himmler and Goebbels. In the end, however, he is exposed as a Czech Jewish con artist named Herschel Steinschneider. As a result, Hanussen is kidnapped and murdered by the Brownshirts. Breitbart foresees what will become known as the Holocaust and returns to Poland to warn the Jewish people of its coming. Unfortunately, no one believes him and he accidentally dies from an infected wound, according to the final titles, two days before Hitler takes power in 1933. In the final scene he is in a delirium as a result of the infection. In a moving vision he sees his younger brother Benjamin flying safely away from the looming Holocaust.
9226602	2	When Scott is fired from Local Diner because he assaulted a patron , Scott decides to visit his friend Chuck at the radio station, they decide go to Chuck's dad's cottage to relax. They meet two girls that are pulled off to the side of the road, but decide not to give them a ride, believing that they have a whole week ahead of them to find other girls. That later that evening, while fishing, Scott has visions of a girl called Anna. The next day while Scott and Chuck are fishing, Scott sees an old castle on an island, Chuck explains is an abandoned laboratory. While in fact, the laboratory is not abandoned, but a home to the scientist who goes by the name of Atman. Under Atman's control are a group of women on rollerblades he likes to call "Rollerbabes", led by him main servant he calls "Spike".. which he sends out using radio control device to gather men to eat in order to preserve their beauty . One of the girls: Anna finds herself drawn towards Scott and tries unsuccessfully to escape the island. Scott and Chuck then decide to go rollerblading, but become split up and Chuck is knocked out by two of the rollerbabes and taken back to the castle. Scott is instead targeted by Atman himself, who attempts to attack him with a machete and misses Scott knows he is being surrounded and flees. When he manages to escape, he discovers the town's Sheriff dragging partially devoured human flesh from the river, causing him to realise he must rescue Chuck from the castle. When Scott arrives on the island, he meets an elf called Random, who helps him to hide from the Centurions that guard the island. While trying to enter the Castle the Rollerbabes manage to catch him and, once in the castle, Scott finds Chuck is too late to save. He then has to escape by confronting Atman himself.
445066	1	In the near future, Detroit, Michigan is on the verge of collapse due to financial ruin and unchecked crime. The mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products  enters into a contract with the city to run the police force. OCP plans to destroy "Old Detroit" and replace it with the utopia of "Delta City". Recognizing that human law enforcers are insufficient to stop the crime spree, OCP runs several programs to find robotic replacements. One program, the ED-209 enforcement droid, headed by senior president Dick Jones , malfunctions and kills a junior executive during its demonstration. As a result, the OCP Chairman  opts for a cyborg program helmed by middle-ranking executive Bob Morton , named "RoboCop". Veteran police officer Alex Murphy  is transferred to a new precinct in Old Detroit and is partnered with Anne Lewis ([[Nancy Allen . On their first patrol, they chase down a team of criminals led by crime boss Clarence Boddicker  to an abandoned steel mill. Lewis is later rendered unconscious by one of the gang, while the rest of Boddicker's men corner Murphy and brutally murder him. Murphy is pronounced dead at the hospital and OCP subsequently takes his body and utilizes parts of the remains in the construction of the first RoboCop. RoboCop is able to single-handedly deal with much of the violent crime in the city, causing the rest of the police force to become worried they may be replaced. Unbeknownst to his human monitors, RoboCop still retains memories of his life as Murphy, including brief glimpses of his wife and son, and the action of spinning his gun before holstering it, a trick Murphy had done for his son. Lewis recognizes these elements from Murphy's mannerisms, and tries to learn more from RoboCop, but he remains silent on the issues. Because of RoboCop's success, Morton is promoted to become one of OCP's vice-presidents. Morton's success and arrogance leads Jones to have Boddicker, secretly in his employ, kill the young executive. Meanwhile, an armed gas station holdup by one of Boddicker's men  allows RoboCop to track down Boddicker to a cocaine bunker. RoboCop bursts into the facility and Boddicker reveals his alliance with Dick Jones. Boddicker is arrested and RoboCop visits Jones at his offices at OCP, intending to arrest him as well. During the confrontation, RoboCop's previously unknown fourth directive, preventing him from arresting or harming any senior executive of OCP, activates and incapacitates him. Jones sends an ED-209 against RoboCop. The ED-209 proves incapable of descending a stairway, making it possible for RoboCop to escape. When RoboCop enters the parking complex of the building, a police SWAT team is waiting for him with orders to destroy him. The hail of bullets severely damages RoboCop's armor, but Lewis saves him. Meanwhile, the police launch their long-threatened strike, sending the city into chaos. Jones arranges for Boddicker and his men to be released from prison and provides them with weaponry capable of puncturing RoboCop's heavy armor. Using a tracking device provided by Jones, Boddicker's team converges on the steel mill where RoboCop was recovering from his injuries. RoboCop and Lewis defend themselves and kill the entire gang. Lewis is wounded but survives. RoboCop returns to OCP headquarters and presents evidence of Jones' role in Morton's death to the OCP chairman. Jones quickly grabs a gun and takes the chairman hostage. The chairman, after being told about the Fourth Directive by RoboCop, fires Jones, allowing RoboCop to shoot him. Jones then crashes through the window and falls to his death. The chairman commends RoboCop for his skill and asks for his name, to which RoboCop replies: "Murphy".
9145129	3	The film shows a family of French Basque immigrants pioneering into the Wild West while carrying their ancestral vines. Hard drinking trail driver Lon Bennett is hired to lead them and he falls for the spirited Gabrielle Dauphin. The film is infamous among Basques for its misunderstandings of Basque customs, such as the use of the xistera  as a weapon or shouting irrintzi ululations as meaningful communication.{{Citation needed}}
15182776	2	Mike McDermot  is a rising golf star on the PGA Tour until he is accused of cheating. He supposedly has offered to split a winner's purse with a competitor, Jonathan Linus , if his opponent deliberately misses a final putt. In fact, the competitor is the one who approached him. McDermot refuses, so Jonathan Linus goes to another pro, Tommy Del Gaddo , whose glory days were behind him. Then they turn in McDermot, accusing him of their crime. Linus retires from the PGA Tour and marries into a rich family. His wife  is the daughter of a wealthy businessman in Arizona; through their money, they are now principals  of an exclusive golf club, the El Presidente. Del Gaddo becomes the head pro at the club as reward for supporting Linus in winning the Eastern Open. McDermot, now calling himself Mike Banning, arrives and threatens to expose them, so he is given the assistant pro's job to quiet him. Banning proceeds to lure the club's high rollers to stage a high-wager golf tournament, a Calcutta, in which two-man teams are auctioned off. All money is then put in a pot and split three ways between the teammates and their bidder. Banning must win this tournament to make enough money, $21,000, to pay off the mob, which had bankrolled his trial on the PGA Tour. He is literally playing for his life . Banning knows the club pro cheats; he plays high-stakes poker, appearing drunk on whiskey while actually drinking iced tea. Another local aristocrat, Angela Barr , wins the highly competitive bidding for Banning's team over the President's daughter. The president knew of Banning's background and had his daughter bid for him for what he was sure would be the winning team. Before play proceeds, Chris Patton  tells the organizing committee that Banning is a former pro. Banning ends up giving up his handicap of 5 to play at scratch. He is informed that Patton provided this information and gets into a fight with him, almost killing him. Patton withdraws from the tournament and is replaced by Linus, now playing with his father-in-law, J. Pallister Young . The tournament comes down to a sudden-death playoff, just as had happened in the ill-fated attempt to bribe Banning on the tour. On the 17th hole, with a life-saving shot, Banning makes a near impossible shot over a tall stand of trees.
19828161	3	The gang kids are upset that World War II is causing them deprivations and inconveniences. Organizing a fact-finding committee, Gang members Mickey, Froggy, Buckwheat, and Janet try to determine what to do about the present national crisis. With the help of a convenient copy of Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Almanac, the kids stage a play in which they cathartically come to grips with the sacrifices indigenous to the war effort, and provide patriotic solutions to the situation.
15559187	2	Having no family, Marshall Hogan III  has been granted residency in the house of his best friend Spence Holmes . But Hogan has a sexual habit that makes Spence's dad and girlfriend  fear that Spence could adopt it, too. It is an attraction to older - if not just plain old - women. In college, Hogan makes out with his much older professor  just before the graduation ceremony. In a private celebration, he dances intimately with the much older wife  of the party's host. The host is a lawyer whom Spence's father asked for a favor in hiring Spence for residency. Hogan and the host's wife disappear, but when a poolside's cabana's wall breaks down, everybody sees her mounting him. Losing his chance of residency, Spence's father has to ask for a favor from the worst possible candidate - the most evil divorce lawyer in town, Mr. Stack . Nevertheless, Spence coaxes his father to get the same job for Hogan. Thus the two best friends begin to work together. Alas, the divorce lawyers know they need their recommendation in order to be accepted into law school. Therefore, they abuse them in every way possible, from physical chores  to doing risky and illegal PI work. Between cleaning bathrooms and walking in on Hogan having anal sex with the office's older secretary  in the closet, Spence feels his life isn't going well. One errand has Spence and Hogan delivering divorce papers to a lawyer's wife. Other middle aged women are also in her house listening to a sex seminar. Hogan spontaneously invites them all to a party. It gives him an idea for an alternative source of livelihood. That is, forming "Cougar Club" - a place for young men to meet older women. Expensive membership fees would provide access to parties and other social gatherings. Their first client is a pre-Bar examination law graduate in their office, who up until now only has had sex by masturbating. He gains revenge on his hated boss when the guys set him up with the boss' wife, a lusty and busty Amazon . Meanwhile, Spence and Hogan each have sex with one of the other wives. Living at home, Spence's parents - accompanied by their lawyer - return by surprise from a vacation. Spence manages to hide the sexually engaged guests. Only the wife he has slept with  is caught by Spence's girlfriend and spotted by her lawyer husband, Mr. Stack. Said husband finds papers Spence left in the office about Cougar Club. He realizes they slept with the lawyers' wives. He tips the police and a detective infiltrates the next party. When Spence and Hogan ask him for membership fees, he arrests them for pandering.The lawyer then casually walks by and fires them. Spence returns to his girlfriend. She begins planning a wedding for them. Hogan, who crashes in with his former college professor, eventually approaches Spence with an idea - luring the vengeful lawyers to bomb his car and get arrested for terrorist acts. After the plan is carried out with success, Spence confesses to his girlfriend that he doesn't really love her, that he never even asked her to marry him, and once again becomes best friends with Hogan. At their trial, Spence and Hogan use the questionable yet free services of their friend who has now passed the bar exam. The judge  asks to see them in her chambers. With their lawyer momentarily outside, Hogan contends to running a legit dating service as a true cougar fan. She considers acquitting them if Spence proves he feels like Hogan. Wearing revealing clothes under her robe, she kisses Spence. He goes along with it and they make out right on her desk. Spence invites the lawyer's wife to a new party. She never shows up, but he is still thrilled when a new cougar - the judge - arrives to celebrate with him. With no recommendation letter, Spence and Hogan expand the business via a statewide bus tour with club members and cougars alike.
13184696	2	Just Rambling Along is Stan Laurel's earliest surviving work and the first project he did with film producer Hal Roach  The story is of a poor young sap who can't seem to get a break. He's thrown out of a diner, and then finds a wallet, which is immediately snatched away from him by a little boy. Stan tries to fight the boy for it, but the boy's father, a police officer, stops him. Stan gives up and walks away. Next the Pretty Young Lady, played by Clarine Seymour, woos him and a park bench full of men back into the diner. When the hostess sees Stan, she kicks him out on his rear end. Out on the street, he finds the little boy playing with the wallet. He quickly snatches it away and goes back into the diner. When the hostess tries to throw him out a third time, he shows her that he has money to pay for a meal. Before going to the serving line, he pauses to flirt with the pretty young lady, who promptly throws a drink in his face. He then goes up to the serving line where the chef gives him a taste of everything he has to offer that day. Stan stuffs his face, but shakes his head and tells the chef that he doesn't want any of it. He only wants a cup of coffee. When the chef has his back turned, Stan stuffs his pockets and boater full of food. He goes back to the pretty young lady's table, sits down, and tries to flirt with her once again. While he's eating, she switches their tickets, and gets up to leave. He follows her to the cashier and realizes he's left with her bill, which he cannot pay. He tries to sneak out of the diner, but he's caught and thrown out on his rear for the third and final time. The film ends with the cop roughing him up as the young boy looks on.
23606024	2	Martin Beck is on his way to a vacation with his colleague and girlfriend Lena Klingström when several gruesome murders in the Stockholm Metro force him to return. Without any kind of motivation, he is forced to lead the investigation of the strange murders. There are four things connecting the murders: they are all in the subway, they are all decapitations, and a sign is left by the murderer/murderers. This sign is "X-(", which means "death" in 1337. The last connecting thing is that before every murder, all lights has been turned off . As the investigation progresses it becomes clear that Erik Lindgren, a man who works in the subway has some kind of connection to the murderers and that they are living in the system of tunnels beneath Stockholm which is much more vast than the subway system. When Erik is found, he reveals that the murderers are kids that live mostly in the tunnels, playing a game called "Final Doom", and that his sister is one of those kids. They have built their own view of the reality through the game and are playing it by killing people in the subway, and gaining "frags". They share these murders with other kids online and reaches new "levels" by gaining frags. When Erik is guiding Beck to the entrance of their hideout, they are ambushed by the kids, but the Swedish task force arrives just in time to save Beck, but too late for Erik. Eventually, Beck finds Erik's sister, Annika, who takes Beck and the task force to the hideout. The hideout is empty but for a single little boy, who are playing games. He tells Annika that the other kids are out on a raid. By reading text files on one of the computers, Annika discovers that they are raiding the station underneath Odenplan . Beck and the task force arrives just in time to arrest the kids, who are armed with machetes and night vision goggles. Stefan, the leader, attempts to kill Annika upon finding out that she betrayed them, but is shot. When Beck arrives to the street, journalists asks him if there is a connection to some similar murders in New York and he tells Klingström that he may not be able to go on the planned vacation, because he maybe have to go to New York and assist with the investigation.
18587578	2	The story centers around two sisters , who are geisha, living in an okiya of their own in the licensed pleasure district of Gion, Kyoto. The two women have very different outlooks on relationships with men. Umekichi, the elder sister, is the ideal geisha; she grew up going to dance and music lessons, wears kimono, and has a strong sense of giri, or loyalty, to her patron. Umekichi’s younger sister, Omocha, was educated in public schools and wears western clothing, except when she is working as a geisha. Unlike Umekichi, Omocha doesn’t trust men and believes that they will only use geisha and then abandon them without a care. Thus, she uses men to her own advantage. In doing so she is willing to manipulate and lie to her customers. Umekichi’s patron in the movie is a newly bankrupt businessman named Shimbei Furusawa, who Umekichi takes care of after he loses his house and business. Omocha does not believe that her sister should support Shimbei, that doing so will prevent her from providing for herself by finding a new patron, and that she owes him nothing as, in her view, he has received more than he has given in the past. Omocha finds her sister a new patron and, one day when Umekichi is out, gives Shimbei some money to return to his wife in the country and tells him that her sister no longer wants him around. He takes the money but, rather than leaving, spends it drinking and takes up residence with his former clerk. Omocha also attempts to find a patron for herself and appears to be successful in gaining the attention of the owner of a kimono/cloth shop. However, in the process of helping her sister Omocha has previously taken advantage of the owner’s clerk, who has stolen from the shop to provide a kimono for Umekichi and been found out. Umekichi throws over her new patron when she learns of Omocha's deception of Shimbei from the kimono shop clerk, and returns to him. The clerk is discovered at Omocha's okiya by the shop owner and dismissed. He seeks his revenge on his former employer by informing his wife of her husband's infidelity, and then exacts his revenge on Omocha by abducting her in a car and injuring her grievously by throwing her from it. Omocha and Umekichi have conflicting outlooks on men and the role of geisha, but ultimately they are both defeated at the end of the film. Umekichi is abandoned by her bankrupt patron Shimbei when he is given the chance to manage a factory in the country where his wife has retired, and ends up caring for Omocha after her hospitalization for her injuries. Omocha curses the very existence of the geisha and the sexual subjugation involved. This tragic ending largely confirms Omocha's jaundiced view of the role of the geisha in a male dominated society, in a film that is surprisingly feminist for its time and place.
5139144	1	Five people visit a fairground sideshow run by the sinister Dr. Diabolo . Having shown them a handful of haunted-house-style attractions, he promises them a genuinely scary experience if they will pay extra. Their curiosity gets the better of them, and the small crowd follows him behind a curtain, where they each view their fate through the shears of the female deity Atropos . In "Enoch", a greedy playboy  takes advantage of his dying uncle , and falls under the spell of a man-eating cat. In "Terror Over Hollywood", a Hollywood starlet  discovers her co-stars are androids. In "Mr. Steinway", a possessed grand piano by the name of Euterpe becomes jealous of its owner's new lover  and takes revenge. And in "The Man Who Collected Poe", a Poe collector  murders another collector  over a collectable he refuses to show him, only to find his fate with Edgar Allan Poe himself.
34037062	2	College goer Karunakaran  always finds it difficult to adjust with the society that he lives. As a result he is unable to control his anger and often ends up with some trouble. His unpredictable behaviour become a constant worry for his mother and brother. A series of incidents forces him to leave his home town Madurai and as usual ends up in Chennai. Despite scoring high marks in school, he joins a local arts college in the city and stays in hostel from where the trouble begins. Now there is another story which goes parallel. While traveling from Bangalore to Chennai Assistant Commissioner Marimuthu , Inspector Rajendran , Sub-Inspector Selvam  and Sgt/Head Constable Perumalsamy  witnesses a car accident. When they are about to take the victim  to a nearby hospital, they comes across a huge stash of cash. The policemen kills the  victim and flees to Chennai with the money. Then the sincere police officer Palaniammal  takes up this case. A cluster of lies, ego clash at the hostel and family's ignorance brings innocent Karunakaran into this crime plot. The rest is a racy roller-coaster ride that forms the climax.
19662241	2	Snubbed by his girlfriend Darla, Alfalfa accepts the invitation of tomboyish Muggsy to attend the local picture show. While watching the adventures of his favorite cowboy star, Alfalfa dreams that he himself is a Wild West sheriff, with his pals Buckwheat and Porky as deputies. Naturally, Darla also figures prominently in Alfalfa's dream, as does his archrival Butch. What happens next determines Alfalfa's destiny when he wakes up from his dream.
35601361	3	A crusading and reform-minded District Attorney resigns from his position in order to open establish a farm that give juvenile delinquents and first-offenders a place to straighten out their lives before they reach the point of no return. He meets much resistance from various segments of the law and the citizens.
23889516	1	The film is an anthology of seven vignettes. Each of the stories is connected by the same mysterious locker 13.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1241226/
9175716	2	An unnamed, thirty-something Dublin busker  sings and plays guitar on Grafton Street, a Dublin shopping district. He struggles with the trials of performing on the street, including chasing after a heroin addict  who attempts to steal his earnings. Lured by his music, an unnamed young Czech immigrant flower seller  approaches him and, despite his annoyance, persists in questioning him about his songs. Delighted to learn that he also repairs vacuum cleaners in his father's shop, she insists that he fix her broken cleaner. The next day she brings her Hoover by and parlays it into lunch together, whereupon she piques his interest by telling him that she is a musician, too. He asks to hear her play, so they visit a music store where she regularly plays piano. After teaching her one of his songs , which she quickly learns to play, they sing and play the song together, kindling a musical and potentially romantic connection. He invites her and her ailing vacuum back to his father's shop, and on the bus home musically answers her question as to what his songs are about: a long-time girlfriend who cheated on him, then left .  At the shop, he repairs her vacuum and she meets his father , who seems indifferent to his son's musical talent. The Guy takes the Girl up to his room, but when he asks her to stay the night, she is insulted and leaves. The next day, he apologizes and they quickly patch things up, as over the course of a week they excitedly write, rehearse and record songs, and get to know each other. Songs continue to be performed in a real-world, diegetic fashion, often in their entirety, as when the Girl rehearses her lyrics for one of the Guy's songs , singing to herself while walking down the street, or when at a party, people perform impromptu . Their flirtation continues, but at the same time, he is thinking about and writing about  his ex-girlfriend , who moved to London. The Girl encourages him to move there, win his girlfriend back and pursue his musical career. Invited home to dinner by the Girl to a house set in Mountjoy Square, the Guy discovers that she has a toddler  and lives with her mother . He soon decides that it is time to move to London, but he wants to make a high-quality demo of his songs to take with him and asks the Girl to record it with him. She takes the lead as they secure a bank loan - from a bank where the loan officer  is a musical hobbyist&mdash;and reserve time at a professional studio. On a romantic motorbike jaunt aboard his father's 1966 6T Triumph Thunderbird, she reveals, much to his consternation, that she is married, though her estranged husband is back in the Czech Republic. When Guy asks if she still loves her husband, she answers in Czech, "Miluju tebe",MovieZone.cz | Once  | Recenze but coyly declines to translate what she said.  After recruiting a trio of musicians , they rehearse, then go into the studio to record. Their lack of experience shows, but they quickly impress the jaded studio engineer Eamon  once they begin recording their first song . On a break in the wee hours of the morning, the Girl finds a piano in an empty studio and finally plays the Guy one of her own compositions , which tells of romantic frustration. She breaks down before finishing the song and he responds by asking her to come with him to London, but is not prepared for the reality of her mother coming along to help with the baby. Still, he is smitten. After the all-night session wraps up successfully, they walk home. Before they part ways, the Girl reveals that she spoke to her husband and he is coming to live with her in Dublin. The Guy asks her to spend his last night in Dublin with him; she says that it would only result in "hanky-panky", which is a "bad idea", but after the Guy's pestering she ultimately agrees to come over. In the end, she stands him up and he cannot find her to say goodbye before his flight. He plays the demo for his father, who, moved and impressed, gives him money to help him get settled in London. Before leaving for the airport, the Guy buys the Girl a piano  and makes arrangements for its delivery, then calls his ex-girlfriend, who is happy about his imminent arrival. The Girl's husband  moves to Dublin and they reunite.
2707684	1	Supernova chronicles the search and rescue patrol of a medical ship in deep space in the early 22nd century and its six-member crew which includes captain and pilot A.J. Marley , co-pilot Nick Vanzant , medical officer Kaela Evers , medical technician Yerzy Penalosa , search and rescue paramedic Danika Lund , and computer technician Benjamin Sotomejor . Aboard their vessel, the Nightingale 229, they receive an emergency distress signal coming from an ice mining operation on the moon Titan 37, over 3000 light years away. The crew answers the call and "dimension jumps", arriving in the path of Titan 37's debris cloud, some of which damages the ship and causes the loss of 82% of its maneuvering fuel. Worse still, Titan 37 orbits a blue giant, and its high gravity field will pull the ship to the point where it will be incinerated in 17 hours, 12 minutes - which happens to be almost the same amount of time that the Nightingale will need to recharge its jump drive, their only possible hope for escape. With only an 11-minute window for error, the crew soon find themselves in danger from the disturbing young man  they rescue, and the mysterious alien artifact he has smuggled aboard. This artifact is analyzed by the ship's computer and is said to contain "Ninth Dimensional Matter". It is ultimately discovered that the young man who called for rescue is actually "Karl Larson", an old former lover of Kaela's . Karl came into contact with the ninth dimensional matter after recovering the artifact, and it somehow enabled him to acquire super strength, supernatural healing abilities, and made him younger . Karl murders most of the crew except Kaela, and strands Nick on the mining platform. Karl unsuccessfully attempts to romantically reconcile with Kaela. Nick finds his way back to the medical ship through a rescue pod left on the mining platform, and a battle ensues between Nick and Karl. Karl is ultimately killed using explosives placed near the alien artifact which Karl was obsessed with retrieving. The explosion ejects the artifact into space, hurtling it towards the blue giant. With moments left before the "dimension jump" activates, Kaela and Nick place themselves into the only remaining "dimensional stabilization chamber"  which is the only thing that enables human beings to survive the ship's dimensional jump drive. The pods are only meant to hold one person, however - two subjects might be genetically mixed during the dimensional jump. Before Nick and Kaela enter the only remaining pod, the computer warns them that the 9th dimensional matter is reacting with the gravity of the blue giant sun and will cause a 9th dimensional reaction that will spread in all directions, such that the reaction's resulting supernova will reach Earth within 51 years. The computer hypothesizes that the reaction will either destroy life on Earth or "enable humankind to achieve a new level of existence". Just before the blue giant supernovas, the ship engages in a dimensional jump which brings Nick and Kaela back to Earth. As a result of their being in the same pod, Kaela is now pregnant with Nick's child, and the two of them each have one eye of the other person's original eye color.
14596339	2	The film opens with Dr. Research  and the Writer  meeting Father Time  and Mr. Sun  who explain that time started a few billion years ago and that the Sun is a star. Mr. Sun explains that he was worshipped as various gods  until Anaxagoras proclaimed the Sun was a very hot stone and not a god. Logic and reasoning were the beginning of the end of worshiping the Sun as algebra and the astrolabe were used to study the heavens. Dr. Research explains that the Sun is 93 million miles away and its light takes 8 minutes to reach the earth. Light from the next closest star, Alpha Centauri, takes more than 4 years to get to us at a speed greater than 186,000 miles per second. The sun weighs the same as 330,000 earths and is 95% hydrogen and helium gas and not solid. The Sun is compressed by gravity so tightly that the gas at the center is more than 100 times heavier than water with a pressure of one billion tons per square inch while the surface is about one pound per square inch. The center is 30 million degrees Fahrenheit while the surface is only 10,000 degrees, but the corona is 1 million degrees Fahrenheit though nobody knows why, so scientists study the corona during each solar eclipse. Dr. George Ellery Hale and Dr. Henri Deslandres both developed the spectroheliograph—independently—to study the Sun in different wavelengths of light related to specific atoms. Dr. Robert R. McMath of the McMath–Hulbert Observatory used a spectroheliograph to make time-lapse films of the prominences on the Sun. Using pictures from the Mount Wilson Observatory, and others, scientists have learned about sunspots first described by Galileo. Sunspots often appear in pairs and are about 7,000 degrees rather than the normal 10,000 degrees. The spots increase and decrease in a cycle of about 11.2 years. Studying sunspots has shown the equator rotates faster than the poles at around 25 and 1/3 days per rotation. Halfway between the equator and the poles takes about 27 and 1/2 days per rotation though nobody understands why.  Dr. Bernard Lyot developed the first coronagraph to study the Sun's corona. Improved coronagraphs are used at the High Altitude Observatory by Dr. Walter Roberts and at the Evans Solar Facility by Dr. J. W. Evans. Dr. Donald H. Menzel was the first to use the coronagraph in America. These coronagraphs are used to film structures on the Sun called prominences and spicules which show matter flowing on the surface in structures many times the size of the earth. Often matter appears from nowhere to flow down into a sunspot which is sometimes referred to as coronal rain. The largest recorded prominence was captured at the High Altitude Observatory in Colorado on June 4, 1946 as it left the Sun at 400,000 miles per hour. The Sun is also studied in radio frequencies using radio astronomy. Dr. E. G. Bowen helped pioneer radio astronomy which showed that many places in outer space emit radio waves. When solar flares erupt from sunspots they emit ultraviolet radiation, which reach the earth in 8 minutes, and electrified fragments of atoms which take around 30 hours. These fragments of atoms are diverted by the earth's magnetic field, towards the North and South poles which causes the Aurora. Dr. C. W. Gartlein of Cornell University took some of the first motion pictures of the Aurora Borealis. These solar flares cause disruption in electricity and radio communications because of disturbances of the ionosphere. Because of this, the Sun is monitored from 22 stations around the world which send data to the Radio Storm Warning Service of the National Bureau of Standards to determine when a solar storm will reach the Earth. The earth receives one billion dollars of solar energy from the Sun every second when the rate is $0.02 per kilowatt-hour. The earth receives only one two-billionth of the total energy output by the Sun, which is about 500,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 horsepower. The Sun generates this energy through thermonuclear reactions roughly equal to 10,000 hydrogen bombs going off every second and has been doing so for the last 4 billion years. Dr. Hans Bethe, in 1938, was the first to determine this fact. Every second, the sun converts 564 million tons of hydrogen in to 560 million tons of helium with the remaining 4 million tons being converted in to energy in the form of light, heat and radiation. Thermo the Magician enters to explain the carbon cycle whereby hydrogen atoms are converted in to helium atoms by fusion reactions with carbon atoms. At 30 million degrees, one hydrogen and one carbon combine in to nitrogen. Adding two hydrogens to the nitrogen, creates oxygen. The oxygen combines with another hydrogen to create helium and carbon, and in the process, releases energy. Dr. Research then mentions combining two hydrogen atoms directly in to a helium atom in the proton-proton process. Dr. Research continues, telling how science believes the Sun started as a loose cloud of hydrogen gas compressed by gravity and this compression raised the temperature until it reached 30 million degrees and started the thermonuclear reaction. The nuclear reactions expand the Sun and gravity compresses it until the two forces reach a balance. The Sun has only used small portion of its hydrogen and has about 98% of it left which will take about 50 to 100 billion years until its gone and the Sun dies. Science is depending on the Sun for the solution to man's two biggest problems, the first problem being food. The population of the earth went from 500 million in 1650 to 2.5 billion in 1950. One out of every twenty human beings that ever existed, is currently alive today. Two out of every three people don't have enough to eat which is required for good health and 100 million new humans are born each year becoming a population explosion. Food is grown by the Sun through photosynthesis, which means putting together with light. Ninety-nine percent of all food and fuel is created by the Sun through photosynthesis. Chlorophyll is the molecule responsible for photosynthesis though science isn't exactly sire how it works. They believe chlorophyll uses sunlight to combine carbon dioxide molecules with water molecules, along with salts, to create sugars and release oxygen. These sugars form the bulk of a plant including its fruit. Most of these plants are grown in the sea as phytoplankton, which is the food source of zooplankton, which are eaten by fish. All animals survive on food created by the Sun through photosynthesis; either directly by eating plants, or indirectly by eating animals that eat plants. The Sun provided the energy for photosynthesis through its light, which was created at the Sun's core. It takes this light 2000 years to make it from the core to the Sun's surface and another eight minutes from the Sun's surface to the earth. The food problem is being studied by Dr. Hiroshi Tamiya of the Tokugawa Biological Institute in his research on chlorella, an algae consisting of carbohydrates, fats and 50% protein. Chlorella can produce about 10 times the edible material, per unit area, as a typical crop. The second biggest problem man faces is that of fuel. In 1850, the average American used 400 horsepower-hours of fuel. By 1950, the average American used 10,000 horsepower-hours of fuel. It's estimated that by 1975 an average American will use 20,000 horsepower-hours of fuel. Solar energy will be a likely solution and research by Dr. Charles Greeley Abbot produced a solar powered engine. The French solar furnace at Mont-Louis is used for high-temperature research of metals. The Indian scientist Dr. S. Bhatnagar experimented with solar ovens for cooking food and Dr. Mária Telkes developed a home that used Solar heating exclusively. Research is being conducted by Dr. Lawrence J. Heidt of MIT using sunlight along with perchloric acid to decompose water into hydrogen and oxygen so that it can be burned to produce energy. The waste product would be water that can be fed back into the system to create a continuous loop powered by solar energy. Dr. E. I. Rabinowitz developed a photogalvanic cell using thiamine and iron salts while working at MIT. Thermocouples and phosphorescent wallpaper are other possible solutions to certain energy needs. Atomic power plants and especially breeder reactors can also provide some energy needs. In the end though, solar power will be the only solution on a long-term scale; otherwise society will have to go back to a muscle-powered existence as it was when humans and animals provided the energy to run things. In a slightly updated version of the film, the "solar battery" is discussed. Based on the work of scientists Daryl Chapin, Calvin Fuller, and Gerald Pearson at Bell Labs, this device can turn sunlight directly into electricity. A cartoon version of Dr. Research dressed as a pastry chef shows how the solar battery can be manufactured by "cooking-up" a wafer of silicon with a boron coating. . The film ends with Dr. Research and Father Time providing an overview. That human curiosity has helped drive scientific achievements and that it's important to ask questions of both science and religion.
8852973	1	The film takes place in 1999 in a small Israeli town, in which a young girl called Clara  discovers that she has paranormal powers that allow her to predict the future. That discovery causes mayhem in the town as its people try to take advantage of Clara's powers and people escape the town as her powers have discovered a leak in the nearby nuclear plant. Clara herself has to choose between her powers and her one true love.
27244510	2	An aristocrat marries a singer, but then tries to murder her when he falls in love with another woman.
22645209	2	When Jules Brasschaert, convicted and jailed for a crime he has committed several years ago, is pardoned he is a changed man. He found his peace with the help of his belief in God. After a chance meeting with this man, Susan burns her bridges to be with him. As it turns out she is to redeem herself of a childhood trauma. While this is going on, Susan's fiancée is losing grips on his steady and well planned life and shows his true face.
32786344	2	{{expand section}} Joe Dylanne is a plainclothes NYC cop with a badge... and a robust personality. He always resorts to unconventional methods in order to capture the city's slickest criminals. When Dylanne receives a message from Katy, an old sweetheart of his, the news is not as pleasant as he anticipated. Rather, it is an imperative call for help. Dylanne must swing into full action. This cop must travel to a remote location in the northwest in order to investigate the disappearances of his friend's relatives. It turns out that most of Kate's relatives have been murdered in cold blood. The only survivor of the slaughter is Joshua, an angst-ridden survivalist who explains to Dylanne about a sophisticated plan implicating marijuana plant growers. Dylanne and Joshua must trespass enemy territory in the name of revenge...
34082617	2	Cuicui is raised by her 70-year-old grandfather. 17 years ago, Her mother was pregnant before marriage and she committed suicide after giving birth to Cuicui by drinking cold water in the river. When Cuicui grows up, her grandfather begins to worry about her marriage, because he doesn’t want Cuicui to have the miserable life like her mother. There is a rich man in the border town, who has two handsome sons that both fell in love with Cuicui. Cuicui likes the younger son while her grandfather misunderstands her feeling and he thinks the older son is more suitable for Cuicui. Unfortunately, the older son dies in a accident and the rich man pins the blame on Cuicui’s grandfather. While the younger son loves Cuicui so much, he can’t marry her after the death of his dear brother. Finally, he chooses to leave the town. Cuicui’s grandfather dies at a cold, raining night, living Cuicui alone in the world. However, grief doesn’t break her down. She takes over her grandfather’s work, waiting for the younger son to come back.
9974516	2	Halsy Knox, a professional motorcycle racer, runs into Little Fauss, an amateur racer, after a race held near Phoenix, Arizona. They strike up a friendship as Fauss is attracted to Halsy's carefree lifestyle. Fauss's father, however, regards Halsy as a bad influence on his son and refuses to help Halsy when his truck breaks down. When Halsy arrives later at the motorcycle repair shop where Fauss is employed he tricks the admiring Fauss into repairing his motorcycle for free. Halsy, who has been barred from racing for drinking on the track, proposes that they form a partnership in which Halsy would race under Fauss's name with Fauss serving as the mechanic. Fauss joins Halsy on the motorcycle racing circuit despite his parent's disapproval. Fauss is constantly confronted with his inferiority to Halsy, both on and off the racetrack. Their partnership is finally broken when Rita Nebraska, a drop-out from a wealthy background, arrives at the racetrack and immediately attaches herself to Halsy, despite the attention Fauss pays her. Fauss returns home to his parents after breaking his leg in a motorcycle accident. Several months later, when his leg has healed, Halsy visits him and attempts to ditch Rita, who is now pregnant. Fauss, however, refuses to take her. He informs Halsy that he plans to reenter the racing circuit. The two men race against each other a short time later at the Sears Point International Raceway. Halsy's motorcycle breaks down. As he leaves the track, he hears the announcement that Fauss has taken the lead. In addition to the above Plot summary, at the Sears Point meeting Little tells Halsey that he has been drafted. The difference between these two charachters is further defined.
9092969	2	The whole film takes place in the nightclub of Happy MacDonald . One of the more outrageous aspects of the film is that one of the people at the nightclub is a wildly stereotypical gay "queen". Although Karloff is a villain, he plays a charming man, quite unlike most of the parts he was allowed to play at the time.
6169082	1	Devon Butler  is an eight-year-old in Tampa who dreams of being a cop. He watches police TV shows, knows police procedures and plays cops and burglars with his friend Ray. One day, while snooping around in a warehouse, he witnesses a murder. He goes to the police, who want the information, but refuses to give it unless they make Devon a cop. The police then team him with veteran cop  Nick McKenna , and the two team up in a comic series of events to find the killer. The two eventually come to a mutual understanding in order to bring the killer to justice.
10088120	2	Vaudeville entertainer Eddie Foy, who has vowed to forever keep his act a solo, falls in love with and marries Italian ballerina Madeleine. While they continue to tour the circuit, they begin a family and before long have seven little Foys to clutter the wings. After the tragedy of the Iroquois Theater Fire threatened to stall Eddie's career, he comes to realize that his little terrors are worth their weight in gold. The second eldest Foy, Charley, narrates periodically throughout the film.
21714981	3	The four segments of the film average about 30 minutes in length and are presented in the following order.The Miles Ago database of Australian films * Part 1: "The Husband" - Focuses on a suburban husband and wife, their relationship and their sexual fantasies. * Part 2: "The Child" - A lonely boy seeks revenge on a man he finds engaging in intercourse with his beloved governess. * Part 3: "The Priest" - A priest contemplates leaving the church as a result of his indefatigable attraction to a nun. * Part 4: "The Family Man" - The husband of a woman in labor arranges with a friend to take two women to a secluded beach house.
32288355	3	Bernice Sumners is sent to a finishing school by her Texas uncle after oil is discovered on his property. At the school she blossoms into a young woman. Bernice is a compulsive liar. One evening she and a friend go to a hotel before a theater date, planning to meet popular Paul Carroll, but they run into the school principal in the hotel lobby. Bernice tells a lie about why they are there, and from there one lie builds upon the other until Bernice ends up in the hotel room of Ralph Ames of the Secret Service, who is in the process of changing . Bernice calls Ralph her husband, and he plays along until the house of cards comes crumbling down around her. She ends up falling for the popular Paul Carroll, and the two marry.Naughty but Nice at the AFI Silent Catalog page.
2216309	2	{{Cleanup}} Paltrow and Schaech play a dating couple, living together in a New York City apartment. At the film's beginning, the two are driving towards the Kentucky farmhouse that Jackson  grew up on, primarily to introduce Helen  to Jackson's mother, Martha . The farmhouse and the land around it is known as Kilronan. The week that the couple share with Martha proves a success, and the dating couple heads back to New York. Soon, however, Helen discovers that she is pregnant. When she informs Jackson of this, he is ecstatic, and asks Helen to marry him. She agrees, and the two inform Martha, who immediately guesses that Helen is pregnant. Jackson and Helen have a wedding at Kilronan, at which Helen first makes the acquaintance of Jackson's grandmother, Alice. Alice is not Martha's mother, but that of Jackson's deceased father. After making a few comments about how difficult it is to trust Martha, Alice is interrupted by Martha herself, and the conversation is cut short. Upon returning home to her New York apartment one night, Helen is assaulted by a stranger, who steals her precious locket. When Helen reveals she's pregnant, he cuts her abdomen, warning her with a taunt: "I know where you live." After a frantic check, it is discovered that no damage has been done to the child. As Jackson and a still-apprehensive Helen return to the apartment, Helen is startled by Martha's "surprise!". At dinner, the subject matter of the conversation becomes very serious, as Martha hopes to sell Kilronan, as she cannot keep it running alone. Jackson is disappointed with the offer, as just two years earlier they were offered triple the amount. When Martha leaves, not having earned Jackson's permission to sell the land, an idea strikes Helen. She wants to move to Kentucky and in with Martha for a year and help renovate the land, making it much more valuable to a buyer. Jackson is hesitant. The two discuss the matter the next day, and Jackson explains that his father died in that house. According to Jackson, his father had been cheating on his mother with "Robin Hayes," and his mother had stormed out. In an attempt to "save" Martha, a very young Jackson had run up the stairs, running into his father, who had subsequently fallen down the basement stairs. The fall had killed him. This convinced Helen that Jackson should return home, facing his "old ghosts." Martha is quite overjoyed to have her son return home, and it soon becomes apparent that she is jealous of the attention he showers on Helen. She soon begins to divide the couple somewhat, explaining to Jackson that she needs time alone, while arousing suspicion in Helen that Jackson is being distant because he is cheating. It isn't long before Helen instead suspects Martha of being very jealous, and she commonly vents to Alice at her nursing home. When Martha learns of Helen's trips to Alice, she is furious. Secretly, she pays a visit to Alice, warning her to stay away from her family. Despite this threat, Helen continues to visit Alice, even giving her a picture of the baby's sonogram. She soon learns that Jackson's story of his father's death isn't quite accurate, that news reports stated he landed on a nail puller at the bottom of the stairs in a freak way, crushing his sternum. Unsure of what this means, Helen decides to look into it. Helen continues to grow tired of Martha's behavior, including Martha's spreading of a rumor that Helen insists on having the baby at home. She also begins to notice that Martha insists the baby must be a boy, and learns that Martha aborted her first pregnancy, a girl. She feels as though Martha is tearing her marriage apart, and she confronts Jackson about it. Reluctantly, he agrees that the two should return home to New York. While Martha is very upset, she agrees, but reminds Jackson that he has to take the farm's horses to the race tracks for the weekend. Once he returns, he and Helen will head to New York. That evening, Martha bakes a cake for Helen, secretly laced with oxytocin, a potent labor inducer . Upon Martha's insistence, Helen reluctantly agrees to eat the cake, and when she rouses the next morning, she feels strange. With Martha nowhere to be found, she searches for her, spotting a flicker of light in a barn. When she finds its source, however, she is shocked to find a baby room, as though Martha planned to raise the baby. She searches through one of the dressers and is horrified to find the locket that was stolen from her during the assault in New York. Martha finds her, claiming that the room is a surprise gift to Jackson and her, that she assembled for presentation. Helen pretends to buy into it and, on the way inside, requests water. When Martha goes to get it, Helen retreats, getting into her Ford Explorer. Unable to find a way out and with her truck getting stuck in mud, she soon crawls to the highway, where Martha finds her. Soon, Helen is giving birth, with Martha sitting nearby. Completely without medicine, Helen is in pain, and Martha leaves the room to answer a phone call from Jackson. She tells him that everything is okay, but when Helen screams into the phone, Martha hangs up. Jackson then races from the track to hurry home. Once the baby boy is delivered, Helen begs Martha to hand her the baby, but Martha ignores her, telling the baby that she is his mother. As Helen weeps, Martha returns to Helen's bedside with a syringe full of morphine. She begins to inject it in Helen's arm, with the intention of killing her, but Helen knocks the syringe away. When Martha retrieves it, she hears Jackson's footsteps. In a scramble, she quickly cleans up the scene, meeting Jackson at the door. She tells him to leave Helen alone, as he has no idea what she's been through. The two leave Helen in a peaceful slumber, with Martha introducing Jackson's son. That night, Martha enters Helen's bedroom, the syringe again in her hands. Still trying to make it appear as though Helen died during the birth, she creeps toward the bed. She's shocked, however, to find that Jackson is sitting in a chair next to the bed, waiting vigilantly for Helen's awakening. Despite his mother's insistence that he return to bed, he stays committed to seeing her awaken. Martha leaves the room in fear, as her plan has been foiled. The next morning, Helen awakens to see Jackson. Knowing she has survived Martha's plot, she tells Jackson to ask Martha to make breakfast. At breakfast, Helen enters the house with a mysterious object in her bag. Jackson is naturally curious about what it is, and its mystery makes Martha incredibly nervous. When Helen explains that it's one of the objects that killed Jackson's father, he is confused. She goes on to explain what had been in the newspapers, and that the precision was almost as sure as someone hitting him with one. Martha becomes enraged at this, going off on a tirade that it was not her. Helen then claims that no one is accusing her of murder, and that plenty of cheating women don't kill their husbands. She goes on to explain that Robin Hayes, the "woman" Martha had told Jackson his father had cheated on her with, was actually a male horse wrangler, with whom Martha had an affair. Martha is completely outraged as the truth is revealed. Helen then reveals a bruise she has from Martha's murder attempt, enraging Jackson. The two prepare to leave, with Jackson never wanting to see Martha again. He wants her out of Kilronan and out of their lives. In a last-ditch effort, Martha claims that Helen is only doing this because she is jealous. "She wants to be me," Martha laughs. Helen slaps her hard enough to knock her to the ground. Helen and Jackson leave Martha on the floor, sobbing. The movie ends with the couple visiting Jackson's grandmother Alice, presenting her with her great-grandson.
11376012	1	The main protagonist, a hungry dog is humming the theme song of Tom and Jerry. He stops and gets a bone and a newspaper from the trash can. He then sits and he uses his newspaper as his napkin. He then reads it and was horrified. The newspaper says: "LAST DAY FOR DOG LICENSES! DOGS WITHOUT TAGS TO BE LOCKED UP IN CITY POUND.". He sees the city pound truck is driving past through the street, but the driver sees him. Panicking, he disguises himself to be a lamp. He escapes from the pound and hides from a gate; he looks at the hole, where he sees a sleeping Spike with his license. He happily digs a hole in order to get inside, but looks around, he doesn't know that Spike is in his head. He crawls to Spike's dog house. He tip toes to Spike and tries to remove his license, but no use. Spike wakes up and the dog hides. Spike yawns and goes back to sleep. The dog frowned and sees Tyke, going to sleep. He took Tyke's license and wears it. He begins to walk away and sees Spike, who is angry. The dog says Spike to be quiet. Yet, he shows Spike the news. He reads it and chases the dog, who escapes. He sees Tyke, who is barking. The dog catcher caught him, but, he lets Tyke to wear his own license and runs off. He gets his license back from the dog, but, the catcher pursues him. But, Tyke's license is taken by the dog. They are taking turns in attempt to get it. But, when the dog escapes, Spike hits him with some trash can cover and the dog grabs the stick and throws it and Spike catches it and realizes he's been tricked. The dog goes to the gate and Spike grabs him, the dog fools him again and orders Spike to roll himself to the manhole. Under, Spike grabs the dog and sees Tyke is now caught. Spike tells the catcher that he will sacrifice for his son and is ready to enter the truck. The dog then cries about the drama and gives the license back and drives the truck and speeds away. The catcher is chasing the truck while Spike and Tyke remain happy.
23409028	2	In Nantes, Gabriel meets Émilie. The two pass an evening together, and as they are about to part ways, Gabriel asks her for a kiss. She refuses, and explains by telling him a story: In Paris, her friend Judith, happily married, has a childhood friend, Nicolas, who she still sees regularly. One day, as a solution to his lack of physical affection, Nicolas asks Judith for a platonic kiss. She accepts, and subsequently what should have been a simple act between friends without consequences becomes complicated, and the situation quickly becomes out of control.
702506	2	Twenty-seven-year-old St. Louis advertising executive Max Baron  has completely shut himself off from the world in the two years since the auto accident death of his wife . On the way to the bachelor party of his friend Neil  he picks up 50 burgers from a diner, however he realises that the order is six burgers short and returns to White Palace to complain. Following a heated exchange with the waitress Nora Baker , he gets his money refunded and returns to the party. He leaves the party drunk and runs into Nora at a bar, he gives her a lift home but crashes his car into her mailbox, he stays the night, and they sleep together. After visiting his wife's grave on the second anniversary of her death Max returns to the White Palace to see Nora, but misses her. He visits her at home, with the pretext of replacing the mailbox but instead they begin a relationship, with Max becoming more open and relaxed, but reluctant to reveal his relationship to his family and friends. Max attempts to introduce Nora to culture, but she resists, feeling the age difference and their cultural differences put a strain on the relationship. Nora is angry that Max didn't take her to Neil's wedding, and they argue about why Max won't introduce Nora to his family and friends. Nora's sister Judy  meets Max the following day and explains to him how they were abandoned as children and how she left Nora in care. Judy explains how Nora was devastated when her son died. While at the supermarket Max runs into Neil's wife, Rachel  who invites him and his "mystery woman" to Thanksgiving. At Max's apartment Nora hears a message on his answering machine inviting them to the Horowitz's for Thanksgiving, and the both resolve to attend. At the dinner with Neil, Rachel, Mrs Baron , and Max's friends and the Horowitz's extended family Nora and Max are made to feel uncomfortable, and following a remark by Neil's father they walk out. After the dinner Nora and Max argue. Nora quits the White Palace and leaves St Louis. Max finds her house empty and a note explaining to Max why she had to leave. He goes to a brunch and meets Heidi Solomon , but Max cannot stop thinking about Nora. He travels to New York to see Judy and she tells Max that Nora is working in a restaurant. Max goes to the restaurant and confesses his love to Nora, where he reveals that he has moved to New York to be with her. They re-unite, kissing tenderly while patrons of the restaurant look on, then Max playfully clears the table of its contents and lays a laughing Nora down on it climbing on top of her and passionately kisses her neck and lips while the whole restaurant cheers and applauds.
35591024	3	In an attempt to salvage their group's music career, Reggie Mendoza , a self-confessed lola's girl, and Mikki Tolentino , a man-hating tomboy and breadwinner of her family, discover Donnette Legaspi, a vainglorious, and spoiled rich girl, to be part of their musical trio, DoReMi. Despite their drastic differences in both their personalities and principles, their shared love for music allowed them to consider pursuing a music career in Japan, only to figure out in an interrogation at the local airport that a fly-by-night recruitment agency had falsified their documents and faked their passports. Due to this mishap, the girls travel to an unknown rural province, putting themselves in a self-imposed exile after the embarrassment they faced after chasing their dreams. While still considering the idea of becoming successful in the music industry, the girls help convert a small local restaurant into a mini bar where they can perform to sustain their daily needs and expenses. Their successful stint as vocal performers consistently draw huge crowds, and their popularity in the area attracted several record executives to sign them for a recording contract. On the day of the group's contract signing, both Donnette and Mikki back out from signing the record deal, leaving a disheartened Reggie as a solo act. As Reggie pursued a career as a successful solo singer, Donnette channeled her efforts to help orphans and other abused children in social welfare, and Mikki, started her own family, and food business with Toto , whom she met and fell in love with in the province. In a charitable gala where all three of them unknowingly participate in, the girls are brought together once more as they perform the song they co-wrote together.
239589	2	Val Goldman and Barbara Keeley are engaged to be married, and wish to have their families meet. Val's father, Armand, owns The Birdcage, a South Beach drag club. His domestic partner is Albert, who appears regularly as "Starina," the show's star drag queen. Barbara's father is ultraconservative Republican Ohio Senator Kevin Keeley, who is seeking re-election as the co-founder of the "Coalition for Moral Order". Fearing their reaction if they learn the truth about Val's parents, Barbara tells her parents that Armand is a cultural attaché to Greece, that Albert is a housewife, and that they divide their time between Greece and Florida; she also changes the family's last name from Goldman to Coleman to hide their Jewish background. Kevin receives a phone call: Senator Jackson, Kevin's colleague and co-founder of the Coalition for Moral Order, has been found dead in the bed of an underage African-American prostitute; the event receives a large amount of coverage in the media. Louise Keeley proposes a visit to meet their new in-laws as a diversion to save Kevin's political career, and Barbara's marriage into a white, "traditional, wholesome" all-American family will give the Senator excellent PR material. Barbara phones Val in South Beach about the lies she has told her parents. Val convinces Armand to go along with the farce. Armand has the house redecorated in an austere manner, and begins remaking himself as an unassuming, conventional, heterosexual American male. He contacts Val's biological mother, Katherine Archer, and she agrees to join in the charade he is planning. Despite the changes to the house and Katherine's help, Armand realizes that Albert's outlandish, effeminate mannerisms will reveal the true nature of the Goldman household. Armand asks Albert not to be present for the dinner party that evening; Albert is offended and threatens to leave Armand. A compromise is reached where Albert will act as Val's uncle, but this soon falls apart when Albert cannot effectively pretend to be heterosexual. Another argument ensues and Albert locks himself in his bedroom. As the evening draws nearer, Agador, the Goldman's flamboyant gay housekeeper, has been made into a butler and chef for the evening, despite the fact that he cannot cook and never wears shoes. The Keeleys arrive at Armand's residence, but Katherine, who is to play Val's mother,  is stuck in traffic. Kevin and Louise are worried that Armand's nervousness is because he has heard about the Jackson scandal and is uncomfortable having the Keeleys in his house. Suddenly, Albert emerges dressed as a middle-aged mother. Armand and Val are horrified, fearing that Katherine's arrival will destroy the illusion. Agador has prepared nothing for dinner but a bizarre soup containing shrimp and hard-boiled eggs. Despite the many challenges facing them, Armand, Val and Barbara all act the part and interact with Albert as "Mrs. Coleman". Before dinner, Louise notices that the soup bowls depict men in homoerotic poses in a classical Greek style. Armand insists that she is mistaken and promptly fills everyone's bowl with the soup before the Keeleys can take a closer look. The primary topic of conversation is politics and, despite many potential pitfalls, Albert wins over the Senator with a very right-wing tirade on the moral collapse of American society. Louise is still suspicious: the dinner was terrible and Armand kept leaving the table. Kevin defends Albert as a true lady and remarks that Armand is just a "pretentious European". Val leaves a note for Katherine on the front door, informing her not to come inside, but two paparazzi photographers, hoping for a scoop, remove the note. Katherine arrives and introduces herself as "Mrs. Goldman". Kevin demands to know why there are two Mrs. Colemans; Val realizes that he cannot keep lying and pulls off Albert's wig, explaining to the Keeleys that while Katherine is his biological mother, Albert is his primary mother figure. Kevin and Louise are taken aback upon learning that Albert and Armand are gay Jewish nightclub owners. Louise breaks down and Kevin announces that they are leaving and demands that Barbara come with them, but the Keeleys have been followed by paparazzi and are trapped as news crews arrive. The Goldmans, Keeleys, Katherine and Agador consider the best plan of action. Val and Barbara explain why they deceived Kevin and Louise and are forgiven, but the Keeleys fear being tangled up in a scandal if spotted in a gay nightclub. Albert choreographs the Keeleys' escape by dressing them up in drag and having them leave the club as the night's show ends. The plan works and none of the media crews recognize Kevin, Louise or Barbara. The group leaves South Beach with Katherine. Val and Barbara are married in an interfaith ceremony attended by their families.
3620980	1	A man  representing The Fool, a tarot card typically depicting a young man stepping off a cliff, lies on the ground with flies covering his face like excrement. He is befriended by a footless, handless dwarf  and goes into a city to make money from tourists. The thief's resemblance to Christ inspires some to use his likeness for the crucifixes that they sell by casting an impression of his face and body. After a dispute with a priest who rejects the thief's likeness of himself, the thief eats off the face of his wax statue and sends it skyward with balloons, symbolically eating the body of Christ and offering "himself" up to heaven. Soon after, he notices a crowd gathered around a large tower, where a large hook with a bag of gold has been sent down in exchange for food. The thief, wishing to find the source of the gold, ascends the tower; finding the alchemist  and his silent female assistant. After a confrontation with the alchemist, the thief defecates into a container. The excrement is transformed into gold by the alchemist who proclaims: "You are excrement. You can change yourself into gold." The thief accepts the gold, but when shown himself in a mirror he angrily smashes the mirror with the gold, and the alchemist takes the thief as an apprentice. The thief is introduced to seven people who will accompany him on his journey; they are said to be the most powerful but mortal, like himself. They are related to planets in astrological terms and portrayed with broad-brush satire, each personifying the worst aspects of his or her planet's supposed characteristics. The seven consist of: a cosmetics manufacturer , a weapons manufacturer , a millionaire art dealer , a war toy maker , a political financial adviser , a police chief  and an architect . They are gathered together by the alchemist who instructs them to burn their money and wax images of themselves. Together with the Alchemist, the Thief and the Alchemist's assistant they form a group of ten. After several scenes wherein the characters are led by the alchemist through several death/rebirth rituals, they carry staffs topped with their planets' symbols; the alchemist's symbol is the Sun, the thief is the Moon, and the alchemist's silent assistant is Mercury. They all journey to Lotus Island to gain the secret of immortality from nine immortal masters who live on a holy mountain. Once on Lotus Island they are sidetracked by the "Pantheon Bar", a cemetery party where people have abandoned their quest for the holy mountain and instead engage in drugs, poetry or acts of physical prowess. Leaving the bar behind, they ascend the mountain and each have personal symbolic visions representing each characters worst fears and obsessions. Near the top, the thief is sent back to his "people" along with a young prostitute and an ape who has followed him to the mountain. The rest confront the cloaked immortals who are shown to be only faceless dummies. The alchemist then breaks the fourth wall and reveals the film apparatus just outside the frame  and says "Zoom back camera!", instructing everyone including the audience for the film, to leave the holy mountain. "Real life awaits us," he says, and the movie ends.
20964509	1	In an old Hollywood mansion, the spirit of an old family retainer inhabits an old grandfather clock. When a movie company uses the mansion for a film, the spirit inhabits the body of an alien and persuades the two film-makers to track down an old house that will resolve a family scandal.
23149241	2	Max is an Austrian officer in the army and son of a highly placed general. His father wants him to marry a Countess but he has fallen in love with Vicki. Attending a party given in his honour, they are informed that war has broken out. Max writes a note to Vicki and goes off to war. Unfortunately the note is lost. Some time after the war, Max is just a shoe shop assistant while Vicki is now a famous singer. They meet and at first she snubs him but then falls in love with him again.
662329	3	The movie revolves around Pandit Hari Prasad, a blind flutist , and a painter  who is mute. Hari Prasad lives with his only sister in a village which is also a minor tourist attraction. He makes a living by playing flute and entertaining the tourists. His life changes dramatically once Jyothirmayi  comes there and hears his musical talent. She helps him reach high standards in classical music. Years pass by and Hari Prasad becomes one of the greatest flutists in India; he develops; a great love towards Jyothirmayi for whom he dedicates all his albums.
20532852	2	A line of people  drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly  "jacks" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him. When Woody awakes, he realizes what is happening, and he douses himself with the rest of the ink in order to pose as a ghost.
29141940	1	A woman arrives from England to visit her estranged relatives in a small castle for the reading of her dead father's will, she eventually discovers that they are all undead and her decision to live with them turns into a nightmare.
33114885	2	Lirutenant Verner  incurs massive gambling debts, and a foreign spy, Herman Markoff, tries to blackmail him into stealing some secret plans for an explosive. Verner agrees and helps Markoff kidnap his friend, Lieutenant Sidney, but is stopped by Dave Smith, a champion Australian boxer. Verner tries again and by torturing Sidney succeeds in securing the plans. Verner decides to use the plans to blow up the battlecruiser {{HMAS}}, but Sidney manages to escape and kill Markoff. Verner almost escapes on a ship, but Australia sinks it and Verner dies.
31105293	2	Two girls Cathy Phillips  and Diane Emery  have engine car trouble in a small town. When they spurn the sheriff Danen  advances, they are thrown in prison on false accusations, where they endure atrocities at the hands of the administrators and prison guards
9208073	2	A former nurse, Liuba, seeking marriage through newspaper personal ads, is bilked by a stranger whom she mistakes for her new date. Liuba’s elderly, well-to-do girlfriend, Anna Sergeevna is defrauded in a different fashion: having placed a newspaper ad for a piano tuner, she is entrapped by Andrei, who is not only an excellent tuner and musician, but also a reasonably good petty thief and scam artist. Andrei and his current lover, Lina, attempting to further secure the women’s trust by returning Liuba’s money, which had been scammed yet again by a second potential husband cum con-artist, place their own fake personal ad in a newspaper so as to locate the suspect. Having returned Liuba’s stolen money, Andrei finally swindles both Liuba and Anna Sergeevna through an elaborate bank forgery scheme—in a word, a portrait of normal human nature à la Muratova.
20002742	2	The film focuses on a group of students from Los Angeles who travel to Palm Springs to spend the Easter weekend there. Student Jim Munroe  falls in love with Bunny Dixon , the daughter of an overprotective police chief . Munroe's room mate Biff Roberts  and plain-jane Amanda North  try to seduce each other. Spoiled rich playboy Eric Dean  and Doug Fortune , a Hollywood stuntman from Texas, compete for the attentions of a pretty girl  from Beverly Hills.
12073433	3	The film dramatizes the creation of the atomic bomb in the Manhattan Project and the subsequent bombing of Japan.
33580698	2	Harmon is a wealthy landlord. When he goes to visit one of his tenements, he gets caught in the middle of a brawl between groups of kids, one of whom, Clipper Kelly  starts to attack Harmon. When Harmon defends himself, he is seen by Clipper's sister, Margie . Harmon falls in love at first sight and begins to woo her following his trial for attacking Clipper. In order to demonstrate that he is okay, Harmon opens a gymnasium for the street boys, but Clipper, who has fallen in with a small-time gangster, Butch , wants nothing to do with Harmon and turns the other boys against him. Harmon tries to win them over by staging a wrestling match with his friend Poggle  and a rigged boxing match with Mulvaney . In the meantime, Butch has gotten Clipper involved in a series of robberies with Clipper dressed as a woman. When Butch and Clipper believe Harmon has learned of their activities, Butch orders Clipper to kill Harmon during a stage play that is being performed at the gymnasium, but Clipper gets cold feet. Butch grabs Harmon, who is dressed in Clipper's drag costume, and heads up to Harmon's mansion to rob it. Butch's gang joins them and Clipper and the other boys come to Harmon's rescue.
15757337	2	The movie begins with Raghupathi  being introduced as the eldest of his three brothers - the other two being Raghava  and Rajaram  and sister Swarajyam  and her husband ([[Chandra Mohan  with Chandu ([[Ram  as the only son of Raghava and sole inheritor of the property of 'R S Brothers'. Chandu plans the elopement of his cousin Swapna  with her boyfriend  due to which he is ousted from the house and is isolated from his family by Raghupathi. However, Chandu tries to re-establish links with his family members, but to no avail. Meanwhile, on the last day of his college, Chandu and his friends meet their friend "Google" Gopi ([[Ravi Varma  who is depressed because his girlfriend is getting married to someone else. Chandu decides to stop the marriage and marry off her to Gopi. However, they kidnap Pooja  instead of Gopi's girlfriend due to a mistaken identity. After being chased by some hooligans - who are after Pooja - they escape with the exception of Chandu and Pooja who end up in forest. Chandu falls for Pooja who also reciprocates his feelings. After learning that her best friend is not in town, Pooja decides to stay in Chandu's home disguising herself as disciple of Raghupathi's spiritual guru. Chandu is also welcomed back in his family. When he was about to propose to Pooja, Chandu gets to know about the true identity of Pooja. She is an NRI who came to visit her warring maternal uncles Peddinaidu  and Chittinaidu . Both of them try to force her into marriage with their respective sons to get a hold on her property she inherits. Chandu decides to transform them before marrying Pooja. He joins their auditor "McDowell" Murthy  as his assistant. Murthy introduces Chandu as his nephew to both Peddinaidu and Chittinaidu. When asked about Chandu's experience in auditing, Murthy lies to them that he used to be an auditor in America to imaginary brothers "Chicago" Subba Rao and "Dallas" Nageswara Rao. Chandu manipulates Murthy's funny idea and makes his uncle Raghupathi and his father pose as Chicago Subba Rao and Dallas Nageswara Rao respectively. Swarajyam's husband and Rajaram pose themselves as the friends of Pooja's parents and make Peddinaidu think twice about his son's marriage with Pooja after they deliberately lie to him that her parents took a loan of 100 crores from World Bank. Chittinaidu also decides to call off his son's marriage with Pooja after Chandu plays a prank on him that Chicago Subba Rao's daughter has more property than Pooja. After some hilarious twists and turns, Chandu and his uncle Raghupathi bring about a positive change in both Chittinaidu and Peddinaidu and Pooja marries Chandu after her uncles give their consent.
34985175	3	This tale depicts the relationship between the waiter and a customer at a restaurant. Where hands and bellies are in action, faces can disappear from the picture. But what happens when lots of food has been consumed?
30528116	3	“White Folks”  and “Blue” Howard  are two con men in Philadelphia. White Folks is the son of a white father and a black prostitute mother  whose complexion is light enough for him to pass as a white man. Blue is an older black hustler who raised White Folks and taught him “the con”. The pair pulls off the biggest score of their lives but before they can collect the money a previous con is complicating things. Unbeknownst to them their previous victim had mob ties and now they have run afoul of the Mafia and a corrupt cop. They must decide whether to leave town or risk their lives to collect the $130,000 from their most brilliant con.
7025464	2	Matt  is a London music promoter who wants to one day own his own club. His flatmate is Paula , a pop singer whose music he helps promote. While accompanying her on a personal appearance at a gay club in Blackpool, Matt meets Craig , an unemployed youth who makes ends meet as a backroom bareknuckles fighter. They go back to Craig's place to have sex but it's Craig's first time and he freaks out. Matt leaves his card and takes off. Craig wins his next fight and the fight promoter plans to put him against an opponent Craig labels a maniac. Rather than fight, Craig goes to London and finds Matt. Matt invites him to stay, but Paula's not pleased about it. Also not pleased is Kelvin , Matt's boss, who wants Matt to help put over his new pop group ZKC and doesn't want him distracted. Matt agrees to put the final touches on ZKC's music video in exchange for the opportunity to run Kelvin's club when it re-opens. Meanwhile, a friend of Matt's offers Craig a staff job at his club. Unfortunately, on his first night he gets into a fight with one of the patrons. He calls Matt, who ditches a video editing session to retrieve Craig. Kelvin is livid, but invites Craig to a party at his house anyway. The invitation is a pretext, however, to break up Matt and Craig. Kelvin offers Craig a job doing "market research"  to keep him away from Matt for several weeks. He also aims Jamie, a member of ZKC, at Craig, who has a drunken one-night stand with him the night before he leaves for his job. While Craig is away, Matt learns about his fling with Jamie. Paula also acts to keep them apart, refusing to give Matt his messages from Craig. Craig returns to London the night of a music awards show at which Paula and ZKC are scheduled to perform. Matt confronts Craig but forgives him, then has to calm down Paula, who's terrified of performing live, and Jamie. Kelvin tells Craig that he won't be needed any longer for "market research." Jamie and Matt have had a previous fling as well and, while high on cocaine, they start making out. Craig catches them and storms out. Matt catches up to him and Craig asks him to leave with him right then. Matt hesitates and Craig leaves. Craig returns to Blackpool and agrees to take the fight. Matt, preparing for the club opening, decides to go to Blackpool after him. Kelvin fires him from the club and the record company. Matt meets Craig's brother Tony, who figures out the nature of their relationship. Tony, who just wants Craig to be happy, helps Matt find him, finally tracking him down at the fight. Craig loses badly, but he's bet all the money he made in London against himself and makes a big payday. Matt and Craig decide to give it another go.
5465180	2	In the second Stooge adaptation of Pygmalion, the trio are repairmen who make a scene in the presence of two psychologists, Professors Quackenbush  and Sedletz . Quackenbush makes a bet with Sedletz that he can turn the boys into gentlemen through environment. Training is slow and painful for the professor, who pulls his hair out in disgust. The Stooges take the opportunity to flirt with the professor's daughter, Lulu ([[Barbara Slater , while learning table etiquette. Finally, the winner of the wager will be decided by the boys' behavior at a fancy society party. The party, naturally, goes awry. Curly greets guest Mrs. Smythe-Smythe  by kissing her hand, and biting off the diamond in her ring. Realizing this, Moe and Larry take Curly to a secluded area to lecture him, only to find that the kleptomaniac Stooge has swiped a load of silverware as well. Curly then grabs a pie from a pastry table, and tries to eat it whole. Moe sees this, swipes the pie, and pushes Curly out of the way. Seeing the approaching Mrs. Smythe-Smythe, Moe tosses the pie straight up, resulting in it sticking to the ceiling. Noticing his nervousness and frequent upward glances, she sympathetically comments, "young man, you act as if the Sword of Damocles is hanging over your head." Moe tells Mrs. Smythe-Smythe she must be psychic and leaves. Bewildered, Mrs. Smythe-Smythe says "I wonder what's wrong with that young man?" and looks up to see what had him so concerned. At that moment the pie comes crashing down in the society matron's face. This sparks off a massive pie melee that takes no prisoners.
26312150	3	Rena and Yuko, the two sexually-adventurous high school girl friends from Pink Tush Girl  get part-time jobs at a hostess bar in order to earn money for an abortion for Yuko. At the end of the school year the two must part as Yuko prepares to depart for acting school in Hokkaido, and Rena gets ready for college.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 313|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}
31417999	2	Working the night shift as a toll collector on a lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo, New York, Henry is a man seemingly without ambition, dreams or purpose; a man sleepwalking his way through life. When two friends get out of his car, supposedly to get some money at an ATM, they instead rob the Buffalo Savings Bank, and Henry is arrested for supposedly being an accomplice. Rather than give up the names of the real culprits, Henry takes the fall and goes to jail. There, he meets the irrepressible Max, a con man who has grown far too comfortable with the familiarity and security of his ‘idyllic’ life behind bars, but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry’s mind which will change his life forever: for a man to find his purpose, he must first have a dream. Upon his release one year later, Henry finds his purpose. Having done the time, he decides he may as well do the crime. Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger’s tunnel which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the alleyway, he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long overdue parole — and then recruits his former cellmate to help stage a robbery. Henry becomes actor in the theater's current production of "The Cherry Orchard" by Chekhov, to get access to the tunnel. However, he finds himself slowly falling for the production’s mercurial leading lady, Julie.http://collider.com/henrys-crime-trailer/80892/ One of Henry's "friends" helps clearing the tunnel from mud; he informs the other "friend", who insists in participating too. A retiring guard of the bank helps by informing the robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault. During the robbery the second "friend" uses a gun to try to take all the money himself, but he is overpowered and left behind in the vault. When the others drive off, Henry demands to stop the car, and he returns to Julie.
12613761	2	Life in the Arizona Territory of the 1860s is hard, but Phoebe Titus , the only American woman in the pioneering community of Tucson, is up to the challenge. She catches the eye of Peter Muncie , a handsome young man with a wagon train passing through on the way to California. He begins courting her, but tells her he is not ready to settle down in one spot. As a possible solution, Phoebe offers him a job heading a new freight company she has just formed with store owner Solomon Warner ([[Paul Harvey . He, however, is determined to see California, but promises to return when his wanderlust is satisfied. Phoebe is more than a match for freight competitor Lazarus Ward . However, a dandy named Jefferson Carteret  shows up just as the American Civil War breaks out. He helps her persuade wavering residents to stay after the Union garrison pulls out, leaving them without protection against the Indians. Carteret pretends to be Phoebe's friend, but coerces Ward into making him a secret partner. The treacherous pair try every underhanded way they can to destroy her business. They bribe Indian chief Mano with guns to attack her wagons. The Confederates gain the  allegiance of the community by sending some troops, but they are soon recalled east, and Union soldiers take over, among them Peter, now a sergeant. He helps Phoebe secure a lucrative army freight contract, but Carteret has Ward slander her to the Union commander, claiming that she supported the departed Confederates. Peter and Phoebe get the truth out of Ward at gunpoint, and regain the contract. Soon after, Peter's enlistment expires. Phoebe persuades Peter to go to Nebraska to get cattle for the ranch she has always dreamed of owning. She has already bought a great deal of land cheaply from those who had left because of the troubles. However, the $15,000 the army paid her is stolen by Carteret's men. Carteret then offers to make her a loan, with her business and land as security. She accepts. Six months later, Carteret abruptly tells Phoebe that her loan is due. Fortunately, Peter is half a day away with their herd. Carteret gets the Indians to attack, but Peter and his men are able to fight them off. Peter gets a confession from one of Carteret's men, but Carteret kills his henchman. Then he shoots Ward in the back to rid himself of the last incriminating loose end. The entire town celebrates as Phoebe and Peter get married. Then he has her wait for him in Solomon's store while he goes to settle accounts with Carteret. Shots are heard, then a relieved Phoebe takes her slightly wounded new husband home.
3927646	1	The film opens at a top secret chemical research facility called Hope Center #1 where a chemical leak in one of the modules at the facility turns the entire staff into flesh-eating zombies. The movie then shifts to an unnamed European country with a four-man team of commandos led by Lt. Mike London  being deployed to eliminate a group of terrorists who have taken hostages inside a large building. The unknown terrorists are demanding the closing down of all the Hope Centers, which both the government and the military deny the existence of, and the press, under orders of the local authorities, do not make any public announcement to the terrorists' demands or any mentioning of Hope Centers. After pumping tear gas into the building, Lt. London and his three commandos burst into the room where the terrorists are and kill them all. Once the mission is completed, the team is flown to Papua New Guinea due to communication being lost with Hope Center #1, presumed due to terrorist action. They soon meet journalist Lia Rousseau  and her cameraman, who are investigating a series of mysterious and violent attacks on the local native population. After encountering some of the natives, the group come under attack by hordes of flesh-eating zombies which attack the native village, killing and eating all the living people they come into contact with. Over the course of the movie, the four military men and two journalists travel through the New Guinea jungle in the commando's jeep, trying to survive while evading increasing numbers of flesh-eating zombies. Midway through the film, the group takes refuge in an abandoned plantation, only to come under attack from the zombie residents who kill and eat one of the commandos, forcing the surviving group to flee. Eventually, Rousseau and London's men battle their way to a beach where they take a raft and finally arrive at Hope Center #1, where they find all of the workers either dead or roaming the facility as zombies. Rousseau and London finally learn about the experimental chemical that was accidentally released which kills people and turns them into zombies. Rousseau learns from the papers left behind in the offices that the chemical, coded as 'Operation Sweet Death', had been intended to curb the Third World population by driving them into preying on each other. In the end, however, neither London's team nor the two journalists make it out alive as the zombies attack them from all directions, and they are all killed. The final scene has a group of zombies attacking a couple in a city park where it grimly implies that the contagion has now spread to the developed world.
402866	1	In 1482 Paris, Clopin, a gypsy puppeteer, narrates the origin of the titular hunchback. A group of gypsies sneak illegally into Paris, but are ambushed by Judge Claude Frollo, the minister of justice. A gypsy woman from the group attempts to flee with her deformed baby, but Frollo chases and kills her outside Notre Dame. He tries to kill the baby as well [believing the baby to be an unholy demon], but is stopped by the cathedral's archdeacon, who accuses Frollo of murdering an innocent woman. To atone for his sin, Frollo agrees to raise the deformed child in Notre Dame as his son, naming him Quasimodo. Twenty years later, Quasimodo develops into a kind yet isolated young man who is told by Frollo that he is a monster and would be rejected by the outside world. A trio of living stone gargoyles serve as Quasimodo's only company. Despite Frollo's warnings, Quasimodo sneaks out of Notre Dame to attend the annually-held Festival of Fools where he is celebrated for his bizarre appearance, only to be humiliated by the crowd after Frollo's men start a riot. Frollo refuses to help Quasimodo, but Esmeralda, a kind gypsy, intervenes by freeing the hunchback, and uses a magic trick to evade arrest. Frollo scolds Quasimodo and sends him back inside the cathedral. Esmeralda follows Quasimodo to find him, but is herself followed by Captain Phoebus of Frollo's guard. Phoebus does not approve of Frollo's methods and refuses to arrest her for alleged witchcraft inside Notre Dame, instead having her detained within the cathedral. Esmeralda, under the suggestion of the Archdeacon, offers a prayer to God to help her and the outcasts. Esmeralda finds and befriends Quasimodo, who helps her escape Notre Dame out of gratitude for defending him. Esmeralda entrusts Quasimodo a pendant containing a map to the gypsies' hideout, the Court of Miracles. Frollo soon develops lustful feelings for Esmeralda and upon realizing them, Frollo begs the Virgin Mary  to save him from her "spell" to avoid eternal damnation, upon learning of her escape, instigates a city-wide manhunt for her in which he burns down countless houses which would shelter gypsies in his way. Phoebus becomes disgusted with Frollo's actions , and defies Frollo, who orders him to be executed. Phoebus is injured and falls into a river, but Esmeralda rescues him and takes him to Notre Dame for refuge. Frollo returns to Notre Dame later that night and, knowing Quasimodo helped Esmeralda escape, bluffs that he knows where the Court of Miracles is and that he intends to attack it at dawn. Using the map Esmeralda gave Quasimodo, he and Phoebus find the court to warn the gypsies, only for Frollo to follow them and capture all the gypsies present. Frollo prepares to burn Esmeralda at the stake after she rejects his advances, but Quasimodo rescues her and brings her to the cathedral. Phoebus releases the gypsies and rallies the citizens of Paris against Frollo's men, who try to break into the cathedral. Quasimodo pours molten copper onto the streets to ensure no one will enter, but Frollo successfully breaks in and chases Quasimodo and Esmeralda to the balconies where he and Quasimodo stumble off the cathedral. Frollo falls to his death, while Quasimodo is caught by Phoebus on a lower floor. Afterward, Quasimodo is encouraged by Phoebus and Esmeralda to leave the cathedral into the outside world, where the citizens hail him as a hero and accept him into society.
15715548	2	In a small Spanish village, Gloria, the imperious head of a troubled family, is devoted to her two sons. The brothers, Óscar and Juan, have frequent violent disputes. Óscar, the oldest, and his steel-willed mother run the family's grocery store called el Jardín , which does a brisk business in the black market. When Óscar marries Juan's lover, Ana, Juan, the beloved handsome second son decides to better his fortunes in Madrid joining the Nationalist Army. Ana, who loves him, is heartbroken. Juan also leaves behind his impoverished cousin, Ángela, pregnant with his child. She moves to the countryside and gives birth to a boy, Juanito. Years later, Óscar and Ana remain childless. Gloria wants to bring her illegitimate grandson and only heir, into the family circle. When Juanito is stricken with rheumatic fever while searching for his father, Ángela agrees to let him stay at el Jardin. Everyone spoils the boy, and he becomes close to Ana. However, he misses his mother and she returns to live with the family. One day Juanito hears that his father will pass with Franco’s retinue; he finally meets him and discovers he is only a waiter in the service of Franco’s personal bodyguard. The years move on and Juanito has recovered from the rheumatic heart condition, he is totally disenchanted with his father. He learns that his father is visiting Ana, Óscar’s wife. Because Juan now needs money, Ana steals one thousand pesetas from the family safe, the profits from the black-marketing the family practiced to survive during the war. Gloria discovers the theft but blames it upon Ángela, who is dragged off to jail by the local Civil Guards. Gloria discovers the truth and urges Juan to return home to marry Ángela so that the family will have a legitimate heir. Ángela, however, refuses to marry the callow Juan, who is still in love with Ana. Meanwhile, Óscar and Juan's sibling rivalry continues, and they fight fiercely in their own love–hate relationship, first over Ana, then Ángela. The following day is Juanito’s "saint's day," celebrated by the entire family. During the festivities, Juan tries to seduce first Ángela and then Ana in the hay barn. But Ángela is so enraged by Juan's behavior that she shoots him in the shoulder with a hand gun. The scene is discovered by a shocked Gloria, but in the middle of the tumult, the entire family is gathered by the local photographer for a family portrait in front of el Jardín. They throw a jacket over Juan's shoulders to cover up the blood from the bullet wound, and the film ends in a freeze frame of the photograph, offering no conclusions, but exposing all the hidden hypocrisy within this petite bourgeois family.
17653561	2	The film, set at City Centre, a shopping mall in Kochi as backdrop, is all about a few youngsters, Roy and Sanju and their love interests, Annie and Meenakshy. Long-ignored and mistreated by society for reasons none of theirs, they decide to take matters into their own hands. Roy  is an accountant in a private financing company of Kaustubhan,  who pays his staff, the modest of all salaries. Sanju  is a desperate cricketer, left out of Ranji team, who is presently working in the same commercial mall in an electronics shop. Roy has a soft corner for Annie  who works as a receptionist in a travel agency in the same complex. And Meenakshy ([[Sandhya , the daughter of Kaushtubhan, is madly in love, always chasing Sanju. Sanju and Roy, all have plenty of house hold chaos due to poverty. But an idyllic New Year eve celebration turns nightmarish as they are subjected to unimaginable terrors and struggle to stay on their lives. Circumstances conspires them with no alternatives other than to become robbers. After a thrilling getaway after stealing two crore rupees, this heist movie recounts what else the cycle of life holds for them. With tons of money in their disposal but with powerful elites on their search, they are forced to alter their plans following impending pressures.
25147240	2	A bumbling courier at a private adoption agency botches the delivery of a baby to its new parents in time for Christmas when he misplaces their baby en route.
5257171	2	The film opens with Hermie's, Oscy's and Benjie's high school commencement exercises. During the ensuing party at Hermie's house, the three agree to meet at a diner that night, at which point Benjie announces he has enlisted in the marines and will report for basic training the following day. Hermie and Oscy are going to college at their respective fathers' request and spend the summer working at a loading dock. A few months later, Benjie pays a surprise visit before reporting to active duty in the South Pacific. He can't stay for lunch, saying he's on his way to the subway, so Hermie and Oscy accompany him to the station, where they say their goodbyes. Shortly after graduating, Hermie and Oscy are off to college, where they settle in their boarding house and are introduced to campus life. When Hermie goes to apply for a position at the campus newspaper, he meets Julie, an attractive, well-to-do coed. They strike up a friendship and quickly fall in love. Oscy meanwhile laments that he won't last very long in college, saying he's doing it for his father, and expends more effort in trying to pick up girls than studying. He tries out for football and makes the team. The two of them join a fraternity that Julie has picked out, and go through the ritual of initiation. No sooner do they move into the frat house when Oscy gets expelled from school for having a girl in his room – a major rule violation. When Hermie expresses concern about upcoming exams, Julie teaches him a few tricks on cheating.  Hermie and Julie have a falling out when Julie informs him that they can't go to the fall dance together because an old boyfriend was going to be in town and insisted on seeing her that same evening. Julie tries to assure Hermie that this fellow means nothing to her anymore and has no objection if Hermie were to go to the dance with someone else, but Hermie doesn't buy that and Julie leaves in a huff. Back at the frat house, Hermie gets into an argument with his new roommate over personal hygiene. It escalates into a shouting match when a phone call brings bad news for Hermie: his father has died suddenly. He returns home for the funeral, where Oscy pays his respects after the service. He is now in the army and is stationed on Governor's Island as a clerk typist. Oscy tries to lift Hermie's sagging spirits by suggesting they go out and have a drink in memory of Hermie's father. Once at the bar, they become inebriated and a brawl breaks out. They manage to escape and eventually stagger back to Hermie's house, where Hermie struggles to accept the fact that his father is gone. Hermie returns to college and is about to call for a cab at the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad train station when headlights are aimed directly at him, then a car horn is sounded. It's Julie, who has come to meet him. She tells Hermie that she found out about his father and called his house, at which point Hermie's mother told her what train he'd be on. She offers her condolences and informs Hermie that he passed his exams. The two reconcile as the film ends.
12515074	2	Shaan is a charming, rustic, god fearing local who honours and reveres his local Maulvi and hangs out at the local Madrassah where his brother memorizes the holy verses word for word. Shaan is of the best Gujjar, his name Shareef means, he is a God fearing, peace-loving, humble sort of person even at things that may annoy people. Shareef Gujjar's best friend Bhola  acted by Moammar Rana is a loud, thoughtless buffoon who just about manages a paan stall. His greatest problem is his infatuation with the local prostitute Nirma. She does recognize true love in Bhola even if he isn't quite what she was hoping for. One day some villainous goons led by Saud and Cheema swagger into town and make their way to Nirma's kotha where she is booked to entertain. When Pola hears of this indignity, he arrives at the Kotha where a terrible shoot-out follows. To cut a long story short, Nirma is saved from a life as a tawaif by Rana, who is then framed by the police and imprisoned. Meanwhile Cheema and Saud hunt for Nirma so that they can force her to return to the Kotha. Eventually their search for Nirma leads them to Rana's best buddy Shareef who is having an almighty celebration for his brother who has just memorized every single word of the Holy scriptures, no less than a Herculean task. The goons gatecrash the celebrations and demand Nirma but when they are met with resistance, they gun down the celebrating lad mercilessly with no regard for his recent memorizing of the holy book. Finally Shareef Gujjar realizes that in order to survive and compete in this horrid world one has to have a change of name as well as a change of heart. So he announces very loudly no less than five times that he is now to be known as Badmash Gujjar rather than Shareef Gujjar, and as if to prove his point he guns down about 60 policemen in the next 30 seconds.
4791383	2	Princess Daisy tells the story of a young girl who is sent to England to live with her father, Prince Valenski, after her mother's death in a car crash. Unfortunately, Daisy is immediately separated from her twin sister Dani, who is a retarded child not accepted by their father. When Daisy turns 16, their father dies in a plane accident. The girl is forced to take care of her life herself, especially when her half-brother starts seeing in her more than just a sister.
35785312	3	Marcela is an immigrant woman with money difficulties. She finds a job looking after Amador, an old man who dies and she hides that fact so that she can maintain this job. http://www.filmaffinity.com/es/film158004.html
17595675	2	{{Expand section}} Grace Durland is a young debutante who is forced to leave college when her father goes bankrupt. While working for a living, she falls in love with Ward Trenton. As she reveals her love for a married man to her family, the reaction is very negative. Ward's evil wife refuses to grant him a divorce. This changes when he suffers a car accident.
31361927	2	Sreenu  is the son of Vishwanatham ([[Chandra Mohan . He is a high school drop out in Anakapalle and wants to marry his uncle’s  daughter Bujji . She rejects him stating that he doesn’t have college education. Sreenu, who is clever and street-smart decides to go to Hyderabad for further education. While travelling in the train, he bashes up a bunch of rowdies teasing college girls. At the college in Hyderabad, he meets Shruthi  and falls in love with her. The city gangster Bhavani  is in love with her and blackmails her to marry him. He beats anyone moving closely with Shruthi. Meanwhile, henchmen of Warangal Rajanna , a dreaded chieftain, are looking for Sreenu in the city. Sreenu meets Bhavani and forces him to a challenge, whereby, he will make Shruthi love him. Sreenu rescues Shruthi from being kidnapped by the gang of Yadayya, a rival of Bhavani. When Sreenu wins Shruthi's heartand both of them decide to elope, she is kidnapped. It is then revealed that Rajanna kidnapped Shruthi to get hold of Sreenu because Rajanna’s daughter Sandhya  is in love with Sreenu. She was the girl who was saved by Sreenu on the train. Sreenu lands at Rajanna’s place and finds himself in a fix. Bhavani, too, arrives at Rajanna’s place to take away Shruthi. A police intelligence officer , Rajanna's brother-in-law, comes to attend Sreenu and Sandhya's wedding. Sreenu and Bhavani start their one-upmanship games to win Shruthi. How Sreenu comes out of this quagmire to rescue Shruthi from the clutches of Rajanna and Bhavani and what happens to Sandhya are revealed in the climax interspersed with twists and turns.
161877	2	Set in Wakefield, the film concerns a bitter young Yorkshire coal miner, Frank Machin . Following a nightclub altercation in which he takes on the captain of the local rugby league club and smacks a couple of the others, he is recruited by the team's manager, who sees profit in his aggressive streak. Although at first somewhat uncoordinated at league, he impresses the team's owner, Gerald Weaver , with his spirit and brutality of his playing style during the trial. He is signed up to the top team as a loose forward and impresses all with his aggressive forward play. He often punches or elbows the opposition players throughout the game. Off the field, Frank is much less successful. His recently widowed landlady, Mrs. Margaret Hammond , a mother of two young children, lost her husband in an accident at Weaver's engineering firm but gained no compensation because it was ruled to have been a suicide. He uses her for sex, but in her grief she cannot return any affection; she finds his lack of social graces, for instance, at a smart restaurant, somewhat off-putting, and he is violent towards her. He leaves after a row over her late husband, Weaver and his predatory wife. He rejects the latter's advances and treats her as a commodity, to be used and discarded. Intending a reconciliation, he finds that Margaret is in hospital. She is unconscious, having suffered a brain haemorrhage shortly after their split; she soon dies without regaining consciousness. In the end he is seen as "just a great ape on a football field", vulnerable to the ravages of time and injury.
6810072	2	The story starts with narration by Maddy himself. Maddy is son of a music shop owner. The man hopes that Maddy will someday take over his shop. Instead, Maddy is a total brat, who is not serious about studies and notorious in his college. He harasses the girls in his college. In contrast to him is his arch rival Sam, a model student, with whom Maddy is at constant loggerheads. The enmity goes so far that Maddy even tries to frame Sam. Sam leaves the college, but promises Maddy that he will have his revenge. 2 Years later, Maddy has taken a job as software instructor at a private company. His attitude has mellowed a lot, but not changed. Once, he and his college cronies attend a wedding of another classmate, where Maddy spots Reena. Maddy gets smitten and tries to know more about her, but in vain. However, destiny makes them meet again. Soon he learns that Reena plans to marry Rajeev Samra, an old friend who is now an NRI. Maddy also learns that Reena doesn't know how Rajeev looks like now. On persuasion of his friends, Maddy decides to pretend to be Rajeev. Reena, who previously liked him only as a friend, falls in love with him too. Everything is going alright, until Rajiv's parents really call and tell them that Rajiv is coming to meet them. On learning this, everyone is shocked and Maddy's secret comes to fore. Reena's parents tell her to call off her relationship with Maddy, which she does. The real Rajiv also decides to meet his impostor. Maddy is shocked to see that Rajiv is none other than Sam. Sam is even more infuriated to learn his impostor's true identity. Rajiv and Reena's parents decide to get them married as soon as possible. Here, Maddy goes into depression and starts drinking. Reena is no better off without him either, as she finds it very difficult to forget him. Though the enmity between Sam and Maddy is renewed, Sam cannot help but notice that Reena is marrying him only because she is mad at Maddy. Finally, Rajiv confronts Reena and asks her whether she loves him or Maddy. Here, Maddy's well wishers decide to send him off to America. When Rajiv realizes that Reena still loves Maddy, he takes her to the airport. Rajiv and Maddy spot each other. Maddy thinks that Rajiv has come to rebuke him once more. Rajiv hands Reena over to Maddy, upon which the duo confess their feelings for each other. Rajiv is heartbroken, but feigns his old attitude towards Maddy and leaves them.
31178612	2	Nallannan is the King of Madhurapuri. His sister Nalla Thanka is married to Somanathan, the King of neighbouring country Ratnapuri. Alankari, the wicked queen of Madhurapuri becomes envious of the happy married life of Nalla Thanka. Years pass and one day, drought strikes Ratnapuri. Nalla Thanka and her seven children seeks refuge in Nallannan's palace. Nallannan promises all help while Alankari tortures Nalla Thanka. But Nalla Thanka hides the misdeeds of Alankari from her brother as she does not want their family life to be disturbed. Nalla Thanka is forced to leave her brother's palace. She decides to kill her children and commit suicide. She throws her children one by one into a well. Before killing herself, she prays to Lord Shiva to forgive her for the decision. Shiva descends and saves her life, and brings back all the children. Nallannan comes to know about his wife's misdeeds and he banishes her from the country. Meanwhile, Ratnapuri regains its glory and Nalla Thanka returns to her country to lead a happy life.
6652508	2	{{Unreferenced section}} This adaptation of Macbeth takes place in the Melbourne underworld. Macbeth , a loyal underboss to his crime boss Duncan , is told by teenage witches that he will one day assume great power. Driven by their prophecy, his wife  plans to kill Duncan and take the leadership of the gang for herself and her husband. Macbeth's obsessive love for her leads him to agree to her murderous plan, but he finds that maintaining his power will require a lot more from him than first imagined. The film opens in a cemetery where the Weird Sisters, three school girl witches, are seen destroying and defacing headstones and statues, while close by Lady Macbeth weeps beside a headstone marked "beloved son". Macbeth stands by. It is here that the three witches make their plan to meet with Macbeth later, and leave the cemetery, smiling smugly at Macbeth from afar. Macbeth leads Duncan's gang, in his absence, to do a drug deal with Macdonwald and his men. In a gunfight between the gangs, all members of Macdonwald's gang are killed. While chasing two gunmen, Banquo and Macbeth are led to the Cawdor Club. They seize the club. The current owner of the club is tied up and later killed. Duncan officially hands the club over to Macbeth, and Macbeth and Banquo celebrate by drinking the club's alcohol and taking some pills found on a table. During this drug trip Macbeth meets the three witches who prophesise that he will soon be in Duncan's position with total control over the gang. He tells his wife this, though she doubts he has it in him to take over Duncan's position. Later when she learns that Duncan will be dining and staying at their house, she plots with her husband to kill him, passing the rank of gang leader to Macbeth. Lady Macbeth drugs Duncan's bodyguards, and while they sleep Macbeth takes their knives and kills Duncan, framing the guards. Macduff comes to Inverness and finds Duncan murdered in his bed. Before the bodyguards can profess their innocence Macbeth shoots them. Malcolm, Duncan's son, immediately suspects Macbeth as having something to do with his father's death and flees. After Macbeth is hailed as the new leader by most of Duncan's gang Macbeth sends two murderers to kill Banquo and his son, Fleance. The murderers kill Banquo, but Fleance escapes. Macbeth holds a celebratory dinner, and after learning that Banquo has been killed, sees a vision of Banquo's ghost at the dining table. Macbeth is becoming more shaken by his desire for power. Lennox, Ross and others now suspect Macbeth of killing Duncan and Banquo. Macbeth finds the three witches in his house that evening and, after drinking a foul potion and engaging in an orgiastic sexual encounter with them, asks the witches of his future. He is told to fear Macduff, but no man "of woman born shall kill you". Later it is revealed that Macduff is not a natural birth, but a caesarean section, which is not "of woman born". He is also shown a vision of Fleance being hailed as gang leader. These prophecies enrage Macbeth, as does the witches' quick disappearance, and he has the murderers go to Macduff's home and brutally kill Lady Macduff and her son. Seeing this on the television, Lennox and Ross go to tell Macduff who has gone to his uncle Siward. Malcolm convinces him that Macbeth has gone much too far in his quest for power and must be stripped of his leader status. Meanwhile, Lady Macbeth has become more insane, to the point where she re-imagines the evening of Duncan's killing and continuously tries to wash off his blood from her hands. A doctor sedates her, and Macbeth appears fairly indifferent to her instability. He prepares for the impending attack from Macduff, Lennox and Ross. Lady Macbeth commits suicide in a bath tub by slashing her wrists, enraging Macbeth. The two murderers, realising the unlikeliness of surviving the attack, swiftly flee Dunsinane leaving Macbeth with only Seyton, his main bodyguard, and two others. The murderers run into Macduff and his associates at the edge of Burnham Wood and are shot. Fleance looks on. Malcolm leads his men to Dunsinane where they ambush the house and a large gunfight ensues between them and Macbeth and his guards. Macbeth is chased to the cellar where he faces off with Macduff and is stabbed in the stomach. He stumbles upstairs to his bedroom, where the body of Lady Macbeth lies, and dies at her side. As Macduff leads Fleance, now the inherited gang leader, from the house Macbeth's famous "tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow" speech is heard.
20533088	2	Woody Woodpecker lands in a sideshow at a small-town circus, where his heckling proves too much for magician Buzz Buzzard to handle. Woody's pursued by Buzz throughout the fair.
2257358	2	Orphan Phillip "Pip" Pirrip  lives with his shrewish older sister and her kind-hearted blacksmith husband, Joe Gargery . One day, Pip runs into an escaped convict, Abel Magwitch , who intimidates the boy into getting him some food and a file for his chains. Magwitch is caught when he attacks a hated fellow escapee, and is taken back to prison. Miss Havisham , an eccentric rich spinster, arranges to have Pip come to her mansion regularly to provide her with company and to play with a cruel but beautiful teenage girl, Estella . Estella mocks Pip's coarse manners at every opportunity, but Pip quickly falls in love with her. The visits come to an end when Pip turns 14 and begins his apprenticeship as a blacksmith. Estella also leaves, to learn to become a lady. Six years later Miss Havisham's lawyer, Mr. Jaggers , visits Pip  to tell him that a mysterious benefactor has offered to transform him into a gentleman, one with "great expectations"; Pip assumes it is Miss Havisham. He is taken to London, where Mr. Jaggers arranges for Pip to stay with Herbert Pocket , who will teach him how to behave like a gentleman. From Herbert, Pip learns that Miss Havisham was left at the altar many years ago; she is determined to avenge herself against all men, and Estella is her instrument to break men's hearts. After Pip turns 21, Joe Gargery comes to visit him, bringing a request from Miss Havisham to visit her. There he is delighted to be reunited with Estella , who tells him, "You must know, Pip, I have no heart." Estella and Pip spend much time together. She confesses to Pip that despite flirting with the wealthy but unpopular Bentley Drummle, she has absolutely no feelings for him. Pip suddenly receives another visitor from the past, Magwitch, who reveals that he is Pip's patron. Pip, who always imagined that Miss Havisham was responsible for his good fortune, now realizes that she was only using him. Growing suspicious of Drummle's overtures toward Estella, Pip visits Estella at the old woman's house, where she tells him that she is going to marry Drummle. Pip confronts Miss Havisham, saying "I am as unhappy as you could have ever meant me to be." Miss Havisham, finally realizing what she has done after seeing the crushed expression on Pip's face, begs his forgiveness. Pip leaves, but when she stands up to follow him, a piece of flaming wood from the fireplace rolls out and ignites Miss Havisham's dress. Her screams alert Pip, who runs back to find her in flames. Pip tries to save her, but is too late. After being warned that an old enemy  knows that Magwitch is in London, Pip makes preparations to smuggle the old man onto a packet boat and accompany him to the continent. Pip, Herbert and Magwitch row out to the packet boat, but are intercepted by the waiting police, tipped off by Magwitch's great enemy. Magwitch is seriously injured in a struggle with his nemesis. He had spoken to Pip of his lost daughter, and Pip's suspicion that she is Estella is confirmed by Mr. Jaggers. Pip visits the dying Magwitch and tells him of her fate, and that he, Pip, is in love with her; Magwitch passes away, a contented man. Stricken by illness and with his expectations gone, Pip is taken home and nursed back to health by Joe Gargery. He revisits Miss Havisham's deserted house, where he finds Estella. Her plans for the future have also gone awry, as Drummle had broken off their engagement after Mr. Jaggers informed him of her true parentage. Learning that Estella plans to live in seclusion in the house, which she has inherited, Pip proceeds to tear down the curtains and force open the boarded-up windows; for the first time in years sunlight illuminates the room, revealing cobwebs, dust, and decay. Pip tells Estella that he has never stopped loving her. After hesitating, she embraces him and they leave the house together.
11714278	2	Scout Bozell has always dreamed of becoming a member of the safety patrol at his school, Rockridge Middle School. However, his clumsy, bumbling, hazardous nature prevents him from doing so. In one such instance shown at the film's beginning, while he picks up a banana peel on the ground and describing how hazardous is it, a kid trips over his backpack, causing his marbles to roll out and the kids to slip on them, one girl sending her lunchbox flying and it hits the principal on the head. As Scout swings his backpack to put the banana peel in the garbage, he knocks a kid off his bike, setting off a chain reaction that ends with a plastic squirrel the bike crashed into hitting a truck full of giant frozen tuna, which slide on the road and eat the last member of the safety patrol, "Joe Lobes" Lobenick, leaving him severely traumatized, and deleting the list of safety patrol until he recovers. The teachers try to convince Principal Tromp to put Scout on safety patrol, as he is the only one left on the list. Tromp agrees, but gets the school boundaries changed, transferring Scout to Laurelview Middle School. Laurelview is currently experiencing petty theft, on a grand scale. The perpetrators are two members of the staff: Mrs. Day, the lunchlady, and the janitor, Mr. Miller. They are actually Georgina and Tim Bartlett, mother-and-son thiefs. Working with them are the school's safety patrol , led by the principal's son, Kent Marlowe. During the safety patrol's introduction, Scout cheers "Go safetys!", causing all the kids in the audience to say the same, except as if telling them to leave, which angers the safety patrol. Scout also meets a kid named T'Boo, who introduces him to Lefty , Red, Walt Whitman, Lucky, and Hannah Zapruder, who is one of the cheerleaders. It is later revealed that T'Boo is afraid of frogs ever since an incident in his biology class when he was attacked by a frog that came back from the dead. Meanwhile, Scout's grandfather has several broken bones  due to Scout accidentally  knocking him off a ladder. When Mrs. Marlowe, the principal, becomes aware that a safety patrol member is involved in the thefts, Kent, Mrs. Day, and Mr. Miller look for a scapegoat to put the blame on, and so they employ Scout as a member of the safety patrol, as Mr. Miller and Kent have a mutual disliking for him. At a ceremony, in which Hannah is valedictorian, Kent gives a lighter and the key to Mrs. Marlowe's office to Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day, who then sneak them into Scout's pocket. When fellow patrolman Coop asks Scout to get his gloves, he discovers Mrs. Marlowe's office is on fire, so he puts the fire out and saves the hamster; however, when the key and the lighter fall out of his pocket, it appears as though Scout stole the key and started the fire, so he is kicked off of safety patrol and forbidden to attend the Fall Ball. Hannah and the others are sure Scout was set up. When Hannah's father is searching through his tape for a scene he can send to Wink Martindale, he, Hannah, Scout, and the others watch the ceremony and see Kent, Mr. Miller, and Mrs. Day planting the key and lighter on Scout. Scout, Hannah, T'Boo, and the others soon discover Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day's actual identities and that they are responsible for the thefts in the school, The crew goes to the Fall Ball, where they give the tape to Weird Al Yankovic, who plays the tape and exposes Kent and his gang for starting the fire. Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day rob a tent, but are discovered in the process, so they take Hannah hostage aboard a hot air balloon . Scout goes after them to stop them. Hannah throws a bag of money over the edge, and Mr. Miller jumps off, hanging onto the edge. Scout tries to save him but, unwilling to let go of the money to take Scout's hand, he falls, though he survives due to landing in a very small spot of water. By threatening to throw more money off the balloon, Hannah gets Mrs. Day to land the balloon, though it crashes and sends Mrs. Day falling into a hole, where she is hanging onto the edge. Scout and the others save her from falling to her death, during which time T'Boo encounters a frog, but soon he seems to get over the zombie frog attack. Afterward, Mr. Miller and Mrs. Day are arrested. Scout is put back on safety patrol, and Kent and his gang are replaced by T'Boo, Hannah, Red, Walt, Lucky, and Lefty. Grandpa Bozell makes a full recovery, though soon after is knocked out when he is sent crashing through a door by a waxer that, earlier in the film, seems to have come to life after being plugged in by Scout. Mr. Zapruder seemingly records this to send to Wink, but his camera has no tape in it.
7329566	2	The story involves two women, one a femme fatale Catherine  whose true name is never known. She preys on wealthy middle-aged men, seducing them into marriage and then fatally poisoning them. Each death is misdiagnosed as Ondine's curse, a condition by which seemingly healthy middle-aged men die in their sleep. Justice Department agent Alexandra Barnes  stumbles onto the first murder while investigating another case. As Alexandra delves further into the case, she uncovers a pattern which she believes ties the same woman to several similar murders. Using exhaustive research, elaborate disguises, and identity changes, Catherine weaves her web anew with each murder, killing a publishing magnate, a toy maker , and a museum curator , and is quickly moving on to her next victim: Paul Nuytten , an international hotel tycoon. Later, she reveals she has been married six times, and possibly as many murders. Receiving her boss Bruce's  permission, Alexandra goes undercover to track down Catherine's background and then identify her next potential victim. The trails leads to Seattle where Catherine kills husband number three , and finally to Hawaii, where the two women meet and eventually engage in a sexually intense war of wits and wills. They both compete for the affection of wealthy Paul Nuytten, and Catherine eventually marries him. Alexandra is arrested for Paul's murder when the police find a poison in her room. Catherine visits Alexandra in prison, and while they talk, Paul shows up with Alexandra's colleagues. Alexandra tells the shocked Catherine, "yes, we know — we found the poison before he did."
34973357	3	Ramata is a spellbindingly beautiful woman in her fifties. She has been married for thirty years now to Matar Samb, a former prosecutor who is now the Minister of Justice. They live in Les Almadies, an elegant neighbourhood of Dakar. Ngor Ndong is 25. He is a young, strong, mysterious man with no fixed residence and an occasional petty crook known by the police. One evening, in a taxi that Ngor Ndong just happens to be driving, Ramata agrees to follow this young man to the Copacabana. She then begins a new life.{{cite web}}
14634586	2	Young Upali Giniwella  is resentful of his new stepmother  and lashes out by committing harmless acts of mischief around the village. For this Upali is sent to a boarding school where he bonds with the headmaster . He once again gets into trouble however and is returned home when a new headmaster installed. Upali is punished by his father back home. He becomes more resentful and takes off with his servant boy Jinna  to the island dubbed Madol Duwa. After some adventures there, Upali is found by a friend of his father. Upali learns that his father is sick and returns home to ask for forgiveness.  {| class"50%" |- bgcolor="#CCCCCC" ! Actor !! Role |- | Ajith Jinadasa || Upali Giniwella |- | Padmasena Athukorala || Jinna |- | Joe Abeywickrema || Headmaster |- | Somalatha Subasinghe || Upali's stepmother |- | Dhamma Jagoda || Upali's father |- | Shanthi Lekha ||  ""  |- | David Dharmakeerthi || elderly man |- | Denawaka Hamine ||  ""  |- | Punitha Mendis ||  " "  |- | S. A. James ||  " "  |- | Trilicia Gunawardene ||  ""  |- | Upali Attanayake ||  " "  |- | Daya Alwis ||  "Lalitha "  |- | Somaratna Dassanayake ||  ""  |- | U. Mapa Guneratne ||  " "  |- | Merlyn Gunaratne ||  " "  |}
11450820	2	Three men will fight for the love of a charming girl. Charlie and one suitor teams up against the third, and play dirty, throwing bricks and using a mallet. However, Charlie double-crosses his partner, thus losing his trust and the girl in the end.
26950194	2	The movie focuses on the marriage of Graciela and Arturo, who operate a kindergarten in their mansion. They live with Graciela's widowed mother, Luisa. Graciela is particularly keen on one boy, Luciano, on whom she makes sexual advances. As the movie progresses, the relationship between Graciela and Arturo tenses. Scenes show them celebrating kids' birthdays while having sex in hiding, practicing a ritualistic burning of a wrecked car, mistreating their comatose grandfather  and generally torturing Luciano. The end has Luciano imprisoning and gassing Graciela and Arturo, and then escaping with Luisa on a horse-drawn carriage.
27264955	2	Five Fingers movie is revolves around five close friends Manu , Meera , Rafeeq , Ashok Baby and Vijayakumar studying at a college. They are very close pals and are ready to do anything for each other.
7414946	1	After a mysterious gas attack which kills off most of the earth's population, a few survivors gather at a country inn to figure out a plan for survival. However, the gas attack is only the first step in an alien attack, in which groups of killer robots stalk the streets, able to kill anyone with the a mere touch of their hands. The group's members find additional weaponry in a nearby drill hall, but the robots continue their campaign of terror, which only increases when their victims rise from the dead as zombies, eager to kill anyone who might try to stop them. Yet despite frictions within the group -- and the birth of a baby, which further complicates matters -- most of the members survive, and head to a nearby airport, where they commandeer a plane and fly towards an unknown destination, where perhaps additional survivors await their coming.
12457184	2	A farmer  and a weaver  exchange their products for goods provided by a regular passing trader . A woman  arrives, forcing the two men’s desires but also urging them to obtain more recompense from the trader. After a visit to a village fair, the two men become more acquisitive and jealousies break out over the now pregnant woman who simply ups and leaves .As the two men fight each other, the trader’s men attack and enslave the workers again.
2976028	3	Inspired by a true story, Kurt Russell and Dakota Fanning star as the father and daughter who lack a much needed bond. Ben , a horse trainer who takes his work very seriously, neglects his own aspiring daughter while he pours his heart into the care of the horses that he trains. Determined to make good on her father's overdue promise, Cale  prods him one morning to take her along to work by standing in front of his pickup truck just as he starts to head out to the track. Ben, reluctant at first, finally gives in and drives off with her in tow. Throughout the movie Cale continues to prod her father to take her along on some of his work trips, and succeeds. One morning, however, while with her father, a horse named Soñador falls during a race, injuring herself badly enough that Ben's boss, Palmer, demands the horse be put down. Having Cale along, Ben refuses and strikes a bargain with Palmer. Ben, now the owner of a wounded horse, with no job and facing foreclosure on his estate, decides to breed Soñador. Cale, having fallen in love at first sight of Soñador before the accident, begins to sneak out to the barn at night to see her. Cale also sneaks over to see her grandfather, 'Pop', Ben's dad , who loves teaching his young and aspiring horse-loving granddaughter all about horses. One day, overhearing her father's conversation with her mother, Lily , Cale hears her father say that Soñador has ruined them, to which Lily emotionally responds that Soñador is the best thing that has ever happened to them, alluding to the fact that Ben has finally been spending much needed time with Cale. Emotionally hurt after hearing the conversation, Cale sets out to run away and saddles up Soñador. Not knowing of Cale's plan, Ben enters the barn. The door slams behind him just as his eye catches Cale's, sitting atop Soñador. Suddenly startled, Soñador bolts out of the barn with wide-eyed and terrified Cale gripping her bridle and hanging on for dear life. Ben scrambles to his truck and sets out after them. This incident begins to cement the newly-forming bond between father and daughter, and also begins to heal the wounds of the whole family that had grown over the years. Soñador goes from being a negative focal point to the hero of the movie.
710822	1	{{Plot}} Mister Geppetto is an earnest woodcutter. Years ago, he had carved the image of his heart into a pine tree for his secret love Leona, but lightning hits the pine tree. A few years later, Geppetto finds the pine tree again, but it splits in half and rolls down the bank, landing at his feet. Geppetto is intrigued upon his discovery and takes the log home. He discovers that the pine log refuses to be burned, and so he decides to carve the new puppet with it. His puppet, named Pinocchio, is soon mysteriously animated by a somewhat sentient force after his creation, and Pinocchio approaches the woodcutter, initially alarming him, but then Pinocchio becomes aware of a pigeon on the window and decides to chase the bird. After a chase throughout the town, Gepetto finally finds Pinocchio and starts teaching him about how to behave. However, after a short conversation Geppetto has with another woodcutter, Pinocchio runs off. First he sees a boy with a red ball who throws the ball at Pinocchio's head. Pinocchio then goes after the ball and becomes involved with two thieves, Volpe and Felinet, who attempt to flatter Pinocchio, but then Geppetto comes to the rescue and warns Pinocchio to mix with the right people. Volpe and Felinet go to the puppet master Lorenzini  who owns a luxurious puppet theatre. Felinet tells him about Pinocchio, and Lorenzini appears interested, so he visits Geppetto that afternoon to barter for Pinocchio. However, although Pinocchio is somewhat taken to Lorenzini, Geppetto refuses to sell Pinocchio. Later, Pinocchio follows a group a schoolchildren and becomes fascinated by school and learning, to which he wants to go for, in which Gepetto allows. But a boy named Lampwick  and Lampwick's friend Saleo  involves him in a violent prank. The teacher punishes Pinocchio harshly for sneezing his sawdust all over him, forcing him to leave the company of the real boys. Out of bitterness, he then causes a great deal of mischief in a bakery, in which the baker's wife  causes more damage than the puppet. Geppetto is held responsible for the puppet's actions and is arrested. While Geppetto spends the night in a prison cell, Pinocchio returns home and meets 'the voice of truth' in the form of a wise and optimistic cricket named "Pepe". He promises to help Pinocchio to become a real boy, if he will start acting to be a good person. The next day, Geppetto and Pinocchio stand before the judge, who rules that, unless Geppetto can pay for the damage Pinocchio caused, he will be sent in prison for three years. Lorenzini steps in and offers to pay off the debt, on the condition that Pinocchio be handed over to his custody. Geppetto strongly refuses but eventually gives in, believing that perhaps the puppet will be better off that way. Pinocchio is heartbroken and does not want to leave his "father", but Geppetto tells them that he cannot be his father . Pinocchio comes to enjoy the theatre and also comes to believe that Lorenzini loves him as much as his father did, after receiving few golden coins by him. Pepe tells him that Lorenzini is just using him to get rich and success. Pinocchio comes to realize this as he performs in Lorenzini's play, and manages to save several puppets from being burned by the cruel Lorenzini. As he escapes, he accidentally sets the theatre aflame. He floats away down the river, passing through the woodlands to a quiet monastery, after being attacked by a woodpecker. Volpe and Felinet catch up with him and manage to swindle him out of golden coins by telling him that if he buries them in the ground, they will grow into a tree of miracles that will turn him into a real boy. Pepe scolds the puppet and proclaims: "Miracles don't grow on trees. Miracles are made in the heart!" Meanwhile, Geppetto  and Leona have begun searching the forest for Pinocchio. However, Pinocchio is enticed by Lampwick to join a wagon-load of other boys who are being taken to the "Terra Magica", where they are encouraged to perform several bad deeds such as Ripping Books Having Pillow Fights Smashing Windows Shooting with Guns and Riding the Roller Coaster. During the trip, Pinocchio's hat falls into a river and later Geppetto and Leona arrive and find it on a beach, thinking that Pinocchio is lost at sea. Before striking out in a rowboat to search for the son, Geppetto professes his love for Leona. Meanwhile Pinocchio Lampwick and Saleo go on the Roller Coaster where they get douced with a load of water from a fountain that suddenly turns the boys into Donkeys. Then they are rounded up by Lorenzini, who runs the park after abandoning his career as a puppet master. Pinocchio, having grown only donkey ears, frees the donkeys from their pen. Chased by Lorenzini and his henchmen, Pinocchio attempts to warn the other boys of the cursed water in the fountain. No one believes him until Pinocchio makes donkey-Lampwick kick Lorenzini sending him into the fountain's pool, and as Lorenzini gets out of the fountain and jumps in a river, he transforms into a "monster". The boys, having learned of the park's curse as well as their lessons, run away together to get back to their homes, scaring much of Lorenzini's henchmen away, and leaving Pinocchio and the donkey-Lampwick to journey back home alone. However, when Pinocchio arrives, she is still there, and takes care of Lampwick while reluctantly allowing Pinocchio to row a boat to find Geppetto. However, the puppet gets swallowed by Lorenzini, now transformed into a monstrous whale. Inside Lorenzini's belly, Pinocchio is finally reunited with Geppetto. In order to escape, Pinocchio tells Geppetto that he hates him. The lie causes Pinocchio's nose to lengthen again and push the whale's throat open wider. The nose then breaks from Pinocchio, but still holds the throat. Unable to breathe properly because of this, Lorenzini is forced to vomit both Pinocchio and Geppetto out before he succumbs. Geppetto and Pinocchio make it back to shore, where Geppetto apologizes for giving Pinocchio away and tells him that he loves him, finally transforming the puppet into a real boy. On the way home, Pinocchio runs into Volpe and Felinet and tricks them into drinking from the fountain of the park where he and the other boys were turned into donkeys . Pinocchio returns to live life as a real boy with Gepetto, Leona and his best friend Lampwick, who changed back to normal along with the other cursed boys by becoming good and doing good deeds.
19661752	1	Two young freedom fighters, Hung Wen-ting and Hu Ah-piao, spend their days traveling around China and beating up evildoers. Their sense of adventure is piqued when they are offered the chance to take down the Dragon Gang. A first attempt to defeat the boss of the Dragon Gang, through a disguised entry into her bedchamber as a prospective husband, is foiled because the two brave souls are too young to take her on. Later, the martial arts experts encounter an evil sorcerer and his very powerful demon, who has completely no brain. Foiled by the demon, they come up with a new plan. Accompanied by hoedown music, they set out for the Dragon Gang's lair a second time. A deadly powder eliminates the demon, and the sorcerer is defeated by a toe to the torso. Finally the showdown arrives. One brother takes on the beautiful, cold boss of the Dragon Gang, while the other fights the secret Boss, trusted by the Emperor. The final boss is defeated by skillful use of a coffin.
32300689	1	Kate is a workaholic with a failing relationship with her boyfriend. One night after falling asleep she dreams of one of her friends being thrown from a building by an unseen assailant. The police come to her the next day and reveal to her that her friend has, in fact, died. Kate, for a moment begins to wonder if she is responsible. She then realizes that it was not she who killed her friend, but her friend's double. One by one Kate's friends are hunted downed and killed with strange 'artifacts' removed from their bodies by their attackers. Kate then teams up with her boyfriend in hopes that they can escape the same fate.
457561	3	Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.
8637720	1	The story is based on the traditional Chinese folklore about a boy named Chenxiang. His mother is a goddess and his father is a mortal. Since their marriage was forbidden, his uncle Erlang Shen, punishes them by killing the father. The mother escapes and gives birth, but the little boy grows up without knowledge of his ancestry. His mother possesses a magical Lotus Lantern whose light can scare away evil. When his uncle, a strict and powerful god, kidnaps Chenxiang, his mother fights to save her son. Unfortunately, his uncle is victorious and Chenxiang is forced to live in his palace on the sacred mountains. Erlang Shen then imprisons his sister beneath a mountain for her crimes. Although he is quite young, Chenxiang manages to escape from the palace, taking the magical lotus lantern that his mother lost during the battle. After surviving adventures with many beloved characters of Chinese mythology, Chenxiang finally matures into a courageous boy who must battle his uncle to win his mother's freedom and fall in love at the same time.
11558274	3	The film follows a graduate student, Omar Razaghi , who wishes to write a biography on an obscure writer, Jules Gund, who died years before. He must travel to Uruguay to persuade the Gund family to authorize the biography.
950429	2	Sarah Morton , a middle-aged English mystery author, who has written a successful series of novels featuring a single detective, is having writer's block that is impeding her next book. Sarah's publisher, John Bosload , offers her his country house near Lacoste, France for some rest and relaxation. After becoming comfortable with the run of the house, Sarah's quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher's daughter, Julie . She shows up one night claiming to be taking time off from work herself. She also claims that her mother used to be Bosload's mistress, but that he would not leave his family. Julie's sex life consists of one-night stands with various oafish men, and a competition of personalities develops between the two women. At first Sarah regards Julie as a distraction from her writing. She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep during Julie's noisy nighttime adventures, although she nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination with them. Later she abandons the earplugs during one of Julie's trysts, beginning to envy Julie's lifestyle. The competition comes to the fore when a local waiter, Franck , is involved. Julie wants him but he appears to prefer the more mature Sarah, having struck up a relationship with her during her frequent lunches at the bistro. An unexpected tragedy occurs after a night of flirting among the three. After swimming together in the pool, Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him, once Sarah, who watches them from the balcony, throws a rock into the water. Franck feels frightened and tells Julie he is leaving. The next day, Franck is missing. While investigating Franck's disappearance, Sarah learns that Julie's mother has been dead for some time, though Julie had claimed that she was still alive. She returns to the villa, where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown. She eventually recovers and confesses that Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him over the head with a rock as he tried to leave her at the pool. His body is in one of the sheds. When Marcel  becomes suspicious of the mound of fresh soil where the body is buried, Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him. Julie leaves, thanking Sarah for her help and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother, which she had previously claimed that John made her burn. Sarah returns to England and visits her publisher's office with her new novel. His daughter also shows up just as Sarah is leaving, but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend with.
14946484	2	At the launch party of Kep’s luxury Beach House Hotel, handsome manager Sarun also celebrates a milestone. He’s just earned a big pay rise for his achievements and can afford to get married. Question is, who to? Sarun’s career has left no time for a personal life. The closest females have been the waitresses at the hotel  and his efficient assistant manager Somalie  whose arranged marriage to family friend, Neang, looms large. So how’s he going to find a wife? He needs help! Aunt Towen and Aunt Lye step in. They brought Sarun up after promising his mother on her deathbed they’d organise his life. At first they appear to have struck gold, when they introduce Sarun to a rich friend’s alluring daughter Rythika. Sarun is instantly struck and Rythika seems to respond. But she turns out to be a disaster, the first of a string of girls whose loveliness matches their unsuitability. Sarun’s accident-prone friend Otdom, maintenance man at the hotel, considers himself to be an expert in marriage - he has two lovely wives of his own. With the aunts’ efforts backfiring, Otdom takes it upon himself to find the perfect wife for his friend, employing increasingly desperate measures along the way. None succeed. When Sarun takes matters into his own hands, he is no more successful. Why is this simple task of finding a wife proving so difficult?. Somalie watches from the sidelines, trying to help her colleague find happiness at the same time hiding misgivings about her own wedding. Bit by bit she falls in love with Sarun, but knows her father expects her to marry, Neang. For his part, whilst growing attracted to Somalie, Sarun never allows himself to think about loving her. He’s knows she’s unavailable. Sarun meets Vanny who could not be more perfect for him. Somehow he just isn’t interested. What on earth is wrong with him? When the truth dawns, that he truly loves Somalie, he realizes he has to get away from Kep before her wedding. If he doesn’t start a new life, his heart will simply break. Are Sarun and Somalie destined to live apart forever? Or can their love find a way to triumph ...?
9162738	2	Wallace Beery plays eternally inebriated ex-veterinarian Tom Terry. An aspiring jockey Mickey  idolizes Tom, who reciprocates by passing along horsemanship advice to the kid. The film's dramatic high point is where Tom, judgement benumbed by years of alcohol abuse, tries to pull himself long enough to perform a delicate operation on Mickey's beloved horse Lady-Q. The film culminates in a big horse race, with Mickey and Tom laying their hopes on the "long shot."
20581119	3	Although well qualified, Ram Chand  is unable to obtain suitable employment, and works as a peon in an organization. One day he meets with Ravi Chand, who is on the verge of committing suicide, he counsels him against this, as well as permits him to live with him. Ravi gets employed in the same office as Ram, albeit as a Manager, and falls in love and marries a co-worker named Lata . Ram's parents would like him to get married too, and he goes to see them and meets his bride-to-be, Kusum Sharma . Ram sends a photograph of Kusum for approval to Ravi and Lata, and is disappointed to learn that Ravi does not approve of Kusum. When Ram attempts to find out the reason behind his disapproval, Ravi gives very elusive responses, and Ram takes it upon himself to find out why Ravi disapproves of Kusum so much. It is then Ram will come to know of the shocking truth behind the relationship between Kusum and Ravi, and about Kusum's reputation.
7927833	2	Searching for his missing daughter Sophia in the Port Authority Bus Terminal, from which she was abducted several months earlier, William Keane confronts ticket agents and random passersby with a newspaper account of her disappearance, but no one recalls seeing the little girl. After spending the night wandering the streets and sleeping along the side of the highway, he returns to the cheap hotel where he is living and finds he is unable to get into his room. The desk clerk tells him his payment is in arrears, and Keane covers the cost of another week's stay with a disability check. Alone in his hotel room, Keane drinks beer and talks to himself about his ex-wife and the birth of their daughter, and he reads the clippings about another abducted New Jersey girl who was found and reunited with her parents he keeps in an envelope. He makes contact with a drug dealer and purchases cocaine, and the more he ingests the more paranoid he becomes, certain he is being followed and watched. He goes to a nightclub and snorts coke with a woman named Michelle, then has sex in a toilet cubicle with her. Back at his motel, Keane meets Lynn Bedik and her daughter Kira, who is close in age to his missing child. Lynn clearly is having financial difficulties, and he insists she take the $100 he offers her. She asks Keane to watch Kira for a few hours, then calls the motel and leaves a message she will not be returning that night as planned. Keane reassures a despondent Kira, who fears Lynn has abandoned her, that her mother loves her and will be back. The following day, Keane takes Kira to a local indoor skating rink and teaches her how to ice skate. While they are playing skee ball in the adjacent arcade, Keane believes he is being watched by another patron and becomes agitated. Kira manages to calm him and they return to the motel. When Lynn arrives later, she explains she was with Kira's father Eric, who has arranged for them to move to Albany, where he has found a job. Desperate not to lose Kira because she reminds him so much of Sophia, Keane goes to her school, takes her without permission, and brings her with him to the Port Authority, allegedly to meet her mother there and board a bus to Albany. There he sends her to buy candies, as his daughter had done several months earlier, just minutes before she was abducted. It seems as if Keane is reviving the tragic loss of his daughter, perhaps expecting the abductor to show up again and try this time to abduct Kira to -as he was expecting him to show up every time he was visiting the station for all those months, imagining his plan and his schedule. This doesn't happen. He cries for his losses and decides to really get her to her mother. Kira tells him she loves him and he says he loves her too.
2556838	2	John Chisum , a virtuous, patriarchal land baron, locks horns with greedy Lawrence Murphy , who will stop at nothing to get control of the trade and even the law in Lincoln County. Chisum is an aging rancher with an eventful past and a paternalistic nature towards his companions and community. Murphy, a malevolent land developer, plans to take control of the county for his own personal gain. The story begins with Murphy's men tipping off Mexican rustlers who plan to steal Chisum's horses. Chisum and his sidekick Pepper  stop the bandits with help from a newcomer to the area, William Bonney , also known as Billy the Kid. A notorious killer, Billy has been given a chance to reform by Chisum's philanthropic neighbor, rancher John Tunstall . Billy also falls for Chisum's newly arrived niece, Sallie . Murphy is buying up all the stores in town and using his monopoly to push up the prices. He appoints his own sheriff and deputies. He also brings in a lawyer, Alex McSween , whose principles lead him to switch sides and seek work with Chisum and Tunstall. The two ranchers set up their own bank and general store in town under McSween's control. Chisum's land and cattle remain targets. Murphy's men attempt to steal Chisum's cattle before he can sell them to the Army. Chisum's ranch hands are warned by Pat Garrett , a passing buffalo hunter. Garrett agrees to help Chisum and soon befriends Bonney. Together they foil an attack by Murphy's men on the wagons bringing in provisions for the new store. Fed up with Murphy's underhand activities, Tunstall rides off to Santa Fe to seek the intervention of Gov. Sam Axtell ([[Alan Baxter . On the way he is intercepted by Murphy's deputies, who falsely accuse him of cattle rustling and shoot him dead. Chisum and Garrett hunt down the deputies and ride them back towards town for trial. Bonney, seeking revenge for the murder of his mentor, overpowers Garrett and shoots dead both deputies. Before Sheriff Brady  can organise a posse, Billy rides into town and kills him too. Murphy appoints bounty hunter Dan Nodeen  as the new sheriff, giving him orders to hunt down Bonney. Nodeen has a score to settle, as a previous encounter with Bonney has left him with a permanent limp. Billy's plans for revenge are only just beginning. He breaks into McSween's store looking for dynamite. He is spotted by Nodeen, who gets Murphy's men to surround the store. McSween comes out unarmed but Nodeen shoots him in cold blood. Chisum is alerted by McSween's wife  and rides into town. The main street is blocked, so Chisum stampedes his cattle through the barricades. He tracks down Murphy and takes him on in a fist fight which ends with both men falling from a balcony. Murphy ends up impaled on steer horns. With his paymaster dead, Nodeen flees with Billy in pursuit. The film ends with Garrett taking over as sheriff and settling down with Sallie. It's been learned that General Lew Wallace takes over as governor of the area. With law and order restored, Chisum can resume his iconic vigil over the Pecos valley.
28293855	3	Turning 30 is the story of the protagonist of the movie Naina  who is about to celebrate her big three oh and life is a perfect picture with a good job and the perfect guy. However, things turn into a nightmare when her boyfriend breaks up with her to marry a girl who can finance his fathers failing business. She has some setbacks at work when the credit for all her ideas and hardwork goes to undeserving people. With few days left for her birthday she is in a mess - constantly trying to win the guy back. The movie also tells the stories of her two best friends Malini and Ruksana who stand by her and support her though they are going through some rough patches in their lives.
1306686	3	Captain Reiker , a Dutch sea captain, sets off on what he intends to be his last slave-ship voyage. After capturing slaves with the complicity of an African chief , he then starts his voyage for Cuba. Along with the slaves below-deck, the passengers include his mistress, the slave Aiché , and the ship's doctor, Doctor Corot . Tamango , one of the captured men, plans a revolt and tries to persuade Aiché to join him and the other slaves. When the captured slaves do rebel, Tamango manages to hold Aiché hostage. A deadlock between the two sides then develops and Captain Renker states he will fire a cannon into the ships' hold and kill all the slaves unless they give up. Aiché is given a chance to leave by Tamango but after looking up the ladder that leads out of the hold , chooses to stay with her fellow slaves. The captain makes good on his threat and shoots the cannon into the hold, literally silencing the slaves' songs.{{cite book}}Miller, pages 224, 231, 233
28257968	3	In the 1930s, Teresa  is a naive young woman dealing with the oppressive attitudes of society and her father's austere ways. She has a fling with university Latin professor Jonathan Crow . It takes her a while to figure out that he will not get serious with her. Teresa then starts dating liberal-minded banker James Quick . Once she's settled down with Neill, the idealistic Teresa becomes enamored with another intellectual, poet Harry . Quick encourages the affair, hoping that Teresa will come to realize that there's more to true love than mere sexual impulsivity.
6942838	1	Set a year after the original, One Missed Call 2 introduces Kyoko and her friend Madoka. Both women are teaching assistants at a kindergarten in the middle of Tokyo. Madoka persuades Kyoko to visit a restaurant where Kyoko's boyfriend Naoto works part-time at. Mei-Fueng is the daughter of the cook, and her cellphone rings with the "ringtone of death". However, she is out buying groceries and her father answers it. The call was meant to be for Mei-Feung, but since her father answered it, he hears his own death instead. Later, when the restaurant is closed, Mei-Feung gives Kyoko and Madoka her new phone number since she has gotten a new one along with a new cellphone. Seconds after exchanging numbers, Madoka gets a call with the ringtone of death. Naoto is in the kitchen looking for the cook, and discovers him dead with half his face burned off. The police are then alerted. Detective Motomiya comes to the scene first and question Naoto about the death. However, Naoto doesn't mention anything that relates to Mimiko's way of killing. Naoto is then confronted by Detective Takako, who also questions him about the incident. She finds out that the cook heard the ringtone of death before his death, and that Naoto heard it coming from Madoka's phone right before he found the body. Meanwhile, Kyoko and Madoka are video chatting through their phones. Kyoko sees a strange figure behind Madoka, and asks if someone was over. Madoka says that she is alone, but Kyoko sees the figure coming closer. She keeps asking Madoka if she sees something behind her, but Madoka doesn't see anything. The figure reaches for Kyoko through the phone, and in a panic she throws it at the wall, disconnecting her and Madoka. Kyoko rushes to Madoka's apartment to save her, but finds Madoka mutilated in the shower. Naoto and Takako come in soon after discovering Madoka was about to die. Naoto goes to embrace Kyoko after looking at Madoka's body. Then Kyoko's phone suddenly rings with the ringtone of death. Takako investigates the original cellphone murders, searching for Mimiko's grandparents. Together with Kyoko and Naoto she finds Mimiko's grandmother, who is working at a restaurant. She tells them that Mimiko was born out of rape. Mimiko's grandfather killed the man who raped his daughter. In jail he felt chased by a child  and after being released he decided to go back to Taiwan, where he was born. Takako visits Taiwan and finds Mimiko's grandfather dead with his cellphone in his hand. She discovers from her ex-husband, Yuting, that similar mysterious deaths occurred here. Kyoko and Naoto decide to go to Taiwan as well to figure out how to save Kyoko. Takako finds out that the murders actually started from an old mining town, which is now a ghost town. The trio visit an old woman, who is the last person that lived in that town. The old woman tells them that the curse started with a girl named Li Li. Li Li was a "creepy child" who was bullied by the other children of the town. One day, while she is getting bullied, Li Li finally snaps and "curses" everyone in the town. The relatives of the dead became enraged by Li Li's curse, and takes her into the mine where they sew her mouth shut so she can't foretell any more deaths. Li Li is then sealed alive in the mines. Takako, Kyoko, and Naoto then go to the town to investigate the mine. When they get there, they find the mine locked. Then Takako goes to find another way into the mines, in which she does. However, her flashlight breaks, and she is then knocked out. Takako then dreams about her twin sister, and saves her from answering the call on the payphone. Takako asks for forgiveness and hugs her sister. When she opens her eyes, her sister has disappeared. Takako then wakes up in the mine. Kyoko is trapped by the vengeful spirit of Li Li, but Naoto is able to bring her to safety. They are pursued by the ghost, and Naoto sacrifices himself by answering Kyoko's ringing cellphone. Some time later, Kyoko recovers in a hospital bed. Takako checks her messages and discovers she has one missed call. Some officers from the Taipei Police show up in Kyoko's room and reveal that two bodies were found in the abandoned mine. Confused, Takako goes to Yuting's apartment and discovers his corpse, as well as a video camera which seems to show herself stabbing him. She opens her cellphone, and notices she has a missed call from herself, stamped with a time that passed hours ago , she looks at her watch this time and notices it has stopped at nothing to become white, the time that she had fallen in the cave. She realizes that Mimiko had stabbed her, and that she had already died at the hands of Mimiko. Spitting out a red hard candy, she is seen smiling as the death ringtone is heard. The ending song is Ai No Inori by Aki.
15442575	2	Joe arrives as the new boy in school, and the boys decide to initiate him into their secret club, the Cluck Cluck Klams. During the proceedings, a couple of auto thieves break into the barn, and when they make their getaway, Farina and Jackie are in the back seat.
1614875	3	The film tells the story of Jim Morris, the son of a career Navy man, who moves the family to a small Texas town. Jim is shown to be a very skilled pitcher as a youth, though his father disapproves of Jim's dream of making it to Major League Baseball. It is later mentioned that the town to which Jim's family moved, Big Lake, has never cared for baseball. Thus, he was unable to play baseball in high school. He later gets a chance when he is drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers, but he tears up his shoulder, ending his hopes of achieving his lifelong dream. Years later in 1999 Morris, married with three children, is a high school science teacher, as well as head baseball coach. His team, the Big Lake Owls, is very unsuccessful with many of his players skilled, but unmotivated, especially with very little community support. One day after practice, the team catcher offers to play catch with Morris. There it is revealed that Jimmy may still have his fastball, and it is soon displayed to the rest of the team. The Owls believe that Jimmy could possibly pitch in the major leagues and offer him a deal: If the Owls can win district and make the state playoffs, Jim will try out again, which Jim accepts. Furthermore, the team urges him to throw his fastball in batting practice, which immensely improves their hitting. The Owls end up winning district and after their final win, the team tells Jim that, since they kept up their end of the deal, it is now his turn to do his part. Jim is told of a tryout nearby for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Jim goes, without telling his wife, afraid that her fear of him re-injuring his shoulder would keep him from going. After his tryout, Jim is told that his fastball is a staggering 98&nbsp;mph, which is abnormally higher than it was in his younger years . The lead scout tells Jim that, despite his advanced age , he could be signed to a minor-league deal. Jim's wife finds out after getting two phone messages from the Tampa Bay scouts and she is at first reluctant to let Jim go, citing his home responsibilities, but after seeing how Jim is inspiring their son, Hunter , she allows him to go. Jim tells his father, who he still has a cold relationship with, of his situation, and his father once again tries to dissuade Jim from trying to achieve his dream again, telling Jim, "There is a difference between what you want to do and what you were meant to do." He is initially assigned to the minor league Class AA Orlando Rays  but quickly moves up to the AAA Durham Bulls. Concerned for his family due to mounting bills  and unhappy that some of the organization's younger prospects view him as a publicity stunt and mock his age, Jimmy decides to give it up and come home. But his wife Lorri talks him out of it, not wanting Jim to give up again. Jim gets inspired again when he watches a Little League game one night, remembering the same love for baseball he had as a kid. In September Jim is told that the Major League club has called him up, and that they will be playing in Texas against the Rangers. Jim calls his family, who in turn informs the town. Advising his wife of the dress code in the majors, Jim finds his sports coat, a necktie and his St. Rita necklace hanging in his locker. St. Rita is the saint of impossible dreams. His family, high school players and many townspeople go to the game. Jim impresses many of the coaches in warm-ups with his fastball, and late in the game, with Tampa Bay losing badly, Jim is called into the game to pitch to Royce Clayton and end the inning. Jim ends up striking out Clayton on 3 straight fastballs. After the game, Jim gets interviewed by the press, being the oldest MLB rookie in over 40 years. During the interview, Jim notices his father had also come to the game. Jim's father finally admits that he is proud of what Jim has done and also apologizes for never supporting him. Jim thanks him and gives him the ball with which he had gotten the strikeout, and the two finally repair their relationship. Jim then meets with his family and all the townspeople who had come to the game, applauding Jim on his amazing success story. The final scene shows the Big Lake high school trophy case, which has Jim's Major League jersey prominently displayed. It is then mentioned that Jim would go on to pitch in the majors for 2 seasons before retiring and returning to teaching in Texas.
1210303	1	John Constantine  is an exorcist who lives in Los Angeles. Born with the power to see angels and demons on Earth, he committed suicide at age 15, unable to cope with his visions, but was revived by paramedics before descending into Hell. Because of this, he knows his soul is condemned to damnation when he dies once more, and has recently learned that he has developed cancer as a result of his continuous smoking habits. After a case involving a full-fledged demon trying to break onto the "human plane," Constantine seeks an audience with the androgynous half-breed angel Gabriel . Gabriel advises that because he performs the exorcisms for his own benefit, they are vain acts that will not spare him from Hell. After his meeting with Gabriel, Constantine is attacked by a full-fledged demon. After a meeting with a former witch doctor known as Papa Midnite  fails to produce answers, Constantine begins investigating the situation with his associates Beeman , Hennessy , and Chas Kramer . L.A.P.D. Detective Angela Dodson  shows up at Constantine's condo seeking consultation regarding her investigation of the death of her twin sister Isabel, who leapt from the roof of a mental hospital. Constantine tells Angela that God and Lucifer are engaged in a proxy war; a standing wager for the souls of all mankind. Neither true angels nor demons can manifest on Earth, but they are allowed to possess and influence humans. Through Hennessy and Beeman's findings, Constantine learns that Mammon, Lucifer's son, seeks to create his own kingdom on Earth by breaking through onto the human plane. To do so, Mammon requires a powerful psychic, Isabel, who was provided by the half-demon Balthazar . After reporting the information, Hennessy and Beeman are found dead and Constantine concludes that Balthazar was responsible. Angela reveals that she possessed the same gift as her sister but denied it to the point that it became inactive. Constantine reawakens Angela's psychic ability through a near death experience, then hunts down and interrogates Balthazar who reveals that Mammon has obtained the Spear of Destiny, which has the blood of Jesus Christ encrusted on it. Angela is abducted by an unseen force and taken to Isabel's hospital to be used as the portal for Mammon’s entrance to Earth. Constantine storms Midnite’s club and Midnite allows him to use "The Chair", an old electric chair from Sing Sing Prison that had killed over 200 inmates, and it shows Constantine a vision that the Spear was discovered in Mexico and has been brought to Los Angeles. Constantine and Chas head to the hospital and interrupt the ritual, but Chas is beaten to death by an unseen force in the process. Using incantations and sigils tattooed on his arms, Constantine reveals the force to be Gabriel, but the angel promptly subdues Constantine. Gabriel laments God’s favoritism towards humans and believes that bringing Hell to Earth will enable those who survive to become truly worthy of God’s love through repentance and faith. Gabriel then throws Constantine from the room and begins to release Mammon. As Gabriel moves to stab Angela with the Spear and release Mammon, Constantine slits his wrists. Time stops as Lucifer  arrives to personally collect his soul. Constantine tells Lucifer about Mammon’s plan and Lucifer sends Mammon back to Hell to keep Mammon from conquering Earth before him. When Gabriel attempts to smite Lucifer, the angel's wings are burned away and Gabriel becomes human. In return for helping Lucifer, Constantine is owed a favor and asks that Isabel be allowed to go to Heaven. Lucifer obliges and begins to drag Constantine to Hell, but his self sacrifice has redeemed him and he begins to rise into Heaven. Infuriated and wishing to reacquire Constantine's soul, Lucifer heals his wounds and cures him of his lung cancer so that he may live again. Constantine departs with the Spear after refusing the temptation to kill Gabriel, and gives the Spear to Angela instructing her to hide it, then forget it. As he watches her leave, instead of producing a cigarette, he starts to chew on some nicotine gum. In the end credits, Constantine visited Chas' grave. He left his lighter that he always used. When he left, Chas became an angel with wings and flew upwards to the sky. Constantine smile and left.
13154268	1	Deep in space, above a fiery prison planet named Dante, Dante 01, a scientific space station orbits the planet. Its inhabitants include two security guards, two scientists and six prisoners whose crimes were so severe that they volunteered to live under experimentation rather than face death penalties. One day, a shuttle arrives with a new scientist named Elisa. Her passenger is a man of unknown origins, who wakes up severely disoriented, unable to speak, and often falls into blank stares at what he sees as a bright, shimmering light. He seems to be aware of his surroundings, though, but is unable — or unwilling — to interact with them for the most part. He is introduced to the prisoners: their leader César, his right hand man Lazare, the large Moloch, the socially reclusive Bouddha, Raspoutine, a religious man who believes in repentance with God and the only one who sides with Saint George in the beginning, and Attila, a computer hacker. Raspoutine claims that the new one was sent by God to save the lot of them, calling him "Saint George, the Dragonslayer", because of a tattoo "George" has. Elisa and the station's head researcher, Perséphone, are at odds over their research methods. Meanwhile, the arrival prompts the station's commander Charon to work with Attila in hacking into Elisa's files and finding out what she is really there for. Much to Attila's horror, her experiments authorize her to kill all of them for the sake of the research. Meanwhile, Bouddha's self-righteous killing pattern takes effect when he sees George in great pain, and attempts to strangle him in order to alleviate his suffering. This leads to infighting amongst the other prisoners, and the wardens use gas to knock them out. Bouddha becomes Elisa's first experiment. She injects him with nanotechnology and returns him to the prison hold. Bouddha's own unbearable pain from the nanites bonding with his DNA summons George, who is somehow able to remove them from him  and Bouddha becomes well again. Bouddha then becomes as convinced as Raspoutine that Saint George is a miracle worker and befriends him, swearing to protect George. Moloch attempts to attack George. In the fight, Moloch pulls a knife, and Raspoutine's struggle with him causes Moloch to accidentally slit his own throat. Gas pours in to knock the group out, but not before George runs over to assist Moloch. The prison guards discover, to their amazement, that Moloch has no wound on his throat, and is alive and well, although unconscious. On their way out they inject César with the nanotechnology as they did for Bouddha and depart. Perséphone's assumption that George is a miracle worker is scoffed at by Elisa, but Moloch's doubts prompt César to await an impending usurping of his authority, and he plots to get rid of George. However, César's sudden bouts of pain and illness from the nanotechnology render him unable to take care of George himself, and Lazare and Moloch are sent in his stead. Meanwhile, Charon is contacted by Attila and learns that Attila has locked all of the main computer systems in an attempt to resist their eventual sacrifice. While Bouddha and Raspoutine are distracted, George is attacked by Lazare, and stabbed several times in the chest and abdomen. During experiments on George's corpse, Perséphone has doubts about Elisa's methods, but she is overruled by Elisa and Charon. Before Elisa can continue with her experiments, George, who is supposedly dead, wakes up completely healed, grabs Elisa and uses her as a hostage to reach the prison quarters before releasing her. César is in severe pain from the nanomachines, and George cures him. Attila appears and tells the others of his plans to destroy them all out of spite, by making the space station crash into Dante. Objecting to this, the prisoners subdue Attila while George attempts to cure him, but Attila manages to break free and runs away. César and his crew attempt to catch Attila; they eventually find him, only to see that he has hanged himself. With Attila dead, their plans for stopping the station's decaying orbit require the scientific personnel and the prisoners to work together, since the mechanism necessary to stop the decaying orbit is located under a trapdoor below the prisoner's quarters. The prisoners agree, and while Charon and Perséphone lead the security to the prisoner's area, they leave Elisa alone to man the controls. As the station inhabitants work to open the hatch to the manual control unit, the gas goes off, knocking out the lot of them. Elisa preps and attempts to escape via shuttle, but Lazare, who had to hold his breath during gas emission, forces her into letting him escape with her. As the others awaken, one of the guards goes to check on the shuttle, and finds that as part of his meddling, Attila had also locked the shuttle controls — as a result, Elisa and Lazare are killed when the shuttle crash lands on the planet below. Opening the panel, the group finds that the hatch to the override room is filled to the top with boiling water. César realizes he is the only one who can properly fit into the little space, and is wrapped in some protective fabrics, covered with cold water and jumps in. He loses his protective goggles on the short trip, and emerges on the other side horribly burned and dies in the compartment before entering the six digit code necessary to reset the control computer. Though dead, he indirectly managed to enable their escape from the planet's orbit: in a strange epilogue, Saint George emerges from the station in a space suit and floats above the planet on thin air — he could not save the station, so he changed the context, suddenly using the full extent of his strange and inexplicable powers  to terraform Dante into a livable planet, while his body disintegrated in space as a result.
3762624	2	Having massacred an Indian village, outlaw Duncan finds his men falling victim to a solitary rider, Navajo Joe. Joe saves two prostitutes who have overheard Duncan plot with Lynne, the town doctor, to steal a train full of money belonging to the bank. Joe steals the train back from Duncan's gang. He asks the townspeople of Esperanza to pay him to protect them from Duncan, making an offer of "I want a dollar a head from every man in this town for every bandit I kill". The townspeople reject him, as they "don't make bargains with Indians." Lynne's wife Honor persuades them otherwise. Joe sets a trap for Duncan but is caught and tortured; Lynne and Honor are killed. Rescued by an old man from the saloon, Joe again steals the train and eradicates Duncan's gang. There is then a showdown in an Indian cemetery, where Joe reclaims the pendant which Duncan stole from his wife when he murdered her. As Joe turns, Duncan shoots Joe with a hidden gun. Injured, Joe grabs a tomahawk and throws it, hitting Duncan square in the forehead. With Duncan dead, Joe sends his horse back to town, probably for the reward.
5334547	2	A series of vignettes are strung together regarding the Peanuts gang. Each vignette has a song that involves various members of the gang. * "Don't Be Anything Less Than Everything You Can Be" - Charlie Brown, Peppermint Patty, Sally and Linus sing about being the best that you can be, as Snoopy observes. * "Snoopy’s Song" - Snoopy decides to obey his owner more after Lucy almost convinces Charlie to trade him in for a cat. * "Woodstock's Theme" - More of a musical interlude than a vignette. A small musical selection plays as Woodstock wakes up and flies, with Snoopy commenting on his technique. * "Edgar Allan Poe" - Peppermint Patty, Lucy, Sally, Linus, Charlie Brown agonize over the teacher calling on them, figuring that no matter what, the teacher will ask them something having to do with Edgar Allan Poe. * "I Know Now" - Sally, Peppermint Patty and Lucy sing about what they have learned as they have grown up. * "The Vigil" - Linus once again holds vigil in the pumpkin patch on Halloween night, in hopes that the great pumpkin will appear. Snoopy accompanies him, but wears dark glasses so as to prevent anyone from recognizing him. * "Clouds" - The Peanuts gang lay about in a grassy meadow, talking about what they see in the clouds. * "The Great Writer" - Snoopy attempts to compose his written masterpiece: "It Was a Dark & Stormy Night". * "Poor Sweet Baby" - Peppermint Patty and Charlie Brown discuss understanding what love is. * "The Big Bow-Wow" - Snoopy is selected as Head Beagle, and celebrates by going out on the town, and performing at a stage show. * "Just One Person" - The Peanuts gang sing an ensemble piece about believing in yourself
17592404	2	Schoolboys at a public school set up an insurance scheme against being caned by the teachers. The scheme proves so successful that they float the company on the Stock Market.
4937126	3	The plot portrays the Swedish government as being responsible for using the ship to covertly transport Russian high-tech components to the United States. The story is uncovered by a young female journalist, not unlike Rabe herself. According to Rabe, divers hired by the Swedish government  spent hours breaking into cabins frantically searching for a black attaché case carried by a Russian space technology dealer, Aleksandr Voronin . She highlighted US interest in various Soviet technology, including nuclear-powered satellites. She also suggested that panic about the stability of some form of nuclear device is the most likely reason behind the initial Swedish government suggestion of burying the wreck in concrete, a highly unusual proposal for a wreck, reminiscent of Chernobyl's sarcophagus.
3162951	2	Hoops McCann  is a recent high school graduate who failed to get a basketball scholarship, disappointing his parents. Hoops hopes to be admitted to the Rhode Island School of Design, and must write and illustrate a love story for his application. He joins his friend George Calamari , and George's sister Squid, to spend the summer on the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts. En route, they pick up a young rock singer named Cassandra Eldridge ; who is being chased by a motorcycle gang at the time. Once on the island, Hoops and George, along with George's island friends the Stork twins and Ack-Ack Raymond, must help Cassandra save her grandfather's house from the greedy Beckersted Family. Along the way, Hoops must find a way to write his cartoon love story.
19163251	3	A British coastal command pilot sinks what he believes to be a German submarine, which in fact turns out to be British. He is charged with neglect, and volunteers for a deadly mission. His girlfriend meanwhile tries to prove that he is innocent, and did sink a German U-boat rather than a British one.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041576/plotsummary
32943555	2	It starts with Gordon's schooldays at Cheltenham College. Then details his career as a trooper in the Australian bush when he is given the task of escorting a lunatic to an asylum 200 miles away. He later resigns from the police force when he refuses to clean the sergeant's boots. He then becomes a housebreaker and steeplechase rider. Later, Gordon falls into debt and decides to shoot himself. The final scene is a shot of Gordon's grave in Brighton, Victoria.{{cite news}}
682275	1	An angel wonders if love can be Heaven on Earth in this family-themed romantic fantasy. Rev. Henry Biggs  is the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in a poor section of New York City. Biggs is devoted to serving his flock and his community, but things are not easy; membership is down, money is tight, the furnace is broken, and real estate mogul Joe Hamilton  wants to buy the property and put up condominiums. The strain is taking its toll on Biggs' marriage to his childhood sweetheart Julia , and in a moment of desperation, he prays to the Lord for help. The prayer is answered in the form of Dudley , an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs. The preacher doesn't believe that Dudley is a divine being, but he'll take any help he can get, while Julia, who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer, welcomes him into their home. However, Dudley is sidetracked in his earthly mission when he finds himself falling in love with Julia.
27346771	2	Naomi Murdoch abandons her husband and children in Wisconsin, setting off to become an actress and also to flee from an aggressive former suitor, Dutch Heineman. She decides to return 10 years later at the invitation of daughter Lily, who is appearing in a school play and about to graduate. Lily is delighted, as are townspeople who mistakenly believe Naomi has become a great success on stage. But her schoolteacher husband Henry is unsure how he feels about Naomi being back, as is daughter Joyce, still bitter about her mother's long absence. At the school play, Dutch can't take his eyes off Naomi. A teacher, Sara Harper, now loves Henry but can tell he still has feelings for his long-absent wife. Dutch turns up when Naomi goes for a horseback ride with Joyce and boyfriend Russ. Joyce and her boyfriend leave Naomi by the lake and Dutch shows up tries to embrace Naomi. Naomi refuses his advances and rides home alone. Henry and Naomi reconcile. But Dutch signals that he wants her to meet him at the lake. Naomi goes to tell Dutch that he must leave her alone because she is going to stay with Henry. Dutch says he has been to good to her and tries force himself on her to fend him off, Naomi uses a whip, and struggles with him. During the struggle Dutch's Rifle falls and Dutch is shot Naomi's son Ted helps take Dutch to a doctor, he fears his mother might have had a romantic rendezvous arranged with Dutch that day. Everyone agrees it would be better if Naomi went away. Lily wants to go along, in order to become a famed actress like her mother, whereupon Naomi confesses that her career has actually been a failure. Henry can see from Dutch's wounds that Naomi wanted nothing more to do with him. He prevents Naomi from leaving, wanting to give their life together another try.
3595362	2	During the Chinese Seventh Month, the gates of hell open and spirits are let loose upon an unsuspecting world. Hailing from a small village in the Philippines, 18-year-old Rosa Dimaano arrives in Singapore on the first day of the Seventh Month to work as a domestic maid. She urgently needs money to save her ill brother back home. Her employers, the elderly Mr. and Mrs. Teo, appear kindhearted. Their mentally-handicapped son Ah Soon also takes to Rosa immediately. Between cleaning house and helping the Teos out at their Teochew opera workplace, things start going amiss. Rosa glimpses strange apparitions at night. She finds out that there was a maid two years before her called Esther. She apparently has the same good relationship with Ah Soon as she does. That is when Rosa begins to suspect things are not as they seem. As she explores around some of the shady areas of the house, she discovers the ashes of Esther, the previous maid hidden in a jar and through a ghostly vision that Esther's spirit shows her realizes that Esther was playing with Ah Soon in his room two years ago on that same day of the Ghost Festival when he suddenly, though unintentionally, rape her on the bed. When the parents witnessed this, they feared that Esther might sue the family so Mr. Teo cowardly beat her to the ground and poured oil all over her before setting her on fire. Frightened by the vision, Rosa tries to escape when she is suddenly confronted by Ah Soon. She quickly finds out that Ah Soon is also a ghost himself when she tries to stab him only to realize that the man would not show a scar or any visible wound. In the past, Ah Soon committed suicide shortly after the death of Esther but instead of passing to the afterlife, he chose to return to the house of the Teo to find the spirit of Esther, whom he was in love with. From behind her, Mr. Teo knocks Rosa unconscious and ties her up. When Rosa awakens, she is told by Mrs. Teo that the Teo family has longed believed that ghosts can also marry and their whole intention for inviting her to Singapore was to sacrifice her so that she would be wed to their dead son. But when Mr. Teo tries to hang Rosa, Ah Soon suddenly remembers the way his father brutally murdered Esther and tells his parents that he does not want to see any more deaths in the house. Ah Soon accidentally pushes Mr. Teo into a worship-table, spilling and igniting oil on Mr. Teo, burning him to death. When Rosa manages to break free with the help of Esther's spirit. Mrs. Teo picks up a knife and tries to finish what her husband had started. Rosa dashes out of the house and crosses the road just as Mrs. Teo is hit by a passing vehicle, killing her instantly. Rosa passes to the other side unharmed. In the final sequence, Rosa is seen heading to the airport on the last day of July when the gates of hell are closing. She takes with her a pot containing Esther's ashes as she enters the airport while the ghosts of the Teo family watches her disappear beyond the doors.
30528861	2	This comedy explores the wayward rivalry between Mechanic George Singleton  and an adversary in the Home Guard. As usual, Ronald Shiner's character  plays a decisive role.
6399993	3	After killing Pretty Boy Floyd , FBI agent Melvin Purvis  is promoted by J. Edgar Hoover  to lead the hunt for John Dillinger . Purvis shares Hoover's belief in using scientific methods to battle crime, ranging from cataloging fingerprints to tapping telephone lines. In between a series of bank robberies, Dillinger meets Billie Frechette  at a restaurant and woos her by buying her a fur coat. Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he reveals his identity, and the two become inseparable. Purvis leads a failed ambush at a hotel where he believes Dillinger is staying; an agent is killed by Baby Face Nelson , who escapes with Tommy Carroll . Purvis requests that Hoover bring in professional lawmen who know how to catch criminals dead or alive, including Texan Charles Winstead . Police arrest Dillinger and his gang in Tucson, Arizona, after a fire breaks out at the Hotel Congress. Dillinger is extradited to Indiana, where he is locked up in the Lake County Jail in Crown Point, by Sheriff Lillian Holley . Dillinger and other inmates use a fake gun to escape. Dillinger is unable to see Frechette, who is under tight surveillance. Dillinger learns that Frank Nitti's  associates are unwilling to help because his crimes are motivating the FBI to prosecute interstate crime, which imperils Nitti's bookmaking racket. Carroll goads Dillinger into a bank robbery in Sioux Falls with Baby Face Nelson. During their escape, both Dillinger and Carroll are shot, and they have to leave Carroll behind. The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters, Wisconsin, and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson said it would be. Dillinger hopes he can free the rest of his gang from prison, including Pierpont  and Makley , but "Red" Hamilton  convinces him this is unlikely. Purvis and his men apprehend Carroll and torture him to learn the gang's location. Purvis organizes an ambush at Little Bohemia. Dillinger and Hamilton escape separately from the rest of the gang. Agents Winstead and Hurt  pursue Dillinger and Hamilton through the woods, engaging in a gunfight in which Hamilton is fatally wounded. Trying to escape, Nelson, Shouse, and Van Meter hijack a Bureau car, killing Purvis's partner Carter Baum  in the process. After a car chase, Purvis and his men kill Nelson and the rest of the gang. Hamilton dies that night. Dillinger meets Frechette, telling her he plans to commit one more robbery that will pay enough for them to escape together. When Dillinger drops her off at a tavern he thinks is safe, she is arrested. Frechette is beaten during interrogation to learn Dillinger's whereabouts, which she does not reveal; Purvis and Winstead eventually arrive and intervene. Dillinger agrees to participate in a train robbery with Alvin Karpis  and the Barker Gang, intending to flee the country the next day. He receives a note from Billie through her lawyer, Louis Piquett , telling him not to try to break her out of jail. Through Zarkovich, Purvis enlists the help of madam and Dillinger acquaintance Anna Sage , threatening her with deportation if she does not cooperate. She agrees to set up Dillinger, who she believes will come to hide out with her. Dillinger and Sage see Manhattan Melodrama at the Biograph Theater. After the film, Purvis signals other agents upon seeing them leave. Dillinger spots the police but is shot before he can draw his gun. Winstead listens to Dillinger's last words. Purvis goes to inform Hoover of Dillinger's death. Winstead tells Frechette, still incarcerated, that he thinks Dillinger's dying words were, "Tell Billie for me, 'Bye bye Blackbird'." The closing text reveals that Melvin Purvis quit the FBI in 1935 and died by his own hand in 1960, and that Billie lived out of the rest of her life in Wisconsin following her release in 1936.
30888121	3	Vishnu and Arundhathi, working in Mumbai, meet each other at their common friend, Ramettan's house. They fall in love at first sight and get married. The film is their struggle to lead a family life and to find an accommodation in a city like Mumbai.
13578633	2	Johnny , Govinda  and Iqbal Ali ([[Govinda  are close friends who live in a small community in Bombay. The threesome get together to help each other and other needy people in the community and, hence, get in the bad books of a local gangster who calls himself DK. Tragedy strikes Govinda when his mom passes away. At the time of the funeral, Govinda is reunited with his dad, Advocate Verma, who has been missing for years. Then a police inspector gets Johny to meet his biological mother, Mary. The three friends rejoice over this good fortune. Then Johny finds out that Verma was behind the atrocities that were inflicted on his mom years ago, and he goes to confront Verma, only to come against an enraged Govinda, who cannot believe his father is capable of committing any atrocities against anyone. It is now up to Iqbal to find a solution to end the enmity between Govinda and Johny, before DK takes advantage of this situation.
15033858	1	Sleep Dealer' is set in a future, militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences, where three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology. Memo Cruz , works at a factory, one of several sleep dealers. Here, workers are connected to the network via suspended cables connected to implanted nodes in their arms and back, allowing them to control the robots that have replaced them as unskilled labor on the other side of the border. The sleep dealers are called so because one may collapse if one works long enough. The story is told as a flash back, as Memo remembers his home in Santa Ana Del Rio, Oaxaca. His father wants him to participate in growing crops on the meagre family homestead. Memo's passion however is electronics and hacking. The homestead also has dried up on account of a dam built nearby and owned by the private corporation Del Rio Water. Memo and his father must trek on foot to buy water by the bag, while monitored by security cameras armed with machine guns. The media on American hi-def TV shows glimpses of a technological dystopia, although in a positive light with superficial spin-doctoring. As a hobby, Memo is building an electronic receiver that can tap into communications. As he continues to work on it, its range increases to far away cities. One summer, a remote-controlled military aerial vehicle operated by the security forces of Del Rio Water catches him monitoring a frequency used by the drones, an act that warrants a brutal attack. He disconnects in time before the drone can locate him with certainty. On another occasion, he and his brother watch a live TV broadcast about a drone action that is about to destroy a building known to be intercepting drone communication. They quickly realize that the building is their own home where Memo has his equipment, and run to save their father whose life is in danger. However, they are too late, and the vehicle launches a rocket at the father, who had miraculously escaped a first attack on the building, instantly killing him. The pilot of the drone is shown to be Rudy Ramirez . Memo boards a bus to the city Tijuana to find work. The same bus is also boarded by Luz Martínez . Memo notices that Luz has nodes on the wrist for interfacing with the digital network, and asks her where he can get them for free. She tells him that he can find someone, known as a coyotek, to connect him by asking around in a certain alley. Luz has loans and may default. She makes a living by uploading memories to an online memory trading company 'True node' where viewers pay for content. She uploads her memory of meeting Memo. Memo is robbed of his money during his first attempt to seek a coyotek. He finds an abandoned shack to stay at the edge of the city, where other node workers live. Luz gets a sale for her memory of Memo, and a prepaid offer for her next memory of him. Luz finds him and comes to know he is out of money. She helps him get a node-job at a bar, which has the equipment. It so happens that she is the coyotek, having learned from her ex-boyfriend and she does him a favor. Luz tries to upload more experiences. Truenode makes her reveal feelings rather than just the story. The person who requested the information is revealed to be Ramirez working for Del Rio Water. Luz and Memo open up to each other and have a connected sex. Upon receiving the next upload, Ramirez has his doubts confirmed that his work made him kill a good man, though his family disparages his concerns. Memo discovers that Luz has been paid to upload her memories of him, and so he leaves her feeling betrayed. He works over-time at the sleep-dealer, risking exhaustion. Luz writes to him and mails him a recording of her memories as a parting gift. In the meantime, Ramirez has crossed the fortified US-Mexican border to meet Memo. As Ramirez explains himself, Memo tries to run perceiving danger. Ramirez catches up and explains he was under orders and offers to help. Memo rejoins Luz and recruits her help to connect Ramirez into the network. He accesses the Del Rio Water security network to control one of the company's drones. Upon discovery that Ramirez is not heeding orders, Ramirez is pursued by other drones. After heated aerial dogfighting, Ramirez manages to blast a hole in the dam, directly where Memo's father had once tossed a pebble in helpless frustration. Memo receives news from his home and neighboring subsistence farms, celebrations of the return of ancestral waters, albeit not necessarily permanent. Ramirez goes further south in Mexico as he is no longer able to return to his family in the US. Memo moves on with his life in Tijuana.
70428	2	In the 1920s, Sean Thornton , an Irish-born American from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, travels to Ireland to reclaim his family's farm in Innisfree. He meets and falls in love with the fiery Mary Kate Danaher , the spinster sister of the bullying, loud-mouthed landowner Squire "Red" Will Danaher . Danaher, angry that Sean outbid him for the Thornton land adjacent to his property, initially refuses to sanction the marriage until several town locals, including the parish priest, conspire to trick him into believing that the wealthy Widow Tillane  wants to marry him, but only if Mary Kate is no longer living in the house. After learning the truth on Sean and Mary Kate's wedding day, an enraged Will refuses to give his sister her full dowry. Sean, unschooled in Irish customs, cares nothing about the dowry, but Mary Kate is obsessed with obtaining it, the dowry representing her independence, identity, and pride. Angered and shamed by Sean's refusal to confront her brother and demand what is legally hers, she brands him a coward, and, despite living together, they are estranged as husband and wife. Sean had been a boxer in the United States, a heavyweight challenger known as "Trooper Thorn." After accidentally killing an opponent in the ring, Sean hung up his gloves, vowing never to fight again. This is known to only one other person in the village, the Church of Ireland minister Rev. Playfair . Later, in an attempt to force Sean to confront Will Danaher, Mary Kate leaves him and boards a train departing Castletown and headed to Dublin. Infuriated, Sean arrives and drags her off the train, and, followed by the townspeople, forces her to walk the five miles to Inisfree from Castletown to Will Danaher's farm. Sean demands that Will hand over her dowry and threatens to return Mary Kate to his household if Will refuses. Will finally relents and gives him the cash. Mary Kate and Sean throw it into a furnace, showing that Mary Kate never cared about the money, but only that Sean stand up for his wife. Sean and Will slug it out through the village, stop for a drink, brawl again, then become best friends. Sean regains Mary Kate's love and respect. Will Danaher and the Widow Tillane begin courting, and peace is returned to Innisfree.
9924713	3	In 1959, a new teacher named Derek Sanders becomes the new choirmaster for Blanton Academy, a prestigious but all-white private school in South Carolina. Mr. Sanders tries to reduce some of the prejudice and hostility of some of the students in his choir. Paul, a bully who feels he should be lead boy, is the worst offender. Taylor Bradshaw on the other hand is impressed by the music of Landy Allen, a black boy, grandson of Zeke, the school caretaker. Taylor begins to explore the music and lives of the colored people who live in Rivertown despite knowing that it could get him expelled or rejected. Sanders is also impressed by Landy's abilities and attempts to get him involved with the choir. A tragedy in the community brings the race issue to a head.
29089638	3	Only sketchy details of the film's plot appear to survive. Bill  and Lily  are newly married. Bert works as a tea salesman and is of a naturally cheery disposition. Over time however, worries about the security of his job and income prey on his mind and he frets over not being able to provide for Lily. With his worries heightened by the fear that he is about to go blind, he falls into a deep depression and becomes a shadow of the happy soul he used to be. Lily becomes desperately anxious about him, and one night has a terrible nightmare in which she dreams that he loses first his sight and then his life . However things eventually take a turn for the better and the couple welcome their new baby to the family.
1852386	2	The movie continues a few months after the end of the TV series. The main character Detective Sergeant Shunsaku Aoshima has worked his way back up into the investigative division of the Wangan Precinct of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, after being demoted back to patrol duty for insubordination. Shortly after the movie begins, a body is found floating in a river near the edge of the precinct's jurisdiction. However in the spirit of the series, the main concern of the officers on the scene is getting to the body before their counterparts from the other precinct on the other side of the river get to it. The scene eventually degenerates into a cross-river shouting match over bullhorns between the officers from the two precincts. The brass at Wangan Station turn out to be less than happy when their officers manage to recover the body  as it would require a special investigation, which would drain more from the station's already tight budget. At the same time, the station is in an uproar as officers find that someone has been stealing the receipts for on the job expenses that they had originally intended to file for reimbursement. Things are further complicated when the Assistant Commissioner is kidnapped and the investigative team from Metropolitan Police headquarters moves into Wangan Station. The investigation is led by Superintendent Shinji Muroi, whom Aoshima befriended in the TV series. Having promised Aoshima that he would try to reform the bureaucratic mess within the police department and force the local and headquarters officers to work together as equals, Muroi finds that his promise increasingly hard to keep as his decisions are continuously overruled from above by superiors who insist on playing everything by the book. It becomes apparent that Muroi's superiors are setting him up to take the fall in the event the investigation fails. The stratification in the department becomes apparent when the investigators from headquarters immediately delegate the most menial of tasks to the local officers, while receiving special treatment enjoying gourmet bentos while the locals are forced to dine on instant ramen. The locals are forced to work multiple cases at the same time, and find themselves berated by their superiors when mistakes are inevitably made. The film goes on to take on issues such as disaffected youth unable to differentiate between reality and video games, overprotective parents, strange internet subcultures; and on more lighthearted notes, the lack of sidearms, otaku obsessed with cosplay, media frenzies, and even overtly melodramatic movie scenes, as Aoshima and his fellow officers continue to press on through the absurdity.
5119319	2	In a run-down Edo tenement, an elderly man  and his bitter wife  rent out rooms and beds to the poor. The tenants are gamblers, prostitutes, petty thieves and drunk layabouts, all struggling to survive. The landlady’s younger sister  who helps the landlords with the maintenance of the place, brings in an old man  and rents him a bed. Kahei quickly assumes the role of the mediator and grandfatherly figure, though there is an air of mystery about him and some of the tenants suspect his past is not unblemished. Sutekichi, the thief and self-appointed tenement leader, is having an affair with Osugi the landlady, though he is gradually shifting his attention to her younger and sweet-tempered sister, Okayo. Okayo thinks little of him, however, which frustrates Sutekichi and sours his relationship with Osugi. Jealous and vengeful, Osugi conspires to seduce Sutekichi to murder her husband so she can turn him over to the authorities. Sutekichi sees through her seduction and refuses to take any part in the murder. The husband discovers the affair, gets into a fight with Sutekichi, and is saved only through Kahei’s intervention. Slowly, Okayo begins to see the good in Sutekuchi and warms up to his advances. Rokubei and Osugi beat Okayo, prompting the tenants to break into the landlords’ house to save her. Sutekichi is enraged to learn about the way Okayo was treated, and in the ensuing chaos, Rokubei is accidentally killed after being assaulted by Sutekichi. Osugi blames Sutekichi for the killing of her husband. Rather than defend himself, the enraged Sutekichi claims that she had goaded him into doing it. Okayo now believes that the two of them have used her to provide an excuse for killing Osugi’s husband. She will have nothing to do with Sutekichi. Kahei, whose testimony could potentially have cleared Sutekichi, runs away for fear he would have to appear in court to testify . Sutekichi and Osugi are arrested. Other subplots, some of a comic nature, involve the occupants of the tenement: an aging actor who has lost his ability to memorize lines; a craftsman who is indifferent to the impending death of his ailing wife, yet when she finally dies he becomes a broken man; a destitute who claims to be descended from a samurai family, only to have this claim refuted; and a group of partying drunks who seem to rejoice in the face of misfortune.
1924191	2	Charles Reece  is a serial killer who commits a number of brutal mutilation-slayings in order to drink blood as a result of paranoid delusions. Reece is soon captured. Most of the movie revolves around the trial and the prosecutor's attempts to have Reece found sane and given the death penalty. Defense lawyers, meanwhile, argue that the defendant is not guilty by reason of insanity. The prosecutor, Anthony Fraser , was previously against capital punishment, but he seeks such a penalty in the face of Reece's brutal crimes after meeting one victim's grieving family. In the end, Reece is found sane and given the death penalty, but Fraser's internal debate about capital punishment is rendered academic when Reece is found to be insane by a scanning of his brain for mental illness. In the ending of the original version of the film, Reece is found dead in his cell, having overdosed himself on antipsychotics he had been stockpiling. In the ending of the revised version, Reece is sent to a state mental hospital, and in a chilling coda, he sends a letter to a person whose wife and child he has killed, asking the man to come and visit him. A final title card reveals that Reece is scheduled for a parole hearing in six months.
1188139	2	The movie begins with two men in a bar, one of them talking about a thesis statement for an upcoming paper. One of them makes an argument that America is unique in that it has no real mythological character for granting wishes, such as a genie or leprechaun. The two men are soon joined in conversation by an old man at the bar claiming that America does, named O.W. Grant; the son of a leprechaun and a Cheyenne Indian. The man claims that O.W. is a mischievous fellow who enjoys playing tricks on others, but every so often, he takes a shine to one or two of them. When the two men ask what O.W. Grant looks like, the old man explains that he wears a red bow tie, and smokes a pipe in the shape of a monkey-head. The old man leaves, telling the two men that O.W. Grant is usually found along Interstate 60. After he leaves, the two men check a nearby roadmap, and find no such Interstate, convinced that the old man was pulling their leg. The scene then cuts to O.W.  Grant , riding down a city street on a bicycle, smoking a pipe in the shape of a monkey-head. A man busy talking on a cell phone  doesn't see him and opens his car's door, slamming into Grant, causing him to fall from his bike and break his monkey-head pipe. Grant's bicycle is totaled when a truck runs over it, and the man's cell phone and suit are ruined. The man apologizes, but starts screaming and yelling about how awful his day has been now that his cell phone is destroyed. Grant, seemingly amused, asks him if he wished the day would start over. The man screams a confirmation. Green smoke billows from Grant's pipe and the scene begins again . This time, Grant safely avoids the car door. As he watches, the man on the cell phone gets out of his car, and still enamored with the phone conversation, walks right into the path of the oncoming truck. Grant shrugs his shoulders, and mutters: "Some people just don't know what to wish for." The story then switches over to Neal Oliver who works at a warehouse in St. Louis, Missouri, at night on the stocking crew that gets food ready to be delivered to local grocery stores. Although he has a rich family, and his dad works as a lawyer, he works the warehouse job to not have to rely on his family to support him. While he aspires to become an artist, he doesn't have enough faith in his work, and his girlfriend is a psychology major who keeps analyzing him without offering any real support. He also has recurring dreams about a blonde-haired girl , whom he keeps drawing and painting. On his 22nd birthday, his family is gathered in a restaurant to celebrate. Among the gifts and smiles, O.W. Grant, dressed as a waiter, serves them their cake. Neal blows out the candles and tells everyone that he wished for an answer to his life, to which his father presumptuously hands him an acceptance letter to a prestigious law school. Watching from a corner, Grant is intrigued by Neal's wish. As the family goes outside to look at the car  that Neal's dad bought him , a bucket falls onto Neal's head, knocking him out. Later, he wakes up in the hospital, where a doctor named Ray  comes in and does a quick sight test with Neal using playing cards. He holds them up quickly and Neal has to guess the suit on the cards. At the end of the test, Neal confidently asks if he got it right, at which Ray replies that he didn't, since several of the cards actually have a few red spades and black hearts in the deck. Ray then gives Neal a small lecture about how things aren't always what they seem. He leaves, and another doctor comes in confirming that they don't have a doctor named Ray on their staff. Shortly after getting out of the hospital, more strange happenings occur around Neal. At a Chinese restaurant, his fortune cookie 'fortune' reads: 'Oct 15th. Are you sure?' The date is the same day of the law school interview that his Dad had set up. However, when one of Neal's friends looks at the fortune, the letters have disappeared. While working at his warehouse job, he notices a billboard with the same girl on it that he has been painting in his art pieces. Neal is curious to find out who she is, and calls the billboard company that placed the advertisement, only to have them say that the display is blank. Bewildered, Neal drives back to the location to find that the billboard has now changed to a new image with the girl and a telephone number. Neal gives it a call, and a recorded message tells him that he has an appointment for the next day at a specific time. The next day, Neal goes to his appointment on the 13th floor of the specific building, only to find that the building doesn't have one. Taking a cue from an ad in the elevator , he presses the '10' and '3' buttons on the elevator, and ends up on floor 13. Once there, he again meets Ray who gives him a package to deliver, but doesn't tell him what's inside; the only address is to a Robin Fields in a town called Danver in Colorado . Ray then explains the rules of the delivery: if Neal leaves the 13th floor with the package, he has no choice but to deliver it. As well, he is not allowed to open the parcel or find out what is inside it. Neal is then given a contract, which he signs with a pen, and seals with a drop of blood per Ray's request. Once he has done so, Ray cautions him that there's a killer on the loose, and to be careful. However, when Neal presses for more information, Ray won't continue further. As Neal leaves with his assignment, Ray tells him that he'll find Danver by taking Interstate 60. Neal checks a number of roadmaps, but there does not appear to be an Interstate 60. Taking a guess, he sets out West, only to encounter O.W. Grant along the roadside. Grant happily greets Neal, and hands him a bag containing a 'birthday present.' The present turns out to be a Magic 8-Ball, which can answer any yes-or-no question that Neal asks it. Shortly after their meeting, Grant gives Neal some directions, and they are soon on the unlisted Interstate 60. Traveling along the mysterious highway, Neal and Grant discuss such things as the humor found in causing people to recognize the gullible side of themselves, Grant's unfortunate accident that rendered him permanently sterile, and the certainty of knowing what to wish for. Grant departs soon after, leaving Neal to run into such characters as: * A promiscuous woman  looking for the perfect man to get laid. * The same man who told the two men in the beginning about O.W. Grant. Neal and O.W. encounter him as he walks into a diner and makes a bet that he can eat a gigantic amount of food in an hour without throwing up or relieving himself. * A dying  ex-advertiser named Bob Cody ([[Chris Cooper  whose lung cancer has given him an affinity for the truth...and dynamite. * A lonely mother looking for her slacker son, who turns out to be living in a city where the population is addicted to a government-controlled drug, Euphoria; Kurt Russell is the local police chief with a penchant for dry humor. * A Museum of Art Fraud run by Mrs. James  that actually contains real masterpieces posing as fakes that are undetected by the visiting poseurs. * The town of Morlaw, where every citizen is a lawyer who spend their days suing each other, and imprisoning unwary travelers on trumped-up charges. It's here that Neal is finally united with the woman, Lynn , whom he has been painting and drawing. When he gets her released from prison, she turns out to be far from the perfection he expected, swearing in an uncouth and rude manner – but it turns out to be a ruse to make sure that Neal doesn't just want to get into her pants. Once they are free, Lynn explains that she had previously met O.W. Grant, and had wished to find the right guy...though she hadn't counted on her wish leaving her in jail for one year. After exchanging conversation, they realize that they have so much in common and spend the night together at the "Fork in the Road" motel. Neal also makes a painting of the motel in the waking hours of the morning. Neal then leaves to ensure that he delivers the package in Danver, due to the contract he signed. However, Lynn stays behind, as a letter from O.W. Grant cautions her not to go. However, when driving on the way to Danver, Neal's car is revealed to match that of a reported murderer on the loose. He abandons the vehicle, and the police get into a confrontation with the real killer in an identical car, which ends in a fiery car wreck. Neal asks one of the policemen who he was, and replies that he was a St. Louis law school student who went insane and murdered his own father. After hitchhiking a ride to Danver, Neal finally makes it to the Rainbow Club. Entering a seemingly-abandoned bar, he is reunited with the mysterious Ray, and is stunned when "Robin Fields" turns out to be none other than the whimsical O.W. Grant himself, whose insistence at holding people to their tasks prevented him from reclaiming his package earlier in the film. Upon taking delivery of the package , Grant uses his magic powers to "warp" Neal back in time, where he wakes up in the hospital before he first encountered Ray. Leaving the hospital, Neal finally confronts his father and asserts his right to live his life without his father's interference, and then proceeds with his sister to an art gallery at her insistence, confused as to why he'd need to be there with none of his work submitted. Once there, he realizes that his painting of the "Fork in the Road" was submitted to the art gallery. A few moments later, Grant appears, reminding Neal of the value of honesty and humor. A girl who resembles Lynn  talks to him, interested in commissioning him to do a series of paintings on roadside motels and diners. As they chat, Grant is seen talking softly to Neal's sister. "You have a birthday coming up, right?" he says, smiling mischievously. "Don't forget to make a wish..."
5137665	3	It follows a few days in the lives of the Harringtons, who are at war. While the husband and wife fight each other, the son and daughter are on the same path. Then, when a music teacher comes in, things begin to change, until other things start to threaten the peace.
10754585	2	The central character Tom  is a young man living alone in a cottage with his widowed mother  in the 1970s. The setting is within the few days surrounding the funeral of Tom's grandfather, who was born and grew up in the village in the early 1900s, experienced much poverty and hard work, fought in the First World War , returned, made a failed attempt to escape the village by walking to Newmarket for a job, took a wife in the village and lived in a tied cottage on the farmer's estate for the rest of his life. His son, Tom's father, was killed in the Second World War, and Tom has grown up hearing all sorts of stories from his grandfather. Everyone around him says what a good old boy his grandfather was, and remembers the old days, but all Tom can hear is the words of his grandfather ringing in his ears, and now in 1974 he is making his own plans to get away, with or without his girlfriend. The cycle goes round and round, and all the time the customs and the landscape are so colourful and beautiful, with prominent and striking use of music by Michael Tippett , but with the skull-like menace of poverty, entrapment and war grinning through the veil of rural beauty. Will Tom be defeated by the land and the hard work, just as his grandfather was? Shand plays all three generations, grandfather, father and son.
17179537	1	The plot focuses on a field trip by Professor Prell to investigate Yeti sightings, along with four graduate students: Keith, Lynn, Karen, and Tom. The night before the trip, the professor invites the students to dinner at a restaurant. Karen, Keith's girlfriend, is annoyed because the two were meant to have gone on a date together that evening. Dinner is an exotic dish called "gin sung." An ex-student turned alcoholic groundskeeper, named Spencer, is also there with his wife April. He gets drunk and tells the students the story of Prell's last Yeti-seeking field trip, which only he and the professor survived. After the party, Spencer continues to drink, and upon returning home fights with his wife and cuts her throat with an electric carving knife. Afterwards, he climbs into the bathtub fully clothed. He is killed by his not quite dead wife, who drags a toaster into the bathroom and dumps it into the bath, electrocuting him. In the morning, the professor travels by van with his students to Boot Island, where his friend Dr. Karl Werner lives. Werner has recently seen the Yeti on his island, and conjectures that he was marooned there by melting winter ice. He introduces the others to a mute Native American manservant named Laughing Crow. The group have dinner, which is again "gin sung," then go to sleep after one of the students, Tom, sings a song about the Yeti. The next day, the professor and his students begin their search in the woods of the island. Tom sneaks off to go hunting and is killed by the Yeti, a shaggy creature whose loud heartbeat is clearly audible and whose call resembles the repeated words "iggly oogly argh.<ref name | last | titleJune 6, 1999 | publisherhttp://www.stomptokyo.com/badmoviereport/reviews/S/shriek_mutilated.html | work  | accessdate  }}" The rest of the group look for Tom the next morning but find only his rifle and his severed leg. Meanwhile, Lynn goes into Dr. Werner's greenhouse and sees something that frightens her; she runs into the woods and is also killed by the Yeti. At the house, the remaining students find that the phone is out of order. The professor decides to use Tom's leg as bait to lure the Yeti into a trap. The plan fails, however, and Prell is knocked down by the monster, who escapes with the leg. Prell then decides to try again, using Lynn's body as bait. Karen tries to hide the body in the greenhouse, where she discovers the rest of Tom's body. The professor ties Lynn's body to a tree. The Yeti appears and Keith chases it into the woods. He tracks it by the sound of its heartbeat, but makes the discovery that the sound is actually coming from a speaker attached to a tree. Someone knocks him out with a branch. Back at the house, Laughing Crow is shown listening to a tape of the Yeti's heartbeat. It turns out that Professor Prell and Dr. Werner are cannibals, using the Yeti scam as a way to lure victims, and that the Yeti is actually Dr. Werner in disguise. Keith tries to escape in the van, and Karen flees through the house and ends up trapped in a bathroom. She opens a cabinet to find Laughing Crow holding a knife, and dies of fear. Prell and Werner reveal they need a body without wounds for a satanic ritual. Keith returns with a local policeman, only to find out that he too is a cannibal. The three men explain that the "gin sung" Keith has eaten is actually human flesh, and they invite him to join their cannibalistic society. They bring in Karen's body, and Laughing Crow, brandishing an electric carving knife, speaks for the first time, saying "Mr. Henshaw — white meat or dark?" The film ends.
18066576	3	In 1910, the last year of the life of Leo Tolstoy , his disciples, led by Vladimir Chertkov , maneuver against his wife, Sophia , for control over Tolstoy's works after his death. The main setting is the Tolstoy country estate of Yasnaya Polyana. Tolstoy and Sofia have a long, loving marriage, but his idealistic and spiritual side  is at odds with her more aristocratic and conventionally religious views. Contention focuses on a new will that the "Tolstoians" are attempting to persuade him to sign. It would place all of his copyrights into the public domain, supposedly leaving his family without adequate support. The maneuvering is seen through the eyes of Tolstoy's new secretary, Valentin Bulgakov , who finds himself mediating between the two sides. He also has a love affair with one of the Tolstoians, Masha . Ultimately, Tolstoy signs the new will and travels to an undisclosed location where he can continue his work undisturbed. After his departure, Sophia unsuccessfully attempts suicide. During the journey, Tolstoy falls ill. The film ends with his death near the Astapovo train station where Sophia is allowed by their daughter to see him just moments before his death. The closing credits state that five years after his death the Russian senate reverted the copyrights in Tolstoy's work to Sophia.
6558325	2	Phillip Sauvage  is an American soldier suffering from Posttraumatic stress disorder caused by his time in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sauvage snaps out of his stupor just long enough to join Clarence Bowden , his former commanding officer, to work as a bodyguard for former World Heavyweight boxing champion and now successful businessman Wayne Barclay . It appears that the release of notorious rap mogul Terrell Singletery  from prison has caused Barclay's worried sister Tamara  to take pro-active action by hiring Bowden and Sauvage, as Singletery has made threats in the past about doing away with the one man responsible for his incarceration -- Barclay himself. The first night of bodyguard work does not go well for Sauvage and Bowden, as Bowden gets killed during an assassination attempt on Barclay by a Hummer full of Uzi-carrying gangbangers sent by Singletery. It is up to Sauvage to continue the fight, which means bringing in a reinforcement in his friend Casey Bledsoe , and training some new recruits not of his choosing. Intending to give back to the streets that taught him toughness, Barclay insists that Sauvage compose his team of bodyguards by hiring people from Barclay's gym. But will they be enough to take down Singletery? Barclay however gets suspicious of Sauvage, who is on first name basis with Tamara, after he sights her kissing him on the cheek one night.
15170076	2	One of six students in a combined primary and junior high school, Soyo Migita ([[Kaho  is the most senior pupil. For her, school happens to be a joyful experience with an extended family of loving little brothers and sisters but her days as the tallest and oldest student are soon to be over. Hiromi Osawa , a cool city boy from Tokyo, arrives in the village. Attracted to him, Soyo tries to ignore the foreign feelings that begin to occupy her heart and mind. However, she soon surrenders to her passion and learns to act upon her new found emotions.
20533141	2	Woody is a street sweeper and gets into trouble with Officer Wally Walrus. He tries to get even for Wally throwing a banana peel on the sidewalk. He steals the cop's uniform and gets into the Jingling Bros. Circus because he is wearing it. Wally tries to get in, but he gets thrown out. He sneaks in under a tent, and Woody gives him a merry chase. Wally disguises himself as an elephant to catch the bird.
2590780	2	Doug Ireland is a concierge at the Bradbury, a luxurious hotel in New York City that is beginning to decline. Doug is very well-connected and is very good at his job, giving personal attention to guests like Mr. Wegman while occasionally pocketing a big tip. Doug's dream is to open his own hotel on Roosevelt Island. He has saved every cent and obtained an option on an old hotel. But he only has a few weeks to begin development and needs at least $3 million immediately. Doug's best chance is Christian Hanover, a somewhat unscrupulous billionaire. Hanover considers the proposal and asks Doug to "take care" of his mistress, Andy Hart, a perfume saleswoman. Doug pretends to date Andy so that she can get close to Hanover without his wife suspecting. Doug learns that Hanover is deceiving Andy about getting a divorce. But because his hotel proposal is urgent and Andy is old enough to make her own decisions, he doesn't intervene. However, as he and Andy spend time together, he develops feelings for her. Andy learns that a document Hanover has asked Doug to sign was intended to permit Hanover to take over the hotel project and force Doug out. He smugly tells Andy that the project had too much potential to share it with a mere concierge. Andy abandons him for Doug, who is chasing after her. In the end, after Doug and Andy marry, he gets a call from Mr. Wegman, who has been sent Doug's business plan by other members of the hotel staff  and has decided to put up the $3 million that Doug needs.
28363568	3	In a series of interviews, demonstrators and members of the Swedish Government, gives their views on sport, politics and civil disobedience. The politically aware students sees the protest as an expression of a will to changed society. The Minister of Education Olof Palme, expresses the opinion that some talented tennis players seams to be as bad at politics, as he is at tennis. The Minister for Justice, Herman Kling, refuses to comment on the actions of the Swedish Tennis Association, while the Minister of the Interior Rune Johansson, says that the Association is aware of the governments position, although no official actions have been taken to prevent the match. Between the interviews, footage of the oppression of black people in Africa is interpolated. A white Rhodesian man says that the blacks should be happy that whites rules the country and keeps things in order, he then calls on his black chef who agrees with him. Black university students in Sweden, expresses their disappointment over the Swedish governments lack of action. The captain of the Rhodesian team, Adrian Bay is interviewed, he avoids commenting on politics.
8938925	3	The film focuses on the coffee growers of the Oromia Region of southern and western Ethiopia, the birthplace of coffee. It follows Tadesse Meskela, the General Manager of the Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union, as he visits coffee-growing regions in Sidamo and Oromia (including the Kilenso Mokonisa Cooperative in the [[Bore , as well as a coffee processing center, a coffee auction house, and his union's headquarters in Addis Ababa. He also travels to England and the United States in an effort to promote Ethiopian coffee by eliminating the numerous middlemen. There is also a scene where coffee farmers pray to God for a higher price, which was filmed at the Negele Gorbitu Cooperative, located near Irgachefe in the Abaya woreda of the Borena Zone. The Ethiopian footage was filmed on two occasions , for six weeks each time.{{cite web}}
22278706	2	Tom Andrews  is a surveyor involved in the building of the Canadian Pacific Railway, which is stalled by the Rocky Mountains. While mapping a route through the mountains, Andrews is shot at by Dirk Rourke , a fur trader, and his accomplice Cagle . When Andrews returns to the construction camp, he sees Cagle working there and attacks him. Dr Edith Cabot  intervenes - she is a pacifist and disapproves of violence. Andrews heads for Calgary to his girlfriend, Cecille Gautier . Andrews and Cecille's father  attend a meeting at which Rourke campaigns against the railway, claiming it will mean the end of trade in the area. Andrews tries to convince the crowd that the railway will benefit them, and that Rourke objects only because it will end his business monopoly. He and Rourke get into a fist fight, which is broken up by Père Lacombe . To keep the peace , Andrews decides to return to work on the railway; Cecille, not understanding and upset at his intention to spend another year away, breaks their engagement. At the camp, Dynamite Dawson  tells Andrews of his suspicion that Indians have been stealing dynamite; Andrews later finds several cases of dynamite buried at an Indian village. The chief says that young braves had been paid by a white man to steal them. Back at the camp, Cagle and Rourke shoot at one of the cases as Andrews unloads them. Andrews is seriously injured in the resulting explosion. On board a train back to the base hospital, Dr Cabot transfuses her own blood to save Andrews's life. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Cecille overhears Rourke, her father and others plotting to stop the railway by inciting the Indians to cause trouble. When she objects, her father threatens to disown her. Suspecting Rourke of having caused the explosion that injured Andrews, she decides to join him at the hospital, but is dissuaded by Dynamite, who persuades her to return home to gather evidence and to pass it on to him. Saboteurs cause a series of explosions, closing down railway construction for the winter. By the spring, Andrews has recovered, and has wooed Edith. Hearing of trouble at the camp, Andrews prepares to return, but Edith persuades him not to wear a gun. Rourke has stirred up the Indians and has established a saloon and gambling hall at the camp. When a man is shot at the saloon, Edith goes to help but is too late. Andrews straps on his guns again and closes the saloon. Cecille arrives, announcing that Rourke and the Indians are about to attack; Dynamite rides off to get reinforcements while the others take refuge in the hospital car. Cecille's injured father is brought in and tells them that they are considerably outnumbered. Andrews goes after Rourke and Cagle and, as the Indians prepare for a final attack, shoots Cagle. Rourke is killed by a falling branch from a tree that had been set on fire as a signal to the Indians. The Indians attack but reinforcements arrive by train at the last moment, and the they are driven off. Later, the Indian chief walks into the camp and sues for peace. Dismayed by the violence she has experienced in the west, Edith takes the train back east. Cecille looks on as Andrews joins the train and it moves off, but after apparently saying goodbye to Edith he jumps off and comes back to her.
35958353	1	At the Cybertron base, Apache, informs the Cybertrons that an object is approaching Gaea. The Destrons also notice the spaceship. Galvatron and his brother Gigastorm discuss it, and Galvatron decides the ship is a positive sign. At the Maximal base, Apache notes the ship has landed at the North Pole. Lio Convoy sends him to investigate. Lio Junior asks to help, but the older Cybertrons tell him he is too young. Lio Convoy tells him to wait until the Cybertrons know what the spaceship is. Lio Junior feels Lio Convoy is "treating him like a kid". Tasmanian Kid proposes he go with Lio Junior to investigate. The other Cybertrons are displeased, but Tasmanian Kid says he will take responsibility for Lio Junior. Lio Convoy allows them to go. Lio Junior, Santon, Skywarp and Tasmanian Kid locate the ship, which is empty. The group searches inside the ship and, ignoring Skywarp's warnings, Lio Junior accidentally activates the ship. Skywarp quickly deactivates it and berates Lio Junior for his irresponsibility. Lio Junior later plays with more controls, activating the 'teleport gate'. The Cybertrons wonder what a teleport gate is, and Tasmanian Kid explains it can summon any Transformer from history. Lio Junior finds the control unit, but not before the Destrons find them. Max B snatches the control unit. LioJunior pursues Max B against the warnings of Tasmanian Kid. Lio Junior engages the Destron army, who tease him. The other Cybertrons emerge from the ship and battle the Destrons. Lio Junior tells Santon and Skywarp to fuse with him, but they refuse. Lio Junior does not understand, and jumps back into battle. Lio Junior regains the control unit, but is outnumbered and takes a heavy beating. Hellscream fires a missile at him, but Tasmanian Kid jumps in the way, saving Lio Junior but injuring himself. Tasmanian Kid goes into stasis lock and the Destrons gain the upper hand. Lio Junior pleads with them to stop, but the Destrons ignore him. Before the Destrons can destroy Lio Junior, Cybertron reinforcements arrive and repel the Destrons. Diver and Scuba try comforting Tasmanian Kid, who is badly injured. Apache delivers Lio Junior to Lio Convoy, who says he is disappointed; Lio Junior was supposed to investigate the spaceship, not fight Destrons. Lio Junior says the Destrons would have taken control of the teleport gate had he not intervened. Lio Convoy asks if the teleport gate was worth risking his friends for, and Lio Junior says he has no friends. Lio Convoy asks what Lio Junior's reason for fighting is. Lio Convoy explains that Cybertrons fight for peace in the galaxy. This makes Lio Junior believe he is not a Cybertron, and he runs away, wanting to defeat the Destrons. The Cybertronbase/ship flies leaves with the crew, sans LioJunior, in it, worrying over Tasmanian Kid. The Destrons report to Galvatron that they need a control unit to use the teleport gate. HellScream tells Galvatron he has scouts searching for Lio Junior, who has the control unit. Lio Junior is confronted by Galvatron and the other Destrons. Galvatron tells Lio Junior the Destrons will protect him, but he has to give them the control unit. Galvatron claims that the gate will destroy the planet in an hour if he does not give Galvatron the control device. An injured Tasmanian Kid appears, telling Lio Junior not to believe Galvatron. Lio Junior decides that if he prevents the planet's destruction, Lio Convoy, Skywarp and Santon will respect him. He agrees to help the Destrons, and Galvatron fires on Tasmanian Kid. At the Destron base, Lio Junior hands the control unit to Galvatron, who instructs the Destrons to release the teleport gate. Galvatron orders Gigastorm to search for Megatron, the "greatest and most vicious Transformer in history." Lio Junior is placed in a holding cell. Tasmanian Kid tells the Cybertrons that LioJunior defected to the Destrons. Tasmanian Kid says it is not his fault, as he just wants to become a respected warrior. The Destrons make their way to the ship and Gigastorm says he found Megatron's wavelength. They attempt to summon Megatron, but a mysterious giant Destron appears. Galvatron orders Hellscream to discover the identity of the giant Transformer. Hellscream tells Galvatron that the Transformer is called Majin Zarak. Galvatron is pleased; his new warrior is much stronger than Megatron. Galvatron taunts Lio Junior, telling him he will show him the power of Majin Zarak. Majin Zarak, piloted by Galvatron, shoots an energy blast into the sea, causing it to splash up to Majin Zarak's head. Majin Zarak transforms into an aircraft carrier and leaves. The Cybertrons watch Majin Zarak cruise through the ocean, and look at diagrams of his vehicle and robot mode. Lio Convoy is alarmed, and orders the Cybertrons to move out. Majin Zarak is cruising through the water with the Destrons on him. As they approach land the Cybertron ship flies above them, and Galvatron fires multiple guns at the Cybertrons, who hover above him, unable to get closer. They land and prepare to attack Majin Zarak. Lio Junior escapes from his holding cell. Dirgegun and Thrustol chase after him. Before they catch up, Santon and Skywarp arrive to protect him. The trio form Magnaboss, but Dirgegun and Thrustol fire on Magnaboss before retreating. Magnaboss returns to the spaceship and tries to activate the teleport gate, but there is an error. Magnaboss connects wiring from his injury to the computer, and uses it to supercharge the teleport unit. He activates it but falls into stasis lock. A beast warrior surrounded by a golden aura emerges. The Destrons launch Hellscream from Majin Zarak; he fires upon the Cybertrons as Lio Convoy decides to face Majin Zarak, instructing the Cybertrons to back him up. The Autorollers attack Lio Convoy, but Apache defeats them. Max B charges at the Cybertrons, but is knocked into the air by Bighorn. Diver and Bighorn stun Hellscream. Scuba takes down Dirgegun. Dirgegun, Hellscream, Max B and Thrustol retreat. Lio Convoy charges at Majin Zarak. He boards Majin Zarak, blowing Gigastorm away. Galvatron transforms Majin Zarak, stunning Lio Convoy. Galvatron begins charging the cannons on Majin Zarak's back, and Lio Convoy tells the Cybertrons to run as far as possible. He hits all the Cybertrons, injuring them. Majin Zarak receives a Cybertron transmission, telling him to come to B-2, signed Convoy. He believes this was sent by Lio Convoy, and that he was not damaged by the blast. Majin Zarak leaves the battlefield. A voice speaks to Lio Convoy, who is under a pile of rocks, saying he has been summoned by Magnaboss to help the Cybertrons. Still glowing, it is revealed that the voice belongs to Optimus Primal. Lio Convoy breaks free of the rocks, finding Magnaboss waiting for him. He has rescued the Cybertrons. Tasmanian Kid arrives, saying he cannot sleep while the other Cybertrons fight. Primal joins the Cybertrons. Lio Convoy sends Scuba and Diver to use the base computer to search for Majin Zarak's weak point. Lio Convoy, Apache, Bighorn, Magnaboss and Kid prepare to fight Majin Zarak. The Insectrons confirm that Majin Zarak is heading to point B-2. Magnaboss notes that once Majin Zarak enters, he will not be able to leave because of the cliff-laden terrain. The Cybertrons head into battle. Majin Zarak and Galvatron arrive at point B-2. Galvatron calls for Lio Convoy to come out. Lio Convoy calls out from above, and to Galvatron's awe, Convoy stands next to him. Galvatron is angry, asking why Convoy came. Convoy tells him that he came to defeat him. Galvatron realises that the 'Convoy' who sent the transmission was the same one. Majin Zarak charges, and Magnaboss and Kid combine their power. Magnaboss pushes against Majin Zarak, bringing him to a halt. He then picks him up and hurls him backward. Majin Zarak comes crashing down, and Galvatron falls out. He lands on a small ship with Gigastorm and flies off. Scuba tells the Cybertrons that even though Galvatron is not piloting it, Majin Zarak was alive the whole time, and is now acting on its own. Majin Zarak fires at Magnaboss and Kid, knocking them over. Convoy, Lio Convoy, Apache and Bighorn fire on Majin Zarak to no avail. As the combat continues, Diver radios Convoy and Lio Convoy, telling them Majin Zarak's weak point is the third eye on his forehead. The two Convoys power up. Lio Convoy is now Flash Lio Convoy, and Convoy is now Burning Convoy. Burning Convoy rides Flash Lio Convoy to Majin Zarak's third eye. Burning Convoy drives his fist into Majin Zarak's third eye. Flash Lio Convoy and Burning Convoy open their Matrix compartments, combining forces in an ultimate Double Matrix Blaster attack. It hits Majin Zarak directly in the eye, destroying him. The Cybertrons agree that the gate was sent to Gaea by whoever made it to be destroyed, due to a flaw in it that can be used to destroy the universe. Convoy returns through the teleport gate, and the Cybertrons destroy it to protect the universe.
20208154	2	Samir Mitra is an unemployed educated guy who is looking for a job. His father Abir Mitra is a retired person. Samir's mother is suffering from cancer. One day Samir suddenly meets Manik Chandra Sadhukhan. Manik's father is Niranjan Sadhukan, he is also ill. Latika is Manik's younger sister. Manik has come to Kolkata to meet his father's friend Chandrakanta Majumadar who is an established businessman. Manik meets with an accident on the way. Samir tries to save his life. Before his death Manik requests Samir to take care of his father and younger sister; he also tells Samir not to disclose the news of his accident. Manik gives Samir all required information. Samir becomes Manik; he meets Chandrakanta as Manik. Chandrakanta appoints him in his own office. Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen. From his salary he maintains his own family and Manik's family. Everybody is impressed with his behavior and honesty. Suddenly Niranjan and Latika come to Kolkata because Niranjan is unwell. Niranjan has lost his eyesight and there is some problem in his heart also. Samir tries to hide from Niranjan but every body comes to know the truth. Kartik Sen, the business rival of Chandrakanta, kidnaps Ria and demands ransom. Samir and Chandrakanta rescue her with the help of police. Samir donates his father's eye to Niranjan. Niranjan gets back his eyesight.
16676041	2	A Russian engineer Petr Garin possesses a unique beam-shooting weapon that can destroy any target on practically any distance. Staging his death he emigrates from Russia as a French merchant and tries to find contacts with the head of one of the largest financial trusts in Europe, Mr. Rolling. The final goal of Garin is to rule the world...
9962209	3	The film tells the story of David Vass , an obsessed filmmaker who attempts to make an epic account of the French adventurer Orelie-Antoine de Tounens, who in 19th century assumed the title of King of Patagonia and Araucania. Vass meets major obstacles at every turn during the film. First, word leaks out to the Argentine media that Vass is finally making his film and he has to dodge them as he executes his preproduction plans. The big problem is finding the perfect actor to portray the king. When all of the professional auditions are rejected, Vass turns to the street. Unfortunately, he chooses a hippie type, who mistakes Vass for the cops and flees. Still, Vass catches up and convinces him to play the part. Finally, Vass assembles cast and crew and prepares to go southern Argentina to shoot the film. However, his financial backer withdraws with the film's money and flees abroad. Now Vass has no money to pay his staff. The actors immediately abandon the project and once again Vass hits the streets to find his actors. Finally, the group makes it to the location for shooting. By this time they are so broke that they cannot afford lodging and end up staying at an orphanage until an actor makes the wrong advances towards a youngster and gets them kicked out. The crew, not wanting to sleep in tents, decide to leave. The cast joins them. Despite this final crushing blow, Vass will not abandon the film and portrays the king himself, using mannequins for extras to create some of the films most haunting and surreal scenes.
11018205	2	The movie is based on Tim McLoughlin's novel Heart of the Old Country, which has Mike Manadoro  as a 19-year-old Brooklyn boy who is torn between two worlds. When Mike's photography portfolio wins him a partial scholarship to New York University, he must figure out how to balance his tight-knit Italian neighborhood roots in Bay Ridge with the opportunity to blend into the expansive, sophisticated world on the other side of the East River. Since his job at a local car service doesn't earn him enough to make up for the rest of the tuition, and his father, a retired sanitation worker on disability, refuses to support Mike's attempts for financial aid out of pride, Mike ultimately takes a job making deliveries for Tony, the local mob boss, to make up the difference. Mike not only has to balance work with his academic assignments, he has to manage his personal relationships as well. This includes his attraction to a beautiful, cool, intellectual young woman, Kathy Popovich  he meets at NYU, with his responsibility to his longtime girlfriend Gina  from the neighborhood whom he's promised to marry. The stakes grow higher as he faces consequential choices from turning his back on all he knows and pursuing a new life.
4343437	2	Three rebellious teenage girls decide to even the score in the battle of the sexes. Looking back a few years after the events depicted, Jefferson Roth tells the story of the last few months of her senior year at a Wisconsin boarding school when she and two girl friends, the naive Lisa and the outrageous Karen, conspire to use a pistol to turn the tables on males after a wealthy older man, with whom Karen had a one night stand, refuses to give her his home phone number. They stage a sexual assault on David, Lisa's on-and-off boyfriend, in an effort to try to be more like their male counterparts. But, it backfires, as all three girls learn they are not able to have sex the way they feel a man can. Their unfaithfulness to their own objective is summed up in Karen's words, just prior to her tragic ending, "I wish I had a boyfriend."
32309840	2	A dog left out in the cold desperately seeks shelter in a dog house, a hawk's nest and a turtle shell, but is rejected every time. He finally stumbles upon the home of Pepe Le Pew, who is currently out. When he returns, the dog unsuccessfully tries to get rid of the skunk. Pepe's stench forces him out in the snow again, and he returns with a cold. Pepe meanwhile wants his home back, and tries equally in vain to make him go away with his stench. However, thanks to his cold, the dog can't smell a thing. After being forced out, Pepe throws the dog a note which reads: WARNING! A COLD CAN BE FATAL! SEE YOUR DOCTOR NOW! The dog hurriedly phones a Dr. Gesundheit, and Pepe promptly appears in disguise as the doctor. He tries putting a mustard plaster on the dog's nose and ripping it off, which doesn't work. Pepe next tries a steam machine, which after several tries, works, ridding the dog of his cold. Pepe now successfully gets rid of his unwanted guest with his stench. The dog returns thawing himself out and again with a cold. Pepe runs off and returns with a cold himself. The pair finally agree to live with the colds and each other since neither can get rid of the other, and as they sneeze,they say "Gesundheit!".
13888061	2	The film was made famous by the excellent portrayal of the eunuch, Maharani , an evil madam running a brothel that employs many girls like Pooja  and Chanda . Ravi , a taxi driver, meets Pooja before she is bought by Maharani, and his friend Gotya  is in love with Chanda. The story shows how Ravi, whose own sister committed suicide after being forced to become a prostitute, and Pooja, a current prostitute, come together. The title Sadak is Urdu for Road and signifies the place where the poor Ravi and Gotya live.
19398722	2	When open auditions are announced for a radio variety program, the local station is besieged by aggressively over-coached "professional kids." Also auditioning is an impressive-sounding musical aggregation called the International Silver String Submarine Band—which turns out to be none other than the gang, equipped  with home-made instruments. After suffering through an endless parade of cloyingly cute kiddie troupers , the gang step up to the microphone and steal the show with a truly unforgettable rendition of "The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze".
1743335	2	Feluda played by Soumitra, the sharp and witty detective from Calcutta, his cousin Topshe and friend Lalmohan Ganguly played by Santosh Dutta visit Benaras , a town on the banks of Ganges. In Benaras they meet a Bengali family. On coming to know that Feluda is a famous detective the head of this family invites him to his place and tells him about theft of an idol of Ganesha, the elephant God. This idol is made of pure gold and is a prized possession of the family,which the ancestor has brought from Nepal and is supposed to bring good luck to the family. "Maganlal Meghraj"  a wealthy businessman from Benaras has had his eyes set on the idol. Feluda promises to help the family in finding the idol. Meanwhile, the sculptor who was sculpting the Durga idol for the Durga Puja festival is murdered and the mystery deepens. Feluda uses his brilliant detective skills to unravel the mystery and bring the culprits to the book. The story has two sub plots. On the one hand, it is the story of the acquisitive instinct of a greedy Marwari businessman, who would spare no expenses or ways to get what he desires, even if it is at the cost of murdering some innocents and bribing the willing. On the other, it is also the tale of cautionary foresight exercised by the family head. The sights and sounds and the brilliant cinematography and photographic imagery takes the nostalgic viewer to a lost world of the innocence, the beauty and the freshness of a north Indian town, that is at once, far from the madding corruptibility of big cities. Subaltern texts like the caste and the communal divide do make their presence felt, but they exist as subplots, that further enrich the viewer's understanding.
3724436	2	Richard Hannay  is watching a demonstration of the superlative powers of recall of "Mr. Memory"   at a London music hall theatre when shots are fired.In the ensuing panic, he finds himself holding a seemingly-frightened Annabella Smith , who talks him into taking her back to his apartment. There, she tells him that she is a spy, being chased by assassins, and that she has uncovered a plot to steal vital British military secrets, masterminded by a man with the top joint missing from one of his fingers. She mentions the "39 steps", but does not explain its meaning. Later that night, Smith bursts into Hannay's bedroom, fatally stabbed in the back, and warns him to escape. He finds a map of Scotland clutched in her hand, with a town circled. He sneaks out of the watched apartment disguised as a milkman and boards a train to Scotland. He sees the police searching the train and learns from a newspaper that he is the target of a nationwide manhunt for Smith's murderer. Quickly, he enters a compartment and kisses the sole occupant, the attractive Pamela , in a desperate attempt to escape detection. She however frees herself from his unwanted embrace and alerts the policemen. Hannay jumps from the train onto the Forth Bridge and escapes. He walks toward the town circled on the map, and stays the night with a poor crofter   and his much younger wife . The next morning, Hannay is chased by the police, wearing the farmer's Sunday coat . Hannay presumes that the only new resident in the town must be Annabella's contact, whom she was trying to meet and tell of 'the 39 Steps.' Police still in pursuit, he arrives at the man's house, and tells his story to the seemingly respectable Professor Jordan , who then shows that he is missing part of a finger. Hannay realizes his mistake, but Jordan shoots and leaves him for dead. Luckily, the bullet is stopped by the farmer's hymnbook, left in a coat pocket. Hannay goes to the local police, but they refuse to believe his story, since the inspector knows Jordan well. Hannay jumps through a window and escapes into the crowd. He tries to hide himself in a political meeting, but is mistaken for the introductory speaker; he gives a rousing impromptu speech , but is recognised by Pamela, who gives him up once more. He is handcuffed and taken away by "policemen", who ask Pamela to accompany them. Hannay realises they are agents of the conspiracy when they bypass the nearest police station. Hannay is handcuffed to Pamela while the men try to disperse a flock of sheep blocking the road, but he still manages to escape, dragging the unwilling Pamela along. They travel across the countryside and stay the night at an inn. While he sleeps, she manages to slip out of the handcuffs, but then overhears one of the fake policemen on the telephone; the conversation confirms Hannay's assertions. She returns to the room and sleeps on a sofa. Next morning, she tells him what she heard. He sends her to London to warn the police. No secret documents have been reported missing however, so they do not believe her. Instead, they follow her to get to Hannay. She leads them to Mr. Memory's show at the London Palladium. When the performer is introduced, Hannay recognises his theme music: it's the annoyingly catchy tune he hasn't been able to forget for days. Hannay puts two and two together and realises that the spies are using Mr. Memory to smuggle the secrets out. As the police take him into custody, he shouts out the question, "What are the 39 Steps?" Mr. Memory compulsively begins to answer, "The 39 Steps is an organisation of spies, collecting information on behalf of the foreign office of ...." Jordan shoots him and tries to flee, but is apprehended. The dying Mr. Memory recites the information stored in his brain, a design for a silent aircraft engine.
13075853	2	In the opening scene, Ravi Verma  is shown badly wounded with bullets. He crawls to a phone booth and calls up for an ambulance to save his life. Ravi Verma is a careless boy who lives with his elder brother Ranjit Verma . Ranjit is a lawyer and works for Veljibhai Soda , who is a criminal. Veljibhai has an order to forcefully acquire a land which belongs to Ustad Ali Mohammed . Ali Mohammed wants to build up a children's park at that site. Ravi somehow gets into the picture and Veljibhai asks him to go to there and warn Ali Mohammed to leave the land immediately. Ravi is suffering from brain tumor and while throwing things out of Ali Mohammed's house, he falls on the floor. Ali Mohammed takes him to the hospital. When Ravi gains consciousness, he realizes that he had been doing wrong and changes his mind. He realizes his duties and now wants to save Ali Mohammed's land at any cost from Veljibhai. Veljibhai, on realizing this, takes the ownnership to capture the land in his own hands. He gets Ali Mohammed killed in the process. Ali Mohammed has handed over the ownership of land to Ravi in his deed. Veljibhai asks Ravi to hand over the deed papers in ransom for his brother, Ranjit. Ranjit however tries to get the papers back but is killed by Veljibhai. Now Ravi has everything to go against Veljibhai and not let his plans succeed. But Veljibhai is clever enough to kidnap his love Rita . Ravi rescues Rita and kills Veljibhai not before he is shot with four bullets, thus bringing the story up to the point of the film's opening scene. The ambulance arrives and in the hospital, Ravi is saved, along with the removal of his brain tumor. He gets the children's park built in Ali Mohammed's land as per his last wish.
26342736	2	Chance  returns home from a half decade in jail determined to change his life. He tries to make peace with his father , the head of the Aryan Brotherhood at the prison where he is serving a life sentence for murder. Chance's release is quickly marred when he has to help his best friend with a debt to a local mobster. When Chance gets home to his ex-girlfriend house, he finds out that he has a son named August. then he meets Pearl a friend of his ex-girlfriend. Chance and Pearl fall in love.
5468633	1	In the future America, the military draft has been reinstated to fight the war on terror. The country's conflicting attitudes toward war are examined through the eyes of Aaron , George , and Dixon . The three friends have been given induction notices and have 30 days to report for duty. Feeling unprepared but convinced that he must serve, novelist Aaron embarks on a quest to prepare for the life of a soldier &mdash; enlisting the help of a collapsing Bowflex machine and a disengaged therapist . Corporate attorney George wishes to stay with his wife , a recent cancer survivor, rather than fight in a war that he believes is wrong. He spends much of his 30 days researching ways he can dodge the draft, but avoiding service does not prove easy. Cab driver Dixon is the most fearless and free of doubt, but he falls in love with a sociology student , and suddenly issues that always seemed black-and-white to him are not so simple. As reporting day, or day zero, draws nearer, the three friends fight, fallout, come together and comfort each other as each in his own way discovers what it means to "serve with honor."
25896538	2	Davy Mitchell is an introverted writer struggling on tour to promote his unpublished short stories. His lonely nights heat up when Davy receives a seemingly random phone call from a woman named Nicole. The sultry stranger seduces him into an intense session of phone sex, sparking an erotic and intimate relationship that is based entirely around the phone calls that she initiates. Davy wants to make it work, but he becomes frustrated when she refuses to give out her number. Fed up with her games, he determines to meet Nicole in person. That is, if she ever calls again…
27206044	2	Molly Mahoney  forms, along with her fiancée Eddie Kerns , a vaudeville act. Working at a local dance school, she longs to become a star performing on Broadway. Eddie persuades her to leave town for New York City, and after their arrival, Eddie debuts on the radio with his so-called singing canaries. Although the canaries are unable to sing, Eddie is not, and following an impressive debut he is offered a job at the station. He convinces co-worker Buddy Bartell ([[Richard Lane  to grant Molly and her little sister Pat  an audition. What promised to be a big opportunity, turns into the start of noticeable tensions among the sisters, when Bartell announces he wants to team Eddie and Pat. Molly, meanwhile, is offered a degrading job selling cigarettes. Instead of complaining, Molly swallows her pride and allows Pat to take the limelight meant for her. Meanwhile, wealthy and often-married playboy 'Chat' Chatsworth  falls for Pat and starts flirting with her. After a while, Molly finds out about Chat's wild past through her gossipy friend Jed Marlowe , and tries to warn her sister. The worries turn out to be unnecessary, though, as Pat feels more attracted to Eddie. She does not want to hurt Molly's feeling or ruin her engagement, and decides to return home. Molly, who is unaware of Pat's motives for leaving, insists on her staying. Thinking it is the only way of forgetting her feelings for Eddie, Pat accepts a proposal of Chat and runs off to elope with him. When Eddie hears about this, he is alarmed, because he had been secretly in love with Pat the entire time. He admits his true feeling for Pat to Molly, and is encouraged to follow her. However, upon arriving at the apartment, Eddie finds out that Pat and Chat have already left. Overhearing one of Chat's servants of Pat and Chat's whereabouts, Eddie rushes to the city hall. Breaking up a wedding ceremony that has already begun, Eddie professes his love for Pat. With the blessing of Molly, Pat and Eddie decide to marry, while Molly returns home.
5497021	2	The film adheres very closely to Lovecraft's story, but there are a few changes. The sailors aboard the Emma first encounter the Alert abandoned at sea, rather than crewed by Cthulhu cultists and taken over by Emma{{'}}s crew after a violent confrontation as in the original story. Additionally, the film depicts the narrator present at the time of his great-uncle's death, who dies peacefully in his sleep, rather than being summoned upon the mysterious death of his great-uncle, who was presumably killed by Cthulhu cultists in the original short story. The narrator  notes as well that Inspector Legrasse, who had directed the raid on cultists in backwoods Louisiana, had died before the narrator's investigation began. In the original story, the narrator does not seem to end in a lunatic asylum or experience any mysterious nightmares himself.
6529458	2	A timid insurance salesman Albert L. Tuttle  visits eccentric millionaire Cyrus J. Rutherford, intent on selling him a $200,000 insurance deal. Instead he finds that Rutherford has recently died and his mansion is now full of relatives who are, according to the will, all bound to remain in the mansion until a glass-domed vault is constructed on the roof, to house the deceased millionaire who was an ardent follower of the stars. Tuttle is mistaken for a private detective sent to guard the body, and once the confusion is cleared up and the real detective fails to show, he is convinced by Rutherford's niece Carol Dunlap  to remain and ensure that the body is not stolen. If the body should be buried any place other than the vault, the will states that recipients who would receive the largest bequest will receive the smallest, and vice versa. One of the recipients plans to reverse the will in their favor, hide the body and kill anyone who gets in their way. Unfortunately for mild-mannered Tuttle, he is directly in the way of the killer, and the rest of the conniving family.
32800688	3	A small village in the Jura is split by the river Loue which creates the line of demarcation between Nazi occupied France and freedom. A French officer, Pierre , is released by the Nazi soldiers to find his chateau converted into a German command centre. Whilst he is obliged to co-operate with the enemy, his wife Mary  supports the resistance movement and is willing to risk her life for it. The Nazis step up their activity against the resistance, insisting that any who attempt to cross the line of demarcation will be shot. When his wife is arrested, Pierre decides to switch his allegiance. The movement is hindered by an informer and another man who pretends to help the resistance fighters but leads them to the Nazis and steals all their possessions.
76385	1	Ahmed  robs as he pleases in the city of Bagdad. Wandering into a mosque, he tells the holy man ([[Charles Belcher  he disdains his religion; his philosophy is, "What I want, I take." That night, he sneaks into the palace of the caliph  using a magic rope he stole during ritual prayers. All thoughts of plunder are forgotten when he sees the sleeping princess , the caliph's daughter. The princess's Mongol slave  discovers him and alerts the guards, but he gets away. When his associate  reminds the disconsolate Ahmed that a bygone thief once stole another princess during the reign of Haroun al-Rashid, Ahmed sets out to do the same. The next day is the princess's birthday. Three princes arrive, seeking her hand in marriage . Another of the princess's slaves foretells that she will marry he who first touches a rose-tree in her garden. The princess watches anxiously as first the glowering Prince of the Indies , then the obese Prince of Persia , and finally the Prince of the Mongols  pass by the rose-tree. The mere sight of the Mongol fills the princess with fear, but when Ahmed appears , she is delighted. The Mongol slave tells her countryman of the prophesy, but before he can touch the rose-tree, Ahmed's startled horse tosses its rider into it. That night, following ancient custom, the princess chooses Ahmed for her husband. Out of love, Ahmed gives up his plan to abduct her and confesses all to her in private. The Mongol prince learns from his spy, the princess's Mongol slave, that Ahmed is a common thief and informs the caliph. Ahmed is lashed mercilessly, and the caliph orders he be torn apart by a giant ape, but the princess has the guards bribed to let him go. When the caliph insists she select another husband, her loyal slave advises her to delay. She asks that the princes each bring her a gift after "seven moons"; she will marry the one who brings her the rarest. In despair, Ahmed turns to the holy man. He tells the thief to become a prince, revealing to him the peril-fraught path to a great treasure. The Prince of the Indies obtains a magic crystal ball from the eye of a giant idol, which shows whatever he wants to see, while the Persian prince buys a flying carpet. The Mongol prince leaves behind his henchman, telling him to organize the soldiers he will send to Bagdad disguised as porters.  After he lays his hands on a magic apple which has the power to cure anything, even death, he sends word to the Mongol slave to poison the princess. After many adventures, Ahmed gains a cloak of invisibility and a small chest of magic powder which turns into whatever he wishes when he sprinkles it. He races back to the city. The three princes meet as agreed at a caravansary before returning to Bagdad. The Mongol asks the Indian to check whether the princess has waited for them. They discover that she is near death, and ride the flying carpet to reach her. Then the Mongol uses the apple to cure her. The suitors argue over which gift is rarest, but the princess points out that without any one gift, the remaining two would have been useless in saving her life. Her loyal slave shows her Ahmed in the crystal ball, so the princess convinces her father to deliberate carefully on his future son-in-law. The Mongol prince chooses not to wait, unleashing his secret army that night and capturing Bagdad. Ahmed arrives at the city gate, shut and manned by Mongols. When he conjures up a large army with his powder, the Mongol soldiers flee. The Mongol prince is about to have one of his men kill him when the Mongol slave suggests he escape with the princess on the flying carpet. Ahmed liberates the city and rescues the princess, using his cloak of invisibility to get through the Mongols guarding their prince. In gratitude, the caliph gives his daughter to him in marriage.
5881936	2	The movie begins with an orphan Santosh  coming in search of a job at a petrol bunk in ECR. He manages to win the goodwill of the petrol bunk owner and gets a job there. Enters Priya , an arrogant college student. He throws a challenge to his friends to make Priya fall for him. Meanwhile Priya's brother Vettri , a leading criminal lawyer in the city, comes to know of Santosh's moves and tries to thwart his plans. Santosh had lost his family to tsunami on 26 December 2004, when they were at ECR to attend a family function. Coming to know of his past and his good ways, Priya is attracted to Santosh. Priya's brother hatches a conspiracy to prevent them from getting married. He kidnaps his sister and the blame falls on Santosh. How Santosh overcomes all tragic events and succeeds in holding Priya's hands is the remaining part of the story.
33799600	2	Set against the background of Petaling Street in 1908, Petaling Street Warriors tells the story of a pair of married couple, Shi Duyao  and Zhung Lichun , who operate a Hokkien mee stall in Petaling Street, where they suffer from the inefficiency of the colonial government and suppression by the Chinese gangsters. While trying to impress his wife, Duyao encounters a mysterious yet strikingly beautiful kungfu expert, Xiaoju , who claims that Duyao is a descendant of the missing Emperor Jianwen of the Ming Dynasty. To stop a group of Qing warriors and Japanese ninjas from robbing a treasure map that Duyao doesn't even know he has, Lichun and her cousin, Liu Kun , finally reveal their kungfu, turning Petaling Street into the ultimate battleground. Facing enemies of unthinkable powers, could Duyao unravel the mystery of his real identity and come to his wife's rescue just in time?
12404324	2	Ray Macklin  is obsessed with his own mortality. When a close friend suddenly dies of a heart attack at a barbecue, Ray becomes convinced that every ache, pain and twinge he experiences is a sign of his own impending death. His unjustified fears lead him into ever more extensive hypochondria.
4380331	2	A man is discovered breaking into his own jewellery shop in the dead of night. Questioned closely, it is discovered that his wife is being held hostage at their home by Steve , a brutal extortionist who demands the diamonds in the shop's safe in exchange for the woman's life. After Steve kills the family maid, FBI agent Warren Stantin  hands over the diamonds, but Steve kills the jeweller's wife anyway, and escapes. Feeling that he has failed, Stantin becomes obsessed with finding Steve, and he chases Steve into the rugged forests of the state of Washington, where Steve joins up with a group of sportsmen who plan to trek into the wilderness on a fishing trip. Steve's plan is to kill them and force their guide, Sarah , to lead him through the wilderness to the Canadian border. Stantin must team up with Sarah's mountain-man boyfriend Jonathan Knox  to pursue Steve. Jonathan does not believe city slicker Stantin can keep up on a tough cross-country hike that includes some rock climbing, and Stantin is determined to prove himself. They pursue Steve and Sarah into the wilderness and eventually to the streets of Vancouver. The movie also featured a chase scene aboard the BC Ferries Queen of Vancouver. After a long chase, Stantin manages to shoot Steve in an underwater struggle. The killer's identity is not revealed until midway through the film. He attempts to evade detection by killing a member of a hiking expedition and taking his place. To keep the audience guessing as to the true identity of the villain, some of the hikers were played by actors known for playing bad guys: notably Clancy Brown , Frederick Coffin ([[Mother's Day , Andrew Robinson  and Richard Masur .
24565046	3	Beaty is a prostitute working at a London cabaret where Emory is a sound technician. They begin an affair encumbered by Beaty's job as a call girl.
1059662	2	The film takes place during a hot summer in 1958 at a seaside town in the Inland Sea. A troupe of travelling theatre arrives by ship, headed by the troupe's lead actor and owner, Komajuro . The rest of the troupe goes around the town to promote their kabuki acts. Komajuro visits his former mistress, Oyoshi, who runs a small eatery in the town. They have a grown-up son Kiyoshi, who now works at the post office as a mail clerk and is saving up to go to the university. However, he does not know who Komajuro is, thinking he is his uncle. Komajuro invites Kiyoshi to go fishing in the sea. When Sumiko, the lead actress of the troupe and Komajuro's current mistress, learns that Komajuro is visiting his former mistress, she becomes jealous and makes a visit to Oyoshi's eatery, where Kiyoshi and Komajuro are playing a game of go. Komajuro chases her away before she can say anything destructive, then confronts her in the pouring rain. He tells her to get off her back from his son, and decides to break up with her. Sumiko calls Komajuro an ingrate, and cites examples when she has helped him out in the past. Backstage one day, Sumiko offers Kayo, a pretty young actress from the same troupe, some money and asks her to seduce Kiyoshi. Although Kayo at first refuses, she gives in after Sumiko's insistence. She goes to Kiyoshi's post office to make him fall for her. However, after knowing Kiyoshi for some time, she falls for him and decides to tell Kiyoshi the truth. Kiyoshi says it does not matter how it all starts. The two then engage in a relationship which only later is found out by Komajuro. Komajuro confronts Kayo, who tells him of Sumiko's setup, but only after asserting she now loves Kiyoshi and is not doing it for money. Komajuro has a violent confrontation with Sumiko, and refuses to listen to her plea for a reconciliation. The manager of the troupe has absconded, and business is bad. Komajuro has no choice but to disband the troupe, and they have a last night together. Komajuro then goes to Oyoshi's place and tells her of his troupe's break-up. Oyoshi persuades him to tell Kiyoshi the truth about his parenthood and then stay together her place as a family. Komajuro agrees. When Kiyoshi later comes back with Kayo, Komajuro becomes so enraged to see them together that he beats both of them repeatedly, leading to a physical tussle between Kiyoshi and him. Oyoshi is forced to reveal to him the truth about his birth there, but Kiyoshi refuses to accept it and goes to his room upstairs. Taking in Kiyoshi's reaction, Komajuro decides to leave after all. Kayo wants to join him, but Komajuro asks her to stay to help Kiyoshi out. Kiyoshi later has a change of heart and goes downstairs to look for Komajuro, but his father has already left. At the train station, Komajuro tries to light a cigarette but has no matches. Sumiko, who is sitting nearby, comes up and offers him a light. Sumiko asks where Komajuro is going, since she has now no place to go. The two reconcile and Sumiko decides to join Komajuro to start anew under another impresario at Kuwana. The last scene of the film shows Komajuro, tended by Sumiko, in a train heading for Kuwana.
3999301	2	{{plot}} A tourist, Vera Brandt , is chased and beheaded in the Swiss countryside. Eight months later Jennifer Corvino , arrives at the Swiss Richard Wagner Academy for Girls, chaperoned by Frau Brückner , who places her with roommate Sophie . While sleepwalking through the academy and out onto the roof, Jennifer witnesses a student being murdered. She awakens and falls, fleeing and eventually becoming lost in the woods. Forensic entomologist John McGregor 's chimpanzee attendant Inga ([[Tanga  finds her and leads her to him. Witnessing her apparent interaction with his insects, McGregor comes to believe she has a special gift for telepathy with them. Following an ilicit tryst the same night, Sophie is murdered. When other students taunt Jennifer for her connection to insects, she summons a swarm of flies which covers the entire building, then faints. Convinced that Jennifer is insane and possibly responsible for the killings, the headmistress arranges for her to be transferred to a mental hospital for the criminally insane. Jennifer flees to McGregor's home just in time to evade the transfer. McGregor gives to Jennifer a glass case with a Great Sarcophagus fly, which is drawn to decaying human flesh, and suggests she use it to help track the murderer. Later that night, McGregor is murdered in his home after Inga is distracted and locked outside. With nowhere left to go, Jennifer calls her father's lawyer Morris Shapiro for help. He alerts Brückner, who finds Jennifer and offers the girl to stay at her house overnight. Once there Brückner whacks Jennifer unconscious with a piece of wood and incarcerates her in the house. Jennifer engineers her escape through a large hole in the floor that leads through a tunnel to a dungeon and in the basement, she finds Brückner's son, Patua , with a hideously deformed face. He chases Jennifer onto a motorboat and attempts to kill her, but she summons a swarm of flies that attack him. Brückner exposes that her son was the one killing the school girls and that she killed McGregor to try to stop the girl's investigation. Suddenly McGregor's chimpanzee Inga attacks Brückner and kills her with a razor.
2259669	3	In Inniston, Marc Hall  is popular and his sexuality relatively well-accepted by his classmates and later his parents. But when he decides to take his boyfriend to the prom as his date, he finds he has stepped over the line straight into the fight of his young life and sends ripples though Canada's media. From just an ordinary teenager, he becomes an icon for LGBT rights across the nation when he discovers he is battling discrimination to date whoever he wants within the spotlight of the nation's media cast center on his struggle,
15799232	2	Jim Fletcher , a former inmate in a Japanese prisoner-of-war camp, awakes from a coma at a naval hospital, only to be told he's been accused of murder. Fletcher is not quite certain of his guilt so he escapes from the hospital in search of his best friend, another ex-POW.
18699834	3	Susana grollo fernandez is full of the unique touches of Buñuel's surrealism. The heroine, Susana , is a beautiful inmate at a women's reformatory who escapes in the middle of a rainy night. When first seen, Susana's being thrown into a solitary cell for misbehaving and the correction officer says Imagine, she's been here two years and is worse than ever!. In her cell she asks God's help, facing a shadow of the cross formed by the window bars from where a spider crawls away. The window breaks open and she escapes. She ends up at a ranch. Soon the whole household is involved in possessing her and fighting over her. Jesus, the young ranch helper; Alberto, the family's son and heir; and Guadalupe, Alberto's father, 'a God-fearing man and the faithful husband of the beautiful, patient Dona Carmen'.
2399371	2	Fay Forrester  is an attractive young woman who wants to escape from her abusive boyfriend Vince . She hires Jack Andrews , a second class private investigator, to arrange her "death". She wants to restart her life with a new identity and the money she got from helping Vince commit robberies. Due to Jack's financial problems, he joins Fay after her fake death. Unfortunately, Vince finds out that Fay is still alive. The hunt for Jack, Fay and the money begins. {{clear left}}
5526366	1	Alexandra Medford , Jane Spofford , and Sukie Ridgemont  are three dissatisfied women living in the picturesque town of Eastwick, New England. Alexandra is a sculptress and single mother of one daughter; Jane is a newly divorced music teacher incapable of having children; and Sukie is an extremely fertile woman with six daughters, who also works as a journalist at the "'Eastwick Word." Besides an everlasting friendship, these three women also share the similar misfortune of being abandoned by their husbands. Unaware that they are witches, the women unwittingly form a coven where they have weekly get-togethers and share their fantasies about ideal men. The day after one such gathering, a mysterious man  arrives in the town and immediately stirs up trouble by buying the town's landmark property - the Lennox Mansion. The arrival of this enigmatic stranger causes fascination among the townsfolk, all except local townswoman Felicia Alden , the Christian wife of newspaper editor, Clyde Alden . Clyde is also Sukie's boss, whom Felicia dislikes. Although Felicia is not a witch, she is somehow able to sense that this man  is up to no good. One night, at one of Jane's music recitals, the strange man appears and makes a spectacle of himself, which leads to more gossip among the people. After the recital, Jane receives a bouquet of flowers with the initial "D" written on it. This sparks Sukie's memory, finally revealing the man's name as Daryl Van Horne. However, as chaos over Daryl's name spreads throughout the crowd, Sukie’s beaded necklace inexplicably breaks and falls to the floor, causing Felicia  to trip down a large staircase and break her leg. The following day, as Daryl sets out to seduce the women one by one, he begins with the self-assured Alexandra, who is at first appalled by Daryl's arrogance, but later falls in love with him. The next morning, Daryl visits Jane, who is considered very insecure and shy. As the two sit down and share polite conversations, Jane explains to Daryl how the Lennox Mansion was built on the same location where alleged witches were burned at the stake. Later that night, Daryl encourages Jane to stop living a life of doubt and learn to enjoy herself by living recklessly. Taking his advice to heart, Jane begins living carelessly by letting her hair down and indulging in alcohol, drugs, and sex. The following week, Daryl invites all three of the women over to his mansion, which finally allows him to set his sights on Sukie. Later, as envy and rivalry emerge among the women, they inadvertently cause a tennis ball to levitate. Finally aware of their magical abilities, the women agree to share Daryl, spending more and more time with him at his palace. Later, as the women continue their presence at Daryl's mansion, Felicia begins spreading rumors about the three women's indecency. Alexandra, Jane, and Sukie become social outcasts within the town. As the witches begin to question their loyalty to Daryl, the diabolical tycoon kills Felicia by causing the girls to unknowingly cast a spell against her. Later that night, as Felicia rants to her husband about Daryl being the Devil, she begins to gradually vomit cherry stones. Because he cannot bear to watch his wife's illness progress, Clyde beats Felicia with a fire poker, killing her instantly. Following the death of Felicia, the three women become frightful of their powers and agree not to see or speak to each other or Daryl for a long period of time. Meanwhile, upset with the witches for abandoning him, Daryl uses his own powers against the girls by bringing their worst fears to life. Alexandra awakens to a bed full of snakes; Jane transforms into an old hag; and Sukie is forced to feel excruciating pain. Realizing the only way to be rid of Daryl is by using witchcraft against him, the girls reunite in order to seduce, and ultimately kill, Daryl Van Horne. The next morning, as Daryl sets out to town, the women perform a banishing spell on him. Sukie rushes to Daryl's office, removing a grimoire entitled "Maleficio"; Jane gathers some of Daryl's personal belongings ; and Alex creates a voodoo doll in his image out of wax. Once the spell begins to take effect, Daryl races home to punish the girls for their betrayal. Terrified of Daryl's dominance over them, the witches toss the voodoo doll into a fire. Daryl vanishes. Eighteen months later, Alexandra, Jane, and Sukie have each borne a son. Although they still possess their magical powers, they avoid using them out of fear of unintentionally resurrecting Daryl. However, as the women now live together in the Lenox Mansion, Daryl often attempts to communicate with his children by appearing on television screens. Concerned about his diabolical intentions, the witches simply avoid Daryl by clicking off the television.
31523947	1	On September 18, 1972, the Hoffman house was closed due to several mysterious deaths. Ten years later, the house is reopened as a boarding house by a man with telekinetic powers who inherited it. A group of nubile young women quickly move in and the killings begin all over again.
28797593	2	Irish nationalists plans to seize a security van to raise money for their movement. A photographer begins to investigate the raid, as one of his friends was murdered during it.
25176887	3	Youssef  is a Muslim who works on the TGM and lives in La Goulette. His best friends are Jewish Jojo the brik seller and Sicilian Giuseppe the fisherman who are also his neighbours. Their daughters grow up together and share prospects for life but the landlord Hadj Beji  has his eyes on Youssef's daughter Meriem .
16870091	2	Vaudeville-era magician Presto DiGiotagione{{ref label}} is famous for a hat trick wherein he pulls his rabbit Alec Azam{{ref label}} out of his top hat. The short begins with an unfed and irritated Alec locked in a cage, unable to reach his carrot. After Presto returns from eating a meal, he begins practicing his act with Alec, revealing that his top hat is magically connected to a wizard's hat kept backstage with Alec, so that when Presto reaches into the top hat, his hand appears out of the wizard's hat, allowing him to grab Alec and pull him out of the top hat. He intends to feed Alec the carrot, but realizes that he is late for the show and rushes off to the stage without doing so, much to Alec's anger. Presto tried to start the performance, but Alec has reached his limit and refuses to cooperate until he is given the carrot. Presto then spends the rest of the show trying to catch Alec through the opening between his top hat and the wizard's hat. Alec cleverly turns the hat's magic against his master into multiple painful and humiliating ways and unsuccessful attempts of magic. Presto's hand is hit by a drawer off stage, his finger is stuck into a mouse trap, and he is hit in the face by an egg . Presto responds by antagonizing Alec, turning the carrot into a flower. Furious, Alec sucks Presto's head into a vacuum kept offstage, which spikes Presto's hair, making his face red and then rips his slacks off. Angered, Presto looks angry at Alec. Alec closes Presto's hand into a drawer backstage, and looks through his sleeve for the carrot. Presto starts running at Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his hat, and when he grabs the wizard hat, he accidentally takes of his pants. Furious, Presto wants to attack Alec, but in an act to defend himself, he puts a ladder into the wizard hat, and Presto is hit between the legs by the ladder kept off stage. Trying to get revenge, Presto attempts to hit Alec with the same ladder . Presto antagonizes Alec again, covering the carrot with a cloth before smashing it into a pulp with a piece of the ladder. An extremely angry Alec retaliates by aiming the opening of the wizard's hat towards an electrical socket which Presto's finger goes into, causing him to dance wildly to bluegrass music. The audience interprets these shenanigans as part of the act and applauds with increasing approval. Presto, now very angry, has had enough and chases Alec backstage, catching his foot in a rope that lifts him up to the fly space above the stage when he mistakenly releases the weights holding down some stage props. When his foot comes loose from the rope, he falls, along with a piano and some suspended scenery. Alec, realizing that Presto will be crushed, reluctantly uses the magic hat to save him, earning the audience's wild approval for both himself and Presto. Presto gives Alec the carrot , as well as second billing on the posters advertising the show , and they are rewarded for each show they do, roses for Presto and carrots for Alec.
