226	2	One of those books that I felt like it was written for me. Every poem just resonated with me and was inspiring.
641	1	"Chicago" is Carp-500
329	3	This, the most immediately accessible of Blake's longer works, is vigorous, deliberately outrageous, and at times comic, onslaught against many of the stock opinions of orthodox christian piety and morality. The seeming simplicity of bake's satiric attitude, however, is deceptive.   Initially, Blake accepts the terminology of middle-class Christian morality ("what the religious call Good and Evil") but reverses its values, In this conventional use of evil, which is manifested by the class the class of beings called devils and which consigns a man to the orthodox Hell, is everything associated with the body and its desires and consists essentially of energy, abundance, act, freedom. And conventional Good, which is manifested by Angels and guarantees its adherents a place in the orthodox Heaven, is associated with the Soul (regarded as entirely separate from the body) and consists of the contrary qualities of reason, restraint, passivity, and prohibition. Blandly persona (What Blake calls "the voice of the Devil) and to utter "Proverbs pf Hell." This ironic stance produces a vein of satire which is in the great 18th century tradition of sustained ironic reversal, represented by works such as Jonathan Swift's Modest Proposal.   But the transvaluation of standard criteria is only a first stage in Blake's complex irony, designed to startle the reader into recognizing the inadequacy of standard moral categories and stock responses. As he also says in the opening summary of his total argument, "Without Contraries is no progression," and "Reason and Energy" are both "necessary to Human existence." It turns out that Blake subordinates his satiric reversal of conventional values under a more inclusive point of view, according to which the real Good, as distinguished from the merely ironic Good, is not simply freedom from restraint, but a "marriage" of the contrary extremes of desire and restraint, energy and reason, the promptings of Hell and the limitations of Heaven or as Blake calls these contraries, in the comprehensive terms he introduces in Plate 16, "the Prolific" and "whoever tries to reconcile them seeks to destroy existence." When Blake speaks not as moral satirist but as serious as the sustained conflict, without victory or suppression, of simultaneous opposites.   Blake was stimulated to write this unique work in response to the books of the visionary Swedish theologian, Emanuel Swedenborg, whom he had at first admired but then had come to recognize as a conventional Angel in the disguise of a radical Devil. In Plate 3, the writings of Swedenborg are described as the winding clothes Blake discards as he is resurrected from the tomb of his past self, as a poet-prophet who heralds the apocalyptic promise of his age. For Blake wrote The Marriage of Heaven and Hell during the bright early years of the french revolution, when he shared the expectations of a number of radical Englishman, including the young poets Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey, that the Revolution was the universal violence which had been predicted by the biblical prophets as a stage immediately preceding the millennium. The double role of The Marriage as both satire and revolutionary prophecy in made explicit in A Song of Liberty, which Blake engraved in 1792 and added as a code.   A SONG OF LIBERTY   (Plate 25, Plate 26, Plate 27)   1. The Eternal Female groan'd! it was heard over all the Earth:   2. Albions coast is sick silent; the American meadows faint!   3. Shadows of Prophecy shiver along by the lakes and the rivers and mutter across the ocean. France rend down thy dungeon;   4. Golden Spain burst the barriers of old Rome;   5. Cast thy keys O Rome into the deep down falling, even to eternity down falling,   6. And weep.   7. In her trembling hands she took the new born terror howling;   8. On those infinite mountains of light, now barr'd out by the atlantic sea, the new born fire stood before the starry king!   9. Flag'd with grey brow'd snows and thunderous visages the jealous wings wav'd over the deep.   10. The speary hand burned aloft, unbuckled was the shield, forth went the hand of jealousy among the flaming hair, and (Plate 26) hurl'd the new born wonder thro' the starry night.   11. The fire, the fire, is falling!   12. Look up! look up! O citizen of London, enlarge thy countenance; O Jew, leave counting gold! return to thy oil and wine; O African! black African! (go, winged thought, widen his forehead.)   13. The fiery limbs, the flaming hair, shot like the sinking sun into the western sea.   14 Wak'd from his eternal sleep, the hoary element roaring fled away;   I5. Down rush'd beating his wings in vain the jealous king; his grey brow'd councellors, thunderous warriors, curl'd veterans, among helms, and shields, and chariots, horses, elephants: banners, castles, slings, and rocks,   I6. Falling, rushing, ruining! buried in the ruins, on Urthona's dens;   17. All night beneath the ruins, then their sullen flames faded emerge round the gloomy King.   18. With thunder and fire: leading his starry hosts thro' the waste wilderness, (Plate 27) he promulgates his ten commands, glancing: his beamy eyelids over the deep in dark dismay,   19. Where the son of fire in his eastern cloud, while the morning plumes her Golden breast,   20. Spurning the clouds written with curses, stamps the stony law to dust, loosing: the eternal horses from the dens of night, crying,   Empire is no more! and now the lion & wolf shall cease   Chorus   Let the Priests of the Raven of dawn, no longer in deadly black, with hoarse note curse the sons of joy. Nor his accepted brethren, whom tyrant, he calls free: lay the bound or build the roof. Nor pale religious letchery call that virginity, that wishes but acts not!   For every thing that lives is Holy.
606	3	I'm glad to have finished this. Glad to have persevered, but glad that it's finished.   I have to keep reminding myself that this book is twenty years old, and most of the poems older than that. That it was put together as a protest against the Bicentennial celebrations.   Many of these poems don't just seethe with anger, but rage and fury. Not just pain but agony. Fury and agony buried beneath years of repression, refined diamond-hard. (I'm sorry if the metaphor doesn't work, but I don't know how else to explain this.)   And so I found it difficult to read. Almost impossible at times. As though these poems were attacking me, raging against me in particular. And I found them threatening. Especially the poems by men. (And yet it surprised me that my favourites were those by Bobbi Sykes. She was radical black feminist, almost militant at that time. But her poems I could cope with, hers I could appreciate. And like.)   And it surprised me that in the end, one of my favourites is "The New True Anthem" by Kevin Gilbert. Because Kevin Gilbert was one of the most troubling writers in the collection. Gilbert was jailed for killing his wife. Not for some stupid little misdemenour, but murder. And tries to blame that on "the white justice system". Without ever even suggesting that he *didn't* kill his wife.   Anyway - I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the poetry of this man whose (again) radical militant remarks had been jumping off the page at me ever since I began.
681	3	Sarah Crossan is a master at creating beautiful characters and styles. She delivers another prose spectacle which doesn't shy from the gritty but I am still left wanting more.   Brilliant characterisation! Jess and Nicu had distinctive voices and narrative styles to their poems. I found it seemless to transisition from a Jess poem to a Nicu poem and establish who was narrating instantly.   But after 'One' and 'The Weight of Water' the bar is extremely high! 'We Come Apart' was again a brilliant book about being different and is brutal in showing the realities of racism and bulling. However, I had big expectations- it just was anything new or different to what we have seen before.
412	1	So, so fantastic. Damn. DAMN. I'm going to have to think about this some and come back to this..
128	3	This review is for the 5th edition of Literature: A Pocket Anthology. I chose this text for a course on a critical approach to literature, and love the selection of poems and short stories in particular. For my students, this text is at the right price point, and we'll make great use of the book as a whole.   BUT!   The indexing was done horribly and is basically unreliable. For example, "Daddy" by Sylvia Plath is listed as page 634, when it is actually pages 706-708. I have bumped into this several times during our study of poetry, and it's somewhat problematic. If students are looking up a poem by title without an author's name handy, they really have no hope of finding the poem if the index has listed it incorrectly.   Also, the "index of authors, titles, and first lines of poems" omits a number of poems (both by title and first line), and even some authors. And the page errors continue for the authors as well -- Walt Whitman is listed as page 60, but he's actually on 560. Boo! I would strongly suggest that Pearson use both an indexing program and a human eye on their future editions.   Actually, I would be happy to be that human eye, so go ahead and message me, Pearson. I would consider it a gift/responsibility to humanity and would do this free of charge.
111	3	(Caveat: I'm not a poet connoisseur.) That being said, I did enjoy this collection of poems. Bukowski is a lucid raconteur, spinning pessimistic tales of life in the mid-20th century and beyond. I have been told that all of his books of poetry are very similar. If that is true, I can see it getting old really quickly, as nearly all of the poems are about either drinking, horse racing and gambling, or women he's slept with. It's a very vivid tale, and I almost think that his style is idiosyncratically autobiographical. It's a fast, enjoyable, and perspicacious read. I recommend this collection.
285	3	What more can anyone say about Mary Oliver? I have read every single poetry book she has ever written, some several times. This latest book of essays is simply more of Mary doing what she does so well. She feels like a friend, a close friend. I love her poetry, but I think I love her essays as much if not more. I love Mary Oliver. And I'm sure anyone who reads her and has read her feels pretty much the same way.   If you are new to Mary Oliver, I suggest you read this book, absolutely. But be certain to go back and read her early works, too, starting at the beginning if you can, so you follow the progression of her poetic yet simple life. You will meet her loves and her reverence for nature. Everything she touches upon in her writing is made more meaningful. Mary will open your eyes to life around you like few others can.
466	1	this is gonna take me a little while...
868	1	one of my favorite passages, from the poem 'Ugly'   "Your daughter's face is a small riot,   her hands are a civil war,   a refugee camp behind each ear,   a body littered with ugly things.   But God,   doesn't she wear   the world well?"
733	3	A delightful book on the haiku genre and one of its major figures, Basho. I loved the way Hirshfield interweaves Basho's life story, poetry theory, connections to the audience, and poetry into a compelling story. I love the translations of the poetry, and the way Hirshfield sheds light on them without over-analyzing.   I also liked that this was a Kindle "Single"--it's a long essay, rather than a book, and only cost 99 cents (and you don't have to have a Kindle to read it). The length is perfect--I'd never read an entire book on haiku or on Basho, because even though I love literature, I would get bored quickly. This is perfect for someone with general interest in the subject matter; it's well-written, and compelling. If you are interested in poetry and/or Japan, I'd recommend it. I feel intellectually invigorated after reading this text.
839	3	Nobody writes like Tania Hershman. She has such a distinctive surreal way of approaching the world that the work is recognisably her's.   This is her first collection, a pamphlet of twenty-two poems in a variety of styles. Some of the poems I was familiar with Lessons in Flanders Agriculture and Hold The Baby and others like the opening poem about a father taking apart a clock were new. These are open ended poems which allow the reader to imagine what might happen,what happened next and they often have the quality of dreams.   My favourite remains Delville Wood. There may be a touch of bias at work here as I was one of the groups of writers on the Somme when she wrote the first draft and shared it. You can hear her reading Lessons In Flanders Agriculture Here.   Reading and re-reading these poems made me want to go off and write more of my own
81	2	I have adored this book since I was a kid. I did some poetry projects using Prelutsky's poems in elementary and loved reading these out loud. I re read it this year and the poems still made me laugh out loud and I still wanted to read them to someone. (They are no fun to read to yourself. This kind of awesomeness must be shared.) There are poems that are wonderful and poems that I generally skip, but overall, they are a fantastic collection.
170	3	I wanted to love this book but it didn't live up to my expectations. I admired his making art of something so banal as a training log, but the entries were littered with sentence fragments from the likes of Emily Dickinson, Walt Whitman, and Henry David Thoreau. I've read these writers, but I'm not as keen a student of American literature to know their works intimately and recognize the full meaning of how their ideas sing with his. I would have appreciated more explanations (and at 52 pages, the book could stand to be lengthened). IMO, many of the more powerful entries were the longer ones, when he took his time and described scenes and memories in more detail.   That said, what he does well is capture weakness in us that running exposes: "the look on her face when she was passed in the home stretch, as if some invisible current was sucking her out to sea," "the taste of panic in the last two miles as everything slipped away," "your heart rate rises, your concentration buckles, and you're suddenly flailing around inside, with no landmark save for a familiar hatred of yourself and the ego that made you line up and race. You slow down and turn on yourself." Often running books dwell on glory, but this one, refreshingly, wrestles with grief, failure, and fading.
354	1	I have a major literary crush on Parker. I'm a sucker for a funny line, and Parker had a lot of those.
531	2	This is probably Gary Snyder's magnum opus - his Leaves of Grass. It's been forty years in the writing, and though it may no longer be subject to revision, it seems like the summation of a lifetime of study, and writing. Mr. Snyder refers to it as a "sutra," which is a Buddhist tract, akin to a gospel - it's the good news. And this is the good news of its title - Mountains and Rivers Without End, based on a scroll painting of the same name, that begins with a verbal trip through the scroll and out into the world from 1956 to 1996. Gary Snyder is very much of the "no ideas but in things," school, and though some of his descriptions were hard for me to visualize, others were so clear as to hover off the page.   Given our current state of climate crisis, the title is hopeful, I hope it's not unduly optimistic.
358	1	One of the best books of emotional exploration.
432	2	When I read this book, I was a young poet myself. Well, as a matter of fact, I still am. What I guess I want to say is: I hadn't found my so-called-voice yet. I had heard from Rilke before, of course. But my aim was only one: to follow Rilke's advices and understand what was missing on my own poems. I didn't expect at all, to change my perspective on so many different subjects, on so many different levels. This small and rich book, somehow gave me personal answers that I hadn't even looked for by that time. It was a pleasant surprise to face what this brilliant poet believed in, while dissipating my own doubts.
800	2	This was a good collection of poetry touching on war, family, love and loneliness. At moments the poems are funny, at other times shocking, but always tender. I enjoyed it a lot and highly recommend.
239	2	My Holy Book ..   you're lost, until you read it.   you're blind, cold, unaware of what surrounds you, and totally confused until you pick up this one and redeem yourself .. Finding life beauty is not that impossible task, just try it hard or feel it hard.
648	2	This book is not pretty. Very little pattern to the page, though what really gets my goat is the clumsiness of her line stops. I think this is the single biggest problem with youngish poets who never concern themselves with the technical side of composition and write purely from the heart; they don't revise anything that is "truly felt." Still, she's got potential. So long as the critics don't murder her with a big pillow-case of acclaim.
613	2	As a reader: His deceptively easygoing, familiar style reminds me of Billy Collins. This collection was refreshing and light.   As an editor: There were several typos in the copy I picked up from my library; extremely disappointing for Graywolf Press.
186	1	Cute, strange, classic Silverstein.
767	2	A wonderful and heartbreaking story on loss and grief. Grief cannot be defined and contained, and so this structure the book has is brilliant. No clear margins, no limits, no chapters, no timing - simply a story that flows through, back and forth in time, just like grief does. Anyone who ever experienced a great loss will understand the poem-meets-prose in this book. Nothing is clear when you are grieving. And it is never clear and obvious when the grieving pauses. And you never know who may be your counsellor. It may, at times, be a thing with feathers.
571	2	Poetry: 5 stars   Illustrations: 5 stars   A lovely volume of selected Maya Angelou poems. For the sake of comprehension, the poems each contain a glossary and an introduction by a long-term colleague of hers at Wake Forest University. Even with these efforts, these poems were written for adults and will not be understood by typical picture-book-aged children, nor will they relate to the content.   This is a picture book for middle school students (or beyond). The illustrations are lovely and will help create interest. The selection of poems is good. The annotations and definitions will aid clarity. This book serves as a solid introduction for that age group to the poetry, and life, of Maya Angelou. Use in a classroom poetry unit, writing workshop, or independently.
222	3	I found out that Natasha Trethewey was chosen to be our next poet laureate and so I looked to see if our library owned anything by her. I was pleasantly surprised to see that we owned this, the book she won the Pulitzer for.   It was everything I hoped for. Trethewey deserves to be the poet laureate - her poems are both personal and universal; she writes about history and the present - all in all, she is excellent. I especially loved what she wrote about her mother.   I know that trying to get folks to read poetry is difficult, but I do highly recommend this book. If you decide to try some of these poems, be sure to read them out loud. That is how poetry should be experienced.
865	3	I was on the prowl looking to read some well-written poetry by a contemporary author when I came upon this work. WHEN THE MOON TAKES OVER THE DREAM is my introduction to the writings of Stjepan Cobets, but I'm sure it won't be my last.   It was evident from the first few lines of verse that this book is a labor of love. No word seemed out of place and the language was smooth and inviting. I never got the impression that the author was using a thesaurus to find words that would fit his rhyme scheme. Every word was carefully chosen and fit snug within the strict meter used with each poem.   I was impressed that the author didn't use this collection to dump a bunch of throwaway poems to fatten up the page count. Although a few of the poems were relatively short, the author's skill showed through. Hours are melt into mornings, Crystal, Toward You, You Meant That Much, and Live in Harmony were among my favorite pieces in the collection. They were very sensual and at the same time classy.   As I was aware that English isn't the author's first language, it didn't surprise me that, occasionally, the wrong word was improperly used. Also, some of the metaphors are overused at times. In fact, some of the lines of poetry were identical to those used in a previous poem. I imagine it wouldn't have been as noticeable if these words didn't appear in the same collection of poems. There is also a lot of hand holding and star gazing. But it did not detract from my enjoyment of the poems.   Overall, I enjoyed this collection of romantic poetry so much that I read it more than once to let the writing soak in. I would definitely recommend it to those looking for poetry with evocative tones.   4 Stars   Disclaimer: I was given a free copy of this book for an honest review.
97	3	At the poetry conference I recently attended, we spent some time discussing patterns of organization for poetry collections. Most people these days think that a collection should have a single unifying theme, but one of the instructors said it can sometimes work to have three or four sections, each with their own tight theme. I'd been trying to get a handle on this collection for the last few days, and it helped when I realized that this book does have a completely different theme for each of the four sections.   The first section, and for me the most compelling, are poems about the history of science. There are several poems about Darwin, as well as others about his scientific contemporaries. My favorite poem in this section was "The Last Dodo in Iowa," in which Greger describes walking through the ratty natural science museum in Iowa City until she suddenly comes face-to-face with that remarkable specimen. (When I was there, it felt like I may have been the only visitor in the past hundred years, and Greger captures that feeling very well.)   The second section are poems of childhood, and based on the age of the speaker, I have a feeling they are largely autobiographical. The third and fourth sections consist of poems about Florida and England, respectively, which are the author's two home territories at present.   As for the poetry itself, Greger is a master of the image, but I wasn't able to connect very much with the emotions behind the images. Perhaps she's just not the right poet for me at this time of my life, but I was glad to have an opportunity to read this collection anyway.
715	2	I heard this book reviewed on NPR and was intrigued...YA poetry...YA poetry based on fairy tales? Heaven.   This book or parts of it would be great fun to teach to high school students during a unit on Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty... She touches modern problems with tales from centuries ago.   I did find it interesting....or eery, that often her poems centered around eating disorders.   Read if you want a modern take on fairy tales that haunt your life since you were a child.
331	3	This was a well done, fully-voiced cast performance complete with stage sound effects for added depth. Gave the nostalgia of listening to storytelling on the radio, which I enjoyed as a child. (Oh, how sad am I that Little Orphan Annie's radio show was well before my time!) However, I feel like I need visual queues with Shakespeare. Either taking the time between lines to chew on the dialogue to let it sink in or seeing it performed and having the assistance of setting and acting nuance lead you along. Otherwise, it was much too easy for me to get distracted and tune the words out entirely. Found myself frequently rewinding to catch something I had missed. Thankfully, this is a play I was already familiar with and can use this experience to refrain from listening to any new-to-me Shakespeare until I've first read or watched its visual adaptation.   (Speaking of performances, the version with David Tennant as Hamlet and Patrick Stewart as Claudius will forever be my favorite production of this play. These were the visual cues that came to mind as I listened along.)
386	2	Funny and witty, a cockroach, Archy, was a poet in a former life. He learns how to use the typewriter but cannot reach the shift key or punctuation, so the entire story is told through small letters in free verse. He writes clever entries every day on the typewriter.
427	1	One of the best books on my shelf. Or any shelf, really.
561	2	The best part of this little book is its genre bending nature -- part poem, part narrative, part meditation -- it fed that part of me that is always craving something a little bit different. My biggest complaint was that the first person narration was just self-involved enough to make me feel like I wasn't in the narrator's skin as much as sitting on the couch listening to him.
729	1	A very fun and appropriate little book. The illustrations were marvelous. This one is definitely worth owning.
325	2	any writer who sees sunset as an intellectual phenomenon is my niggah
612	3	Most probably, few poets before Philip Larkin (1922-1985) has stirred the public imagination to such an extent, and to such a varied degree, and with such depth. From the popular aphorism(s) of 'This Be The Verse' to the horrifying bleakness of 'Old Fools', Larkin, according to his own definition of poetry, has touched our hearts by showing his own, however deprived it may seem to be.   Obviously, such a poet has been unfortunately misread by a lot of critics, some who naively searched for some redeeming religious qualities to his poetry and some who underestimated his tone and intent. Larkin belonged, in my opinion, to a post-war generation who had "...grown up to find all Gods dead, all wars fought, all faiths in man shaken..." ('This Side of Paradise', F.Scott Fitzgerald). Larking, if nothing else, capitalised on the complex feelings of disenchantment and disillusion most people from the twentieth-century felt about their lives and many other factors as well, such as their country's administration.   Nevertheless, I have personal qualms about Larkin's poetic vision, beyond his 'unreligiousity'. Is the negative sublime the answer to life's most profound questions? In Larkin's later poetry, such as 'Heads in a Women's Ward' and 'The Old Fools', it is easy to notice how incredibly ridiculous his 'poetic vision' (or lack of, in my opinion) has become. He shows that it is impossible to transcend death. That I might accept. But to try to show that it is impossible to transcend life as well, with such a banal, almost ludicrous, poetic vision, is unacceptable. Even that "vast moth-eaten musical brocade/ Created to pretend we never die" offers more emotional or metaphysical consolation than Larkin's philosophy. Not all good poems about failure are a success, as Larkin would have us believe.   I do not wish to suggest that I did not enjoy most of Larkin's poems. 'Sad Steps', 'Toads', 'Sunny Prestatyn', 'Aubade', 'An Arundel Tomb' and 'Annus Mirabilis' are some of my favourites, for example. They are all excellent poems, that deserve to be read and studied as classics. However, we should not shy away from a correct reading of Larkin's work in this case, especially in the regard of the sexual politics. Some of the criticism being written today is downright outrageous (I would not go as far as condemning Larkin as a 'coward', a sexist or a racist), especially on some free internet 'study sites'. A correct reading is what Larkin himself would have wanted, for better or worse.   To add some irony of my own, Larkin's poetry has 'persisted' well into the twenty-first century. It has transcended the death of its author. Life is much more than simply being 'alive in the flesh'. Fear of death, in my opinion, is as irrational as fear of life.
608	2	While I generally enjoyed the epic poem formatting and the idea of modern day werewolves, I had a lot of problems with this book. The author imagines a world where women exist as tools to control a pack, to use their sex to control the men around them. There are a lack of female characters in this book, and the ones that do exist are merely there as a play thing of the men. The idea that human women would choose to become werewolves in order to lead that type of life is offensive and sexist. I believe his thought that modern women are willing to give up their current lives to be sex slaves is not only misogynistic but hurtful and brings women back hundreds of years.
603	2	My favourite five-star-read of the year!!! <3   Brenna has always been my one of my favourite slam poets on YouTube and magically the one who brought me into the world of slam poems. I adored each and every poem of this book - they spoke to my heart with feelings of redemption, love, strength and rawness that would reside in me for a long time. Can't wait for the next!!!
88	1	I'm reading this piece by piece, as would anyone of sound mind and body. So far, really amazing poems, and an intro that's a good review of tanka and haiku. This is a long-term read, and I don't expect to ever exhaust its contents. I picked it up in Manzanita, Oregon, at the fabulous, great and quirky Cloud and Leaf bookstore. If you're ever in Manzatina, go to the Cloud and Leaf and spend lots of money. Definition of a great book store: always a surprise waiting on one or more of the shelves.   Great Bookstores:   Cloud and Leaf - Manzanita, OR   City Lights - SF, CA   Eliot Bay - Seattle, WA   Fact & Fiction - New Delhi, India   Powells - Portland, OR (fabulous, great, quirky, and gigantic, Powells has outlets that are equally fine.   AA Hussain & Co - Hyderabad, India. Where the shopper is most likely be be crushed by a tower of books, precariously stacked with no particular order - you might find Marilyn Monroe, Robert Bly, and the Ramayana in the same tower. Only the clerks know for sure.   Anyway, Japanese Death Poems - worth owning.
809	2	Find my original review on   my blog   Synopsis   - This book didn't have a synopsis on the cover -   In this non-fiction book, Twain points out all the reasons why the German language is horrible, and suggests reforms.   Review   I know, I know, my synopsis sounds horrible. How can something like that have gotten five stars? Well, if I'd have made it any longer it would've already been a review, which then makes a separate review pointless, doesn't it?   To the point: if you know English and any German, you'll probably love this book. I know I did. Twain points out all the things in the German language that are terrible in a very funny, yet also concise manner. It is so recognizable: things like cases, or tremendously long words (compound words) are discussed.   Additionally to this, in my copy, the English text was translated on the next page into German. Almost as to compare the truth of what Twain was saying. The last half of the book includes some rhymes Twain translated from Heinrich Hoffmanns (those of Struwwelpeter, for those who know that). The rhymes aren't literally translated, but instead stay true to the cadence of the original rhymes. They're a nice addition, though I'm not much of a fan of poetry.   At the very end (in this copy) there is a short discussion (in German). It highlights Twain's travel through Germany and what he wrote while travelling.   All in all, I thought this was a very funny and recognizable discussion of the German language. If you see a copy, pick it up!
322	3	This book was awesome! Why is it not rated higher? I found this book on sale at books a million, and thought "why not?" I am so glad I read it. I loved the way it was written. I loathed Christian for most of the book, now I love him. Life happens and sometimes we forget what's important. Holly is just a freaking mess, talk to man who loves you dearly (jace) and maybe he can help you. I would have liked an epilogue from a few years later to see how things worked out for them all. So yourself a favor and READ THIS BOOK!!!
149	1	Eh. I think I'm just not a dreamy poetry kind of person.
267	3	This book appeals to me on an anthropological level (it brought back a lot of memories of my cultural anthropology classes). The author, however, goes above and beyond to explain (defend?) her culture while maintaining an accusatory tone towards European-American (white) culture. This type of writing is neither unique nor unexpected, so the author's attitude doesn't bother or surprise me. Studying anthropology has definitely made me aware of the pitfalls of ethnocentrism as well as the joys of learning about other cultures. The author does heavily sprinkle Spanish into this work, which can be intimidating if the reader is completely unfamiliar with that language (could be off-putting or alienating for some). A great thing this book offers is an insider's view of a rich and beautiful culture. This culture is not totally unknown to me since I have lived near the South Texas/Mexico borderland all my life, so I enjoyed the familiarity of that particular aspect of the book.
349	1	Brilliant. Will be re-reading and re-reading. Makes me feel wonder at the world, like the best poetry always does.
295	2	These are the perfect-sized poems to put on a post-it note and stick somewhere to remind yourself of what you love or what you need or that it's not your fault or that you're going to survive or or or... Except you'll quickly run out of post-it notes and places to put them because this book is solid gold. Believe the hype.
784	1	I like him very very much.
707	1	Rating: 2.5   I didn't get much out of this, honestly.
592	1	Can you get any more maudlin? Is there any real poetry out there? For christ sake, say yes.
232	2	This pamphlet was one of four winners of the 2014 Cinnamon Press pamphlet competition. I've just read these fourteen poems three times in rapid succession and can see why this narrative sequence impressed the judge so much.   The girl who is missing is Persephone but this is not a hackneyed re-telling of the ancient Greek myth but an account, which could have happened this year or last year of the abduction of a girl   'by a man she should call uncle' Hell p14   The contemporary resonances make it chilling to read. The ninth poem Resolve is about Demeter having gone to Zeus for help but found none.   From IX. Resolve   Outside, Demeter noted the chill,   recalled the coldness of his words.   The girl will adjust in time.   There is nothing you can do.   Not one fact established,   no questions asked - time, place,   But of course: she only had to think   of Europa, Leda, the others; to him   girls were for taking, raping.   The other aspect of this pamphlet which enthralled me was the way Demeter's unleashing of intemperate weather can so easily be translated into our current climate change.
264	2	It has been ages since I read a book of poetry. I really enjoyed this one. I think what I liked best was the everyday, ordinary quality of these poems.Some of my favorites:   Eastern Standard Time   The Long Day   Breathless   Care and Feeding   and for your enjoyment:   The Drive   There were four of us in the car   early that summer evening,   short-hopping from one place to another,   thrown together by a light toss of circumstance.   I was in the backseat   directly behind the driver who was talking   about one thing and another   while his wife smiled quietly at the windshield.   I was happy to be paying attention   to the rows of tall hedges   and the gravel driveways we were passing   and then the yellow signs on the roadside stores.   It was only when he began to belittle you   that I found myself shifting my focus   to the back of his head,   a head that was large and expansively bald.   As he continued talking   and the car continued along the highway,   I began to divide his head into sections   by means of dotted lines,   the kind you see on the diagram of a steer.   Only here, I was not interested in short loin,   rump, shank or sirloin tip,   but curious about what region of his cranium   housed the hard nugget of his malice.   Tom, my friend, you would have enjoyed the sight -   the car turning this way and that,   the sunlight in the trees,   the man going on about your many failings,   and me sitting quietly behind him   wearing my white butcher's apron   and my small, regulation butcher's hat.   So Roald Dahlesque. I love it!
326	3	Told entirely in senryu (Japanese poetic form same as haiku but about life foibles instead of nature). This is the story of a cat who is adopted from a shelter and adjusts to life with his new home/owner. Excellent resource for teaching haiku/senryu poetry. Also recommend for cat lovers. The sequel, Won Ton and Chopstick: A Cat and Dog Tale Told in Haiku, is even better. This is the cat version of Dogku, which was published several years prior to this picture book.
121	2	This is a funderful collection of funny poems--though they're not all funny; the dogs tell us what we need to know about how they feel--including how much they miss us and what they really think about our urge to dress them up like humans... I laughed and laughed! Except when I read a poem like Just a Head's Up, which is thought provoking. This is highly recommended--and it's a great gift for people who love dogs, but don't understand them. Possibly you know someone like that.
157	2	Unyielding in its utter intimacy and delicacy. Shire at her best. (Thankfully I bought this previously, seeing as it's now out of print.)
826	2	Anyone who loves poetry should carve out some time for this new Teen Ink anthology. Covering a variety of subjects and forms, Leave This Song Behind is a light but thoughtful read. The fresh teen voices will dance off the pages and into your soul- leaving behind their lyrical songs, just as the title suggests. "The Sistine Closet" broaches the subject of sexual identity. "Dear Me, From Me" is an inner dialogue written to show how we are all our own worst enemy. "Impatient" discusses how some things in life can't be rushed through. "Where Dandelions Roar" is a deep piece about suicide. And "Confession" is written as a private confessional about one's inner most feelings, hopes, and dreams. These were just a few of my favorite poems from this compilation. I think others will agree that the young poets featured in this book all have a voice worth hearing, no matter the subject matter.   Thank you to the authors for sharing a little piece of themselves with us. Also a huge thank you to the publisher and NetGalley for arranging for this review opportunity.
791	2	I read a review for the sequel to this book, so decided to read the original. It is very cute and a quick read. A HS baseball player suffers from mono for a season and finds comfort and entertainment in poetry. He tries many different forms with varying degrees of success. I thought it might work for my students, but it is definitely a HS read-- a Love that Dog for the 16+ crowd. I liked it.
557	3	I'm a huge Tolkien fan, so last year I got his translation of Beowulf, but I'm not in a good position to rate this book. For whatever reason, while I consider myself a reasonably avid reader, I hadn't previously read Beowulf. As a result of not having read it before I really can't say if it is a good translation or not.   There is the translation, then Notes on the text of the Translation, Commentary, Sellic Spell, and the Lay of Beowulf.   Beowulf as a story is enjoyable, reads well, and provides some potential insights into the impact on Tolkien's own works (dragons, evil, treasure stealing people, kings, honor, warriors), but I can't say if it is better than other translations or not.   For academics, I would imagine the notes on the text of the Translation would be interesting, but for me, not so much so. I couldn't read through them. The same was true for me relating to the commentary on the translation.   The Sellic Spell is a work of Tolkien's based on Beowulf and a final and original version are included.   The Lay of Beowulf is also a work by Tolkien and similar in what he did with the Lays of Beleriand retelling his own stories of Beren and Luthien and the Children of Hurin in the Lay style.
465	2	I tend to be a bit harsher on books in verse than normal books, because even though verse tends to be so much more powerful and I think it's a really interesting way of telling a story, I also tend not to always know exactly what's going on. This was very unique - I know it's the only nonfiction verse in book I've ever heard of, let alone read.
73	3	I was excited to read this as my poetry choice for the 2017 Read Harder challenge. The challenge was actually to read a collection of poetry in translation on a theme other than love--now, this is not in translation (though I may look for that if I end up having more time), but the millennial voice is one that is far enough away from my typical poetry reads that I almost feel (at least, I'm told that I must feel) that today's young people live in an entirely different world from old people like me. That's my justification and I'm sticking to it.   Other reviewers don't like the "Tumblr spacing" but really, who cares. The themes are real and raw, the images are excruciatingly and explicitly drawn, and especially some of the parts about grief are supremely accomplished and resonant.   It's not perfect. The verse is naive, probably not deliberately so. There are well-worn concepts redone. There is cliche. But there are enough hits here to make the misses completely irrelevant. It's 3.5 stars for me for the collection on its own, with that extra half star cheerfully given for the author's searing hot potential.
348	2	Zuniga's a slam poet, so a lot of her poems are too "talky" for me. Worth reading just for "Sweetheart" and "How to Stay Celibate."
105	1	Incredibly beautiful.
452	2	This was my introduction to Wilson. Or, no, that's not the word. This book was, for me, the annunciation of Wilson. There is in him a clutching talent, words with which to grip you but hold you at a distance. It's good stuff.
502	3	3 Stars.   Have to say, a little disappointed with this one. I've adored Lang Leav's first two poetry books, but this is mainly republishing those and adding a few new poems and some prose that I didn't enjoy at all. I still love her work, but this just wasn't what I expected. To conclude, I'm going to put my favourite poem from her work below:   Sea of Strangers   In a sea of strangers,   you've longed to know me.   Your life spent sailing,   to my shores.   The arms that yearn   to one day hold me,   will ache beneath   the heavy oars.   Please take your time   and take it slowly;   as all you do   will run its course.   And nothing else   can take what only -   was always meant,   as solely yours.   Lang Leav - Memories, p. 97 (also in Love & Misadventure and I think Lullabies, though I'm not sure)
436	1	Oh, Seamus. What can I say? He chronicles "the must and drift of talk".
377	3	I gave this book five stars because it's been a wonderful chore reading something that I don't get it - not by a long shot. It is, in fact, incomprehensible. Not that I don't understand the words - they are in english, not that I don't understand whole sentences, and even find some of them beautiful and moving; I just don't understand what any of the poems is supposed to be about, except, perhaps, the futility of any poem being about any thing. I've tried. I went back into Mr. Salumun's past work, and found poems I understood. Found one poem, The Shepherd, to be quite beautiful; beautiful and scary. And I've discovered that Mr. Salumun has some highly prestigious fans, so they must understand what I don't. The back cover of the book contains the sentence: In The Blue Tower, language is remade with tenderness and abandon. I'm not sure I know what that means, either, but I took it as a sort of clue.   The collection has a cast of characters that repeat through the 55 poems, and the poems do seem to track a life, but... As an experiment I took the third line of the first ten poems and constructed a new poem - it seemed to make as much total sense as any of the other poems in the book. And then I thought I found the key in the 47th poem in the collection, and oddly enough, a poem in which I could suss out a disjointed sort of meaning. The key was this quote: "Art is a present the only construction complete unto itself, about which nothing more can be said, such is its richness, vitality, sense, wisdom. Understanding, seeing. Describing a flower: relative poetry more or less paper flower. Seeing." And so I stepped back from meaning, looked at a random poem as a construction, and found some sort of evocative sense, until I moved on to the next poem, and decided: these are not evocative, they're a jumble.   And there you have it, if the brilliance is only seen by a few is it brilliant? Yes, it is.
802	1	4.5 stars
482	3	I have to admit I wasn't up to date on my mythology, and had to stop and refresh it early on just so I could compare Elliott's delightful prose to the historical tale. From what I can tell, he did well. (Hey look, I can rhyme too. ;) ) Freed from the confines of traditional storytelling or novel writing form, Bull is written entirely in various styles of poetic verse. Built on the foundation of the Minotaur's original legend, Elliott took free creative reign to conceptualize the characters' emotions and the understated day to day that was excluded in the traditional version. Filling in blanks that didn't already have a story surrounding them allowed him the ability to grow the story into his own while still maintaining the integrity of myth.   Each chapter of the book is written from the viewpoint of one of the main characters, with Poseidon leading the charge. Rather like a narrator, his voice seemed to direct the overall story while the individual characters then played their roles. I adored Poseidon's crass, in your face attitude. Elliott cast him with a vicious, snarky flair and a lethal tongue that had me laughing out loud on several occasions. I loved it. I loved all of it! As someone who, as I've already admitted, is not a big mythology or history buff I have to say that I wish more people cover such topics in this manner. I would totally be able to understand and engage with the material if more authors chose this kind of style to relate their subjects in. Elliott, Got anymore tricks up your sleeve?! You legitimately are on to something here and could have an even more massive following if you felt inclined to gift us with more history lessons or mythological tales told in your easy and lilting manner. Just saying....   Thanks so very much to the author, his publisher, and to NetGalley for granting me this advance review opportunity. I reviewed this in e-copy, but can not wait to get my hands on a print copy when it comes out later this year. This is most definitely a keeper I can see myself wanting to read many times over.
155	2	Text: 4 stars   Illustrations: 3 stars   Entertaining introduction to list poems. A brief explanation of list poems, which cleverly uses several list poems, followed by many examples. Kids will relate to the subject matter of the poems, many of which are humorous.
33	2	It's amazing how the poems from this book sink into the depths of one's consciousness. Often I find myself absentmindedly murmuring lines from "Sister for Sale," or "Nobody loves me, Nobody cares, Nobody picks me peaches and pears."
614	2	I wish I could give this 4.5 stars. The language at times feels a bit self-indulgent, but aside from that minor criticism, this piece brilliantly illustrates the beauty and grotesqueness of life, family, pain, and the spinning carousel of mental illness.
327	3	I've loved Bo Burnham since 2010 when he released his first comedy special Words, Words, Words. I've downloaded a few of his songs and watched his newest special what when it was released on Netflix. When I discovered he was releasing a poetry book I knew I had to buy it, and though it took me a little while to pick it up when I finally did I was not disappointed.   There is a variety of poetry in this book. Truly deep introspection, romantic declarations, insults, farts, observation, and clever as all hell comedy. Bo Burnham has created a collection of amazing poetry that can make you think, nod, and crack up all at the same time. In addition to the poetry there are illustrations from Chance Bone pertaining to the poetry that gives the reader a good image of what the poem speaks of. The two of these comedians together is a truly great combination.   Some of my favorite poems were "I Fuck Sluts", "Your Mom", "Us", and "Sharks." I say that these are my favorites loosely, since I loved all of the poems in this book. Those are just the ones I thought were especially clever and funny.   I hope Bo Burnham releases another book in the future; I'll be there to read it!
237	1	Probably one of my favorite books when I was a kid!
875	2	A nice wee taster of the bard.   Poetry split by subject matter and brief comments on each, reasonable glossary.
567	1	Laugh at yourself and twenty somethings everywhere when you identify too closely with these couplets.
178	2	great collection of alice walker's poems. she frames each major body of work with what was going on in her life then, which has made me appreciate it even more. lovely.
7	1	Wonderful!
686	2	The poems amused me as a child and stayed with me as an adult. I can remember reciting this one to myself when paying bills during the lean years:   Poor little Ida   Sitting on a fence.   Trying to make a dollar   Out of 99 cents.   I know my children heard me quote:   You love yourself, you think you're grand.   You go to the movies and hold your hand.   You put your arm around your waist   And when you get fresh, you slap your face.   It's not Shakespeare, but if you had me sign your yearbook back then (or autograph book--remember those?), you might have gotten something from this book.
100	1	No Rating. Just wasn't my cup of tea.
374	1	wow very predictable. why did this win the American Book Award?
446	2	I think this would be excellent for classrooms, for teaching children about concrete poetry or showing them that poetry in general doesn't have to be stuffy, serious, or full of bad rhymes.   Beyond that, though, I think older audiences will find the poems too simplistic and sometimes pointless, and may not be as engaged.
642	1	Bukowski and cats, what more could you want?
2	2	I could read this book 100 times and never grasp all the meaning. Gibraan is a poet and philosopher. You'll be touched and you'll grow in wisdom. Can't give it enough stars.
703	1	One of the few titles my daughter requested by name.
881	1	Love this poet and his thought strings. Excellent.
849	1	ye olde crappe.   thank god he's dead -- he can't write anything else.
481	2	This is a great collection of poems that throws Barbie into an unexpected light. Duhamel imagines the doll as a religious zealot, a beatnik, a therapy-obsessed trainwreck, and in dozens of other scenarios that are equally illuminating and provocative.
362	1	I did a report on this book in my English Composition 2 class
850	2	I especially enjoyed the Endpoint poems, which are memoir-in-verse. The rest of the book is good, too, but not quite as compelling.
695	1	Uneven - some amazing writing and some not so stellar because it probably wasn't intended for other eyes.   pg. 164
515	1	This is probably one of the best collections of poetry I've read.   "The time of minor poets is coming. Good-by   Whitman, Dickinson, Frost. Welcome you whose   fame will never reach beyond your closest family,   and perhaps one or two good friends gathered after   dinner over a jug of fierce red wine . . . while the   children are falling asleep and complaining about   the noise you're making as you rummage through   the closets for your old poems, afraid your wife   might've thrown them out with last spring's cleaning.   It's snowing, says someone who has peeked   into the dark night, and then he, too, turns towards   you as you prepare yourself to read, in a manner   somewhat theatrical and with a face turning red,   the long rambling love poem whose final stanza   (unknown to you) is hopelessly missing.   -After Aleksandar Ristovic"
857	2	I'm not a poetry reader, especially modern poetry. I just don't get most of it. But this guy I think would be a good author to recommend to people who like Christian poetry.
260	3	The consistency of built up emotions of the role reversals between the servitude of the peasants that are juxtaposed with the role reversal of the bourgeoisie provide a conflict between authority and those who have laws and rules preemptively set forth to abide. There is constant screaming and yelling between the confusion of family members and those who feel they are the authority which creates a peril between the household. We see that those in power who create the rules and think they are above the rules will end up having a set of rules drawn up by the masses that revolt.
161	3	This book is pretty much every teenage girl fantasy come true. Angela Ardis was an ordinary woman who decided to write a letter to 2Pac, when he was in prison. The whole thing was a result of a bet Ardis had with her co-workers. She was prepared to lose it but then, shockingly, 2Pac called her back.   And this is how 2Pac and Ardis became pen-pals. 2Pac had quite some time on his hands, so he could write her letters and poems to entertain himself, and Ardis was having an epistolary affair with the world number 1 bad boy. They were both winning.   Women love celebrities and they love men in prison. A celebrity in prison? It hardly gets better than this. The reason women love men in prison is because men in prison are what women want men to be. They won't try to have sex with you for the simple reason that they can't, they are behind bars. Men in prison can only talk and listen, words is all that they have. So all their concentration goes into talking and listening. They will write you letters! What other man will write you letters these days? Only a man in prison!   Taking all that into consideration, you will be hardly surprised to learn that Ardis ditched the perfectly sweet guy she was dating and got carried away.   It reminded me of my private obsession with 2Pac. When I was about 13 I was quite positive we would get married one day. If you think it a bit weird that a little white girl in post-communist Poland was in love with 2Pac, let me just tell you that the only language this little book has been translated to was Polish. There was quite of a cult following of 2Pac in Poland back in the day.   What's interesting about 2pac's and Ardis' correspondence is that after the first letter Ardis sent him, which consisted of a few rather uninspired lines, 2Pac was relocated a few times and Ardis' letters weren't reaching him. This, however, didn't stop him from writing to her. 2Pac was going deeper and deeper into the whole thing without any activity on her part. This leads me to conclusion that Ardis could've been anyone. 2Pac was just lonely and sad, and probably quite bored. This provided entertainment and opportunity to create an ideal partner who he could write to.   I mean, their whole correspondence is soft porn intercepted with assurances about how 'real' their thing is. There is no real substance to it, no firm base to build any meaningful relationship. It was just like an endless r'n'b song where they constantly repeated how much they were feeling each other. It seemed to me it just provided 2Pac with an outlet for his creativity. He was an artist and on that occasion he decided to play a game of seduction.   At some point, 2Pac admits to Ardis that there is another woman in his life, whom he calls Queen. He then goes into some very illogical, juvenile explanations of how all three of them could live happily ever after. Ardis, despite her slight infatuation and 2Pac's celebrity status, calls bullshit. Then 2Pac complains that women always say they want honesty but when they get it, they can't handle it. Of all the stupid lines, this one must be my favourite. Women want honesty, but not just in words, in actions too. If you are a dick and tell me honestly about it, it doesn't make it better. It doesn't make you an honest man, you're actually still a dick.   Anyway, beware of men who call you Queen. That's usually a sign of something fishy going on. I was dating this guy once who was calling me a princess and telling me I was his only Princess. And guess what, I WAS his only Princess. Because the other two were called, respectively, Queen and Wifey.   'Inside a Thug's Heart' was quite a short book. If I don't stop writing this review soon, it will probably be just as long as the book. Ardis tried to stretch it out by including her reveries that featured 2pac, their imaginary conversations and loves scenes. Ah, I remember... I used to have loads of those with Ginuwine when I was 16.   And you know how the whole thing ended? She went to visit him in prison, they kissed, and then he never called her or written her again. Men, eh?   Sometime later he got shot, so girlfriend could at least cash in on the whole thing.   As a matter of fact, this gives me an idea... Do you know of any celebrities that are currently in prison? Didn't Wesley Snipes get busted for tax evasion or something?
441	1	Powerful. Breathtaking. Everyone should read this book.
338	2	This book is burdoned with the popular opinion that it is too difficult for most people to read, which is unfortunate because it may be one of the best works I have ever read. Milton was blind when he dictated this book and one can fathom that it could have only been created in a mind with a completely blank slate. I can't say enough good things about this book, but it is one that everyone should give a chance.
85	3	A collection of approximately three hundred poems from the T'ang Dynasty. Some very beautiful poetry, with themes including the beauty of nature, the joy of friendship, the sorrow of being separated from one's loved ones, romantic love, and growing old. My only lament is that since I don't read Chinese, I'm unable to really experience the way the poems were originally meant to sound.
840	2	At moments brilliant but mostly drug addled crap, Mexico City Blues is Jack Kerouac's career in microcosm. There are times when his poetry and prose are truly great, when he can incite or captivate or evoke a sensation like a master, but most of the time he is a hack.   I know, I know, y'all love him and think he is a literary god, but he really isn't. He and his friends (he is no Ginsberg or Ferlengetti, after all) came at a moment when they could do anything they wanted with no worries about editors or quality. In some moments and in some cases this was a boon, but it was not always so, and Kerouac's ouevre is too littered with the latter for him to be truly great. Read Mexico City blues and you'll see what I mean.   (p.s. it's more fun to read in French.)
419	1	signing at the store 9-8-08
261	2	There are some wonderful gems in here. My favorite has to be "Survival."   "Don't let this be a funeral. Teach yourself to navigate the wound."
390	2	These poems are Whitmanian, vast in their scope, wild with brag and tenderness, whether they're celebrating the immensity of love and sensuality, invoking the inevitability of death, or recalling again and again how existence is luminous, shimmery, persistent.
190	3	I wish I had had queer poet Emilia Nielsen's collection of poetry Surge Narrows when I was land-locked and stuck living in Onterrible (I say that with love, I promise). Maybe it would have been too painful, though, to be reminded of the ocean while riding on a boat, of "fac[ing] / forward eager for the sting on my skin." The collection is such a rich evocation of the animals and plants and landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. ...   I would highly recommend this book for those who love or are native to the west coast. It's so lovely to read a poem that compares "unruly hair" to old man's beard (it's a kind of moss that's especially useful as nature's toilet paper--you're welcome). To me, reading these poems is like a trip home, to the woods behind the house where I grew up, to the landscapes I drove through on road trips, to the secluded beaches and forests I miss when I'm living in the big city. If you need another reason to pick up this book, let me tell you Emilia Nielsen has top-rate taste in fellow Canadian women poets; she quotes Roo Borson ("I think my heart is a sad device") and Phyllis Webb ("My universe opens. I close. / And open, just to surprise you.") Are not you convinced?...   To see the full review, check out my blog: http://caseythecanadianlesbrarian.wor...
595	1	Yellow Bird   (...) Why is art the first class to be dropped by any public school?   Why are music rooms empty in junior highs   from New York City to Nashville, Tennessee?   How can you burn CD after CD after CD   while filling your tank with an infinite amount of gas   like the war is worth funding   but music isn't?   Our culture is a prison   and the only one with a key is little Emmy Jones   covering every inch of her standardized test   with the best number-two pencil version of Starry Night   anyone has ever seen.   (...)   Picasso said he'd paint with his own wet tongue   on the dusty floor of a jail cell if he had to.   We have to create.   It is the only thing louder than destruction.   It's the only chance the bars are gonna break,   our hands full of color   reaching towards the sky,   a brush stroke in the dark.   It is not too late.   The starry night   is not yet dry.
177	2	This book absolutely gutted me. Though the writing is plain and straightforward, it strikes right at the heart. The best book of poetry I have read in a while. I devoured it cover-to-cover in one sitting and will likely read it again -- actually, I will probably buy my own copy rather than keep requesting it from the library.
353	1	Fun, fun, fun poetry!
66	3	This is everything a book of poems should be: funny, touching, profound, and alive with image and language. Three sections written as prose poems trace the ghetto displaced persons past, the relatives who were always around, the poet's bar mitzvah, and life with his wife and child, but not necessarily in an orderly procession. Worth reading, even if you wouldn't normally read "poetry."
647	2	I think everyone should read this. It's touching and a great depiction of the time it takes place in.
633	1	Really fascinating glimpse into Medieval mores and values.
153	3	I enjoyed God Went to Beauty School. The idea of God as a person with good days and bad is beautifully portrayed in the many poems in the book. I've always liked the idea of God as vulnerable and I think this book will resonate well with most teens. It's interesting that Rylant's first poem deals with God's concern with people thinking he was being disrespectful by calling his shop "Nails by God." Rylant may be anticipating criticism of her book. This opening poem also talks about hands - God thinks they are one his best creations. Something most of us take for granted and yet if you stop to think just how extraordinary our hands are!   God experiences the everyday ordinary things that we do: God catches a cold, God goes rollerblading, God gets a dog; God has trouble with a furniture order. God wonders about many of the same things we wonder about. In the poem, God Found God, He is in a church in Boston that is beautiful and peaceful. There are great stained glass windows but "God knew better than to look at any of the crosses. He was still trying to figure that all out." God is forgiving and hopeful. In God Has A Cousin, God talks about Lucifer, his cousin. God doesn't hold grudges. He still hopes his cousin will come back.   The final poem, God Dies, tries to make sense of the world for God and for us. Like us, God tried really hard to get things perfect. Like us, it was His first time. And things did not work out as planned. And He and we should remember to enjoy life, as imperfect as it may be. When describing the horror of the story of Cain and Abel, God notes "It should be mentioned that this was before Lucy relocated to more southern regions." None of the blame game here
434	2	I started reading this after it was loaned to me and tried to keep an open mind as I had never really read poetry, I must say I was pleasantly surprised, I found myself relating to some of the words, I was happy I had taken the time to read it
631	1	Dark fairytales that pretty much hold true to the original endings.
112	1	Photographs are wonderful and go well with Langston Hughes' words.
142	3	The more preparation one has before reading this play, the more pleasure will come of it. I was helped a great deal by how to read and understand Shakespeare.   Example: The first line of the play is "Who's there?", which we learn is significant because so much of the play is about identity and false identity.   Example: The first line of the play is spoken by a soldier on some ramparts. That the play begins and ends in a military setting, with soldiers speaking is also significant.   So, just from the very first line with two words, big themes are introduced that help understand the play. And it just continues. If one gets a bit of help, they can notice the recurrence of these themes and appreciate it that much more..
339	1	I enjoyed these vibrant poems that bring to life the ancient Greek world, even though they were reputed to be obscure and difficult.
586	2	"It does not impress me that I have   a mind.   Chance amuses me.   Coincidence makes me laugh   out loud.   Fate weighs me down   too heavy." Will, pg 60.   I read this on the tube today. It's sweet, I feel poetry is best read on public transport.
718	1	"Moving on, as a concept, is for stupid people, because any sensible person knows grief is a long-term project. I refuse to rush. The pain that is thrust upon us let no man slow or speed or fix."
421	1	A fabulous collection of poems.
628	2	I'll admit, my subjective love of this book connects to the subject matter: personal, powerful, gripping insight into the world of Hughes and Plath. However, objectively this book is made up of solid, brilliantly composed poetry. This volume truly showcases Hughes command and mastery. I could read each work again and again.
44	2	Again, Kimiko Hahn takes my breath. Her poems are as much symphonies as they are exhumations.
376	3	I find Myung Mi Kim's Under Flag quite difficult to understand. To put it bluntly, I can't wangle a meaning out! Perhaps my biggest problem understanding the text stems from Kim's frequent use of sentence fragments, Korean that has been spelled out phonetically in English characters (but lacking an English translation), and what I consider to be strange or spooky diction. As a result, Kim's writing style is notoriously complicated and displeasing to me. And that's not all. I also found the wordplay distracting. Just when a point is about to be made, a string of similar sounding words overwhelm the logic of the line. For no particular reason. Upsetting. I'll try again next year.
262	1	I've already read No Matter the Wreckage, but to find this one poem in a book of its own made my heart melt.
248	2	This is an excellent story told in unique and captivating verse. It's relatable and covers many aspects of the young, black male experience. Good for the sporty and nonsporty.
134	2	The dominant themes in this book are love, loss, grief, and marriage. The three poems I absolutely loved were They Kissed Us Each Goodbye (about the poet's grandparents), What They Don't Tell You About Love, and Finish Line. These, in particular, were haunting and powerful.
357	1	Really a 3.8
90	2	Amazing! Ten stars would not even be enough. Beautiful illustrations dance with the entrancing poems. An awesome book to use as a mentor text.
356	1	I'm not all that attracted to prayers for toddlers, in part, because I recognize how easy it is to get them to repeat them.
397	1	English 221: British Literature I
510	2	The most interesting part of this book was the differences in how each poet approached the translations. Some were more literal, some were more poetic, but all with that recognizable Anglo-Saxon flair.
476	2	Schmid's illustrations make this book, which feels like a Silverstein wannabe. Rosenthal is an awesome writer, but it's like all her little scraps of humor got jammed into this volume which is not really a children's book, not really an adult book
129	2	I LOVED this book. Very honest, real and relatable. I think there's something for every woman in this book as she talks about love, healing, trauma and loss.
118	2	The poems in this collection are darkly personal. Described as "poetic memoir," the book tells the story of the poet's self discovery, from her difficult childhood to finding healing through poetry. It's not a barrel of laughs, by any stretch, but all the more rewarding for that.
131	1	Carson's introductions are reason enough to read these translations.
505	1	"I have my mother's mouth and my father's eyes; on my face they are still together." u g h
426	3	Irina was a physicist imprisoned by the Soviet Union when her poetry was deemed "anti-Soviet agitation and propaganda." This is a collection of her poetry written in, and smuggled out of her labor camp. Sometimes a book should be read because of its importance, and not so much based solely the quality of the writing.   There were a few really great poems in here, and a lot of mediocre ones, but they all illuminated what life was like inside a Soviet labor camp in the mid 80s, and what that sort of life does to someone.
766	1	when I was teaching, my first graders LOVED these poems. One of their favorites was about a peanut butter sandwich. A classic!
534	2	I read this for my boyfriend my first year in college. It's hard to say which I remember more fondly at this point. Well, his father was sweet.
277	1	I re-read this every year.
601	3	Let bygones be bygones. Whats done is done.   A good read. Lots of great imagery used, though getting used to the poems takes a while. Plot wise Achilles is an angry jerk, and Hector is a decent person.   It starts will into the Trojan War, at its 9th year. It includes a lot of the mythos surrounding the Greek gods some of which is the pantheon is one really dysfunctional family. All of the gods are scared of Zeus but try to sneak things around him. Most of the Greek gods exemplify certain attributes and then act like teenagers about most other things. The war can be pictured as a chess game by Zeus with only him in the know of why it will turn up the way he makes it. While the Trojans are treated a little badly by Homer, Hector is portrayed as a much nobler and outstanding person than all the Achaeans. He cares for his wife and his young child. Achilles, well, Achilles rages and that pretty much sums him up.   It does get repetitive but considering that it was originally sung by memory, this makes a lot of sense. Though the one thing I found really irritating was the small little histories given about every person killed. Some of them are characters you only hear of because they get offed. However I do understand the importance of the male line to ancient Greek culture so the inclusion of this is understandable.   The translation was easy to read, and the edition of the book has nice thick, sturdy paper. This one came in a box set so hunt around a bit and you can get it and the Odyssey for a little more than $20.
674	1	Obviously this is a great story, but I couldn't help think how much would be chopped out by editors if it was written today.
460	2	I have always been a bit of a fan of Shakespeare, and once I got into this one, it was no different. The scandal and story was a little hard to follow because of the sheer number of characters, but it was a good story none the less!
336	1	1982   I think I like it more as I get older, and see it quoted all over the place. The lines are lovely, the rhythm soothing, even if there's not much there. I think it's funny that Lancelot is described, but not The Lady.
824	2	In his 2014 collection The Prisoners, Ace Boggess used poetry to communicate the complex emotions that prisoners go through when they are locked up. This collection is billed as his follow-up to that one, and it consists largely of poems written during the first two years after his own release from prison. The Ultra Deep Field of the title is a highly-detailed image of a very small section of space captured by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2003. Boggess is using this extremely close-up view of galaxies far, far away as a metaphor for the mysteries of the human heart and mind: "how better to seek out the Infinite/ than exploring farthest bubble edges of the finite?"   It took me several readings of The Prisoners to realize how little the poet himself appears in that collection of poems. He is merely a presence guiding us through the world of the prison and explaining to us what we find there. This collection is much different. Once released into a world of wide-open spaces where he can be alone with his thoughts, Boggess turns his camera inward and examines the universe inside himself. This tone is set from the very first poem (one of my favorites), "Ask Away": "ask me what I did to deserve this &/ what I did not do when the corner choir sang its shadows," Boggess writes. "ask also about softness &/ how easy it is to name those better times." Boggess is known for his question poems, in which he answers found questions in highly unique ways. Here he is inviting the reader to ask personal questions and hear the answers, an interesting choice when there is actually not a single question poem included in this collection.   This collection isn't as tightly focused as The Prisoners. We skip around from subject to subject and time period to time period, much like Dorothy skipping down the Yellow Brick Road in another favorite of mine, "Watching the Wizard of Oz in Prison." This means that the reader is never bored, but the poems don't build up to the same level of intensity as in the earlier collection. Instead, we are drifting through space, marveling at the comets and asteroids as they go by, but never lingering too long in one place. And as we travel, "we share an infinite serenity/ an instant of wellness in this unwell world."*   *from "Nor'Easter"
774	1	Brilliantly written, entertaining 'poem' about the "superfluous man."
156	2	For a slim collection of poems, Silencer certainly packs a punch.   Touching upon history, current events, and future hopes, Wicker has a voice that needs to be heard.   With thanks to Mariner Books/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
56	3	I read this in one sitting last night. I really enjoyed it. I found it funny and thought-provoking. I will read it again more slowly before I have to return it to the library and will most likely pick up my own copy. In the past, I have been exposed to Rylant's work for younger children such as the Henry and Mudge books and one of my all-time favorites The Bookshop Dog. I am looking forward to exploring more of her books for older readers. I think that this book would make a great discussion piece among friends or book groups.
619	2	T.S. Eliot is maybe the first poet I ever read who splits himself into constituent parts and then makes them morph into each other at the drop of a pin, regardless of gender, religion, class and their chronological space in time. Often it confused me, but it's still a vivid and engaging experience. Also it's odd how some of his earlier poems are alluded to (very subtly) in his later poems, if you approach his writing from a certain headspace. E.g. there are a few themes he uses in new ways time and again: birds/birdsong signifying secret iniquity and loss of innocence, Biblical prophets (Ezekiel, Isaiah, Ecclesiastes. I'm not a Bible buff, I had to look most of the allusions up) characters from classical Greek/Roman literature he keeps referencing (Philomela, Phlebas the Phoenician) and death by water and all the fires of Hell courtesy of Dante.   I really liked "Triumphal March" in which Eliot describes a Roman victory parade and joins it seamlessly to the First World War in a surreal and almost Carrollesque way. Also his "Five Finger Exercises" reveal a quirky and comical side that I wasn't previously aware of. How pleasant it is to meet Mr. Eliot, with his "porpentine cat and a wopsical hat."
333	3	I believe that death's song is the colour of wet violets,   violets accustomed to the earth,   because the face of death is green,   and the gaze of death is green,   with the sharp wetness of the leaf of a violet,   and its serious colour of wintry impatience.   wow.   I'm not sure I can say much more. I brought this on a whim and keep picking it up, delving through it and spending so long just going over and over the same poems. Each time I read them I find something different, something beautiful and sad and mind blowing.   I've never enjoyed poetry quite like this before. The only close thing I can think of is my love of Paradise Lost and that's because it was explained to me, I analysed that. This I can pick up and just enjoy.   Language used in this way is just so beautiful.   If you like any form of romance I dare you not to love Neruda and his poems.   This copy has spanish on one side and the translated English on the other so you can enjoy both. Despite my conversational spanish only, I love to say my favourite lines out loud in spanish, they sound gorgeous.   Some of them stay with me and are just perfect:   love is so short, and forgetting so long   just wow. I wish I had a photographic memory so I could memorise some of these all the way through. Though I'd probably quote them all the time and be really pretentious, but god I wish people spoke like this.   Also, he wrote so many poems there just isn't space in one anthology for them all... Some other famous ones are missing which is sad. I may have to buy another anthology of his. But this has a lovely selection, talking about love, death, Chile, revolution, freedom - so much much.   Like this for instance:   That's why Monday burns like Kerosene,   when it sees me show up with my mugshot face,   and it shrieks on its way like a wounded wheel,   trailing hot bloody footprints into the night.   I can't even explain it. I'm not even sure what it means. It just makes me feel so strongly. The emotions I get from this are astounding.   This is some of the most romantic and moving, and sexual and crazy and beautiful poetry I've ever read.   It was like 6 pounds from Amazon. Bargain. Go buy it.
193	2	As one of the feisty old broads associated with this labor of love, I can honestly say those other gals sure know how to write! Me? I have a talent for surrounding myself with terrific people. Really, it's a fun book, and for a great cause. All money is going to CARE International.
790	3	Written as a lullaby following the poetic form of the ghazal, this picture book, grounded in the Biblical tale of Noah and the ark, tells a fictional story of Noah's wife singing her family and all the animals on the ark to sleep at night, despite the stormy weather and turbulent seas. Naamah fulfills a traditional role of helpful wife and loving mother, typical of her time period, which enhances the intentional comfort factor of the book.   The modern illustrations add a lot to the story and provide discussion points such as the weather and identification of the various animals (which are not specifically named in the text). My personal favorite is a two-page image of the night sky filled with a host of constellations.   This book has a lot of potential for education in numerous subjects (The Bible, animals, family life, weather, astronomy, astrology, etc.), which I believe to be its greatest strength. Also, the frequent repetition of words like "sings", "night", and "two" will facilitate young children to learn those words within context.
107	2	Absolutely delightful! Giving it 4.5 stars! "A Fishy Spell" (curse poem) and "Fisherman's Prayer" are two of my favorites. Really helpful notes in the back matter from the author about poetry techniques.
860	2	The latest book by the new Poet Laureate (though not for long, as her new book will be out in the fall). These eloquent and poignant poems deal with two subjects: her mother's death and an African American civil war unit. She uses lots of religious imagery, which, of course, I like. I can't wait for her next book!
203	3	I've had this book for quite a while but never got around to writing a review. Today (July 4th) I picked it off a shelf and decided this was the perfect day for it. The poems in this book are frequently humorous but never light or shallow. Instead, we get the idea that Dickman has thought about life so seriously for so long that he's able to see the humor in every situation. I also love the way his poems go on for pages and pages, seemingly wandering all over the place, before finally coming home in the end and proving he knew where he was going all along. Even if you don't like poetry, you may very well end up liking this book!
735	3	I cannot praise this book enough. I was already a fan of James Franco as a brilliant actor and director but now I know what a stunning wordsmith he also is.   The poems, essays, articles within these pages are raw, deep, inimitable. They'll cut through your soul without asking for permission and after that you will still thank them for it. James Franco's writing touched me with the same fury and force as some renowned late poets did. I won't name names to avoid comparisons because Franco's work is original and unique enough not to need that.   I'll just say that reading this book was a terrific experience. One that I will certainly repeat over and over through the years. James Franco is now among my favorite authors too.   I can't thank NetGalley and the publisher enough for the opportunity of reading an ARC of this work in exchange of my honest review.
124	3	Wild Hundreds is a collection of poetry but more so snapshots of Nate Marshall growing up in Chicago. Like a poetic memoir, I enjoyed that each poem fit into his life story peeling back the layers of being a black male in America and speaking on issues like the homicide rate in Chicago. No poem felt out of place or not needed. My favorite poem was "palindrome" that told a story about his middle school girlfriend backwards. I found myself rereading a couple poems like "Mama Says" and "Prelude" to take a moment to unpack them. Not in a I don't understand these pieces kinda of way but lines like "maybe RIP is a girl, I see her name next to all the bad boys," gave me chills. A quick read you can digest in one sitting on your way to work.
524	2	Occassionally brilliant, but not really my style. Since I'm just getting into poetry, I'll probably read this again a year or so from now to see if my opinion changes. I liked the poems in couplets the best, such as his iconic "So much depends".
669	2	Cindy has put together some of the most inspiring poems that I have had the pleasure of reading. She just seems to have a grasp of words that just hit home - almost seems like you can pick the poem that fits your day. I am looking forward to reading more poems from this talented and gifted Poet.
588	2	Some of these poems are absolutely beautiful and heartbreaking or heart wrenching, just very moving. Some are just so sweet and lovely and others are without a doubt a good poem but not one that stirred me. My favorite section is Walkers with the Dawn.   If nothing else, the book is worth checking out based on the illustrations alone. They are absolutely beautiful. Some are stronger than others but I think it's more to go along with the poem it's accompanying rather than the piece itself.
76	3	great poems! reminds me of why I loved to read books of poetry (from cover to cover) when I was younger.   my only quibble: the seasonal poems have nothing to do with holidays (so awesome!) but the illustrations for Oct. 31 include halloween imagery. that said, the illustration is small and many will probably miss it.   that said, everyone should read this book and remember what winter is like right now as spring blossoms.
352	1	What can I say? A classic.
238	1	I read this classic poem for the first time when I was in high school.
389	1	Intense, powerful poems: lacerating.
655	1	This was cute, but I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I might. Some of the poems were funny and super true to life. Others were rather dumb.
748	1	Beautifully written and illustrated. Perfect to read with students especially at this time of year.
700	1	Eliot and Pinter have a lot in common. I don't think it makes any sense until you have people reading it aloud. And if they're at all good, it's great.
458	2	Not rating because audiobook format & narrator unfairly unhurt my perception of a work that I think I would've greatly enjoyed in book format. The language is complex, the themes and subjects all over the place, and some things are better read then listened to.
694	1	these poems are really really good and funny and happy and enjoyable. it's not wallace stevens good but i'd give it 5 stars otherwise. read it. i wish there was more of it.
825	1	Beautiful. Has some of my favorite quotes.
84	1	Loved the journey of Jack that starts as a reluctant writer to a full fledge poet.
574	1	This book focuses on the exploration of writing poetry, not the study of poems or poets
607	2	Shakespeare's writing is rather enjoyable and quote worthy moments occur on every page. I was surprised with how much fun I had reading this, it even made me laugh, and while some scenes were a bit ridiculous the plot has a great pace and Hamlet, famously, poses the great question of action or inaction in a brilliant way.
275	2	Later, when your lungs filed with liquid, you might have said love, you might have said leave. I said I love you too and left the room. There was no ice storm, no helicoptered-in help, no Hollywood end. Just a gasp and then no more you, which meant the end of me too. (p.54)
760	1	I picked it up because we have a cat named Luna (well, Queen Luna Grey DeLisle, whom I usually call Lunabelle, but still). At first I wasn't quite down with the rhyme, but the rhythm really grew on me, and I liked the slightly changing refrain quite a bit by the end. Oh, and it's chock full of cats, so that's good. There's also a really interesting quality to the art, a kind of gauzy soft-focus that I really liked.   Library copy.
404	1	great book by a great poet
445	1	A wonderful selection from my favourite poet.
179	2	Beautifully written. Amazing illustrations. My favorite kid friend in Connecticut loved it.
305	3	What do you get when you have a person who wakes up completely forgetting everything from before; a thief with a lisp, a blind eye, and deaf in one ear; a grandmother with a stroke; a dumb criminal who talks through a hand puppet; and horrible secrets? You get a David Lindsay-Abaire play, that's what you get.   Fuddy Meers takes all of these elements and tries to tie them together piece by piece in the midst of strong feelings of hatred from lots of the characters. That is, we get madcap energy mixed with pain and longing with a healthy dollop of general confusion all meant to elicit laughter and tears. Well, laughter definitely (this is the "in spite of what's actually happening I'm laughing" type of laughter too). Tears, heart-string pulls ... not so much. There's too much wild and crazy and not enough down to earth time. I mean, even though the Jeff character from Kimberly Akimbo had his idiosyncrasies and a crazy family, he was still able to act as a center of gravity along with the titular character in that play. For Fuddy Meers, though, our lead character doesn't know what is going on and we get the rest of the play from her perspective: weird sound effects coming out of the recesses of her mind, trying to balance the multitude of lies from the convoluted truths that can never just be said and a constant disorientation (like looking in a Funhouse Mirror) that actually prevents the reader (maybe not the audience, but definitely the reader) from getting an emotional connection to the craziness.   Anyway, I would watch this play. But that's about it.
740	1	It's a cute little book. The thing that really makes it lovely is the illustrations, the paper cut work is amazing. I think if it was a more in depth book or a full out narrative but told through those illustrations, it would be amazing.
290	3	108 Haiku written by both legendary haiku writers (Basho, Issa, et al.) to modern writers (Elizabeth Searle Lamb, Jack Kerouac, et al.) followed by Donegan's commentary. This is a wonderful book for anyone interested in reading and writing haiku. I have the Kindle edition; I initially read it through from beginning to end, and now find myself returning to it anytime I feel like reading a brief, meditative piece. Donegan's brief commentaries following each haiku are interesting and informative. I discovered many new haiku writers who I'd not previously heard of, plus several journals of interest to me.
843	2	Ogburn's got range. I like this collection of poems as much as Judy Sierra's Antarctic Antics: A Book of Penguin Poems.
844	2	Allen Ginsberg's classic poem Howl as a graphic novel. Get the novel and get the movie, Howl, starring James Franco, for a adding the graphical depths to a fantastic poem. Poetry and pictures belong together.
637	2	Everyone should own this book. The poems and illustrations perfectly capture the delights of each season, along with the desire to sometimes linger or move on from one or the other. I especially appreciate that the first poem is repeated as the last poem (a coda), which reinforces the cyclical nature of seasons for young readers. *love*
794	2	Really between a 3 & a 4.   Only Mary Oliver can make me see the beauty and life of a snake or jelly fish or of a heron eating a fish. And she always knows how to bring into light the beauty of nature that already exist.
662	1	Not the kind that would inspire. Doesn't have that pang I was looking. And since I grew up in a diff culture, this i find very typical american-highschoolish. So I have to put it down than put up with it halfway down, gave it one-star.
753	2	Nadia Brown presents a collection of poems that is a rich tapestry of words. 'Unscrambled Eggs", is intimate and compelling coming across sometimes as a confession, then again, reflective. Brown's poems often speak to her readers in imperatives, giving the reader quite a lot to ponder.   Ms. Brown has a way with a metaphor, creating an interesting expression of imagery that tickles one's imagination.   I think you will enjoy this book, and like me, you will be revisiting it often. I highly recommend it.
269	2	A journey through the spaces of imagination and experience with a local interest if you have connections with his home area of Leicestershire. That said the journeys spur a readers thinking and can be interpreted in many ways. The reader is even warned not to use these poems as a map!
94	1	unexpectedly moving from an author most now only as a novelist.
413	2	Nikki Giovanni was the first poet, the first author I ever met. She spoke at a conference I went to in high school. I know she is not terribly impressed with that information, but it was life-changing for me. I had never met a writer, never thought about what a poet might look like. She is 11 years older than me, so she must have been about 28, she had a big afro and she appeared very sophisticated to this suburban teenager. All this is to say that I will always have a place in my heart for Giovanni.   This was not my favorite book by Giovanni, but as always some of her poems struck a chord in my life. I am glad I read this book, but I hope the next poetry book I read is more inspiring.
739	2	Eric Carle's collage style is beloved by many, and the illustrations in this anthology are engaging and colorful. Indexing in the back assists readers with finding animals they are studying.   Poems collected by Laura Whipple feature a variety of sources and styles ranging from Shakespeare to Kipling to the Bible to Japanese haiku to American Indian poems and anonymous contributions.   This book has won numerous awards and is highly recommended by several sources we consult in building our reading lists.   These are all strengths of the book. However, for some reason, this work just didn't 'click' with us quite as well as Mary Ann Hoberman's "The Llama who had no pajama". Why? I don't know. We were a bit older when we read "the Llama..." and perhaps that is key. Maybe it just wasn't to our 'taste'. Nonetheless, it is a worthy addition to our poetry collection and I'm sure we'll use it again. Maybe it will take next time?
330	1	mine is not the kindle edition
880	2	Honestly this is 3.5 stars. I somehow didn't connect well with the characters, the parents especially didn't come off as real. The language is superb and the back story of Librarian is quite flattering to anyone who has ever done that job, but I'm not sure how kids will connect.
819	2	Wow...   A HUGE thanks to my professor for recommending this. I am not a poetry enthusiast but this is one of the most amazing books of poetry I've ever been exposed to. Bachmann's use of language is tight and flawless. Her images are haunting and heavy without ever being over the top. Temper is a careful and brilliant examination of violence.
355	2	Novel in verse. Walker's brother Noah died recently, and he and his mother are struggling with the loss. Walker doesn't know how to help his mother, and doesn't realize how much support he needs right now either, until Jesus starts appearing to him. He asks Jesus to help his mother, and then converses with him routinely as he works through his own grieving process. Set in a coal town, hence the name.
119	2	This book was dark in some ways, but is written with whimsy.   Would be so much fun to read aloud.
596	1	A spectacular introduction to the poetry of Edna St. Vincent Millay. I am eager to get my hands on other books from this series.
23	3	Extremely short review which I might return to in future:   Perhaps I'm too ill-bred to appreciate this fully but for the most part I found Faust (part one) to be repetitive, trite, and gibbering. I think I made a mistake in reading the introduction. I was told that "idolatry is a disservice to any great writer" only to them be piled with exaggerated praise. Honestly, there was not an ounce of criticism. That, mixed with the classic status of this play, likely ruined a great deal for me.   Still, I found Mephistopheles amusing enough to carry me through once Faust had cut down on most of his moaning.   It was definitely not the worst way to spend my time. I still can't bring myself to rate this higher.
630	1	This is a fabulous book--insightful, precise, elegant and gritty at the same time. The poem "Beauty" is worth the book alone. A masterpiece of a poem.
192	2	I love a "kid's book" that turns out to be charming for grownups too. This collection of poetry about night creatures, along with the gorgeous illustrations, is a lovely quick read for any age.
395	1	Thus far, my favorite and possibly the best collection of Emily Dickinson.
218	3	I read Robert Fagles' translation but the few last chapters of the book were misprinted so I had to read the last parts from Samuel Butler's translation. Must say I'd prefer the latter, with its poetic and compelling flow of writing compared to the dramatic free-verse of Fagles which I found hard to engage with. But I'd recommend Fagles' version for those who want a better understanding of Homer's works and their origin, as the essays by Bernard Knox are well worth digging into.
469	2	In this book of poetry, the author explores love and language, along with his disconnect from his heritage as the child of immigrants. Throughout, he seems distressed at trying to learn Tagalog, but also revels in the lushness of the Philippines with many poems describing the islands. The poems are often intimate, relating to family and longing. This is a very good collection of poems that I enjoyed a lot
364	1	My very favorite of Shakespeare's plays.
621	2	Beautiful poems that were simple, honest and complex. I lot of them I related to. Some were better than others. Love the women empowerment and self-love themes. A solid 4.
541	2	It's really weird when I searched for "Poet in New York," Dante's Inferno was the first selection that came up on the results page. Kind of says something, don't you think? P.S. I've read this book one million times.
538	1	So many surprises. I really enjoyed this.
587	2	Recommended by NPR. While I did not read every single poem in this collection, what I did read I liked a lot. The book's wonderful introduction by poet Kevin Young is a thoughtful summary on the place of food in our lives: birth, death, learning, listening, sharing, in good times and in bad times, etc. The poems themselves are arranged by the seasons and are contributed by famous poets such as Louise Gluck, Mary Oliver, Wendell Berry, and others who are not quite so famous yet have a great voice. Most of the poems use food as the theme, but are really talking about something else, i.e, poverty, racism, grace, living/dying, and more. This is comfort food for the poet's soul.
888	1	Odysseus is such an arrogant, power-hungry manwhore.
489	3	Find this review at Forever Lost in Literature!   **I received a copy of Wait Till I'm Dead courtesy of Grove Press and NetGalley. Huge thanks to them!**   Allen Ginsberg has become one of the greatest influence in American poetry and has helped to define what we now call the Beat Generation. Bill Morgan, a distinguished scholar of Allen Ginsberg, has edited this new collection of poems written by Allen Ginsberg, the first publication of Ginsberg work in over fifteen years. When I first read Ginsberg, I found his work to be harrowing, compelling, uniquely perfect, and that description has stuck with me as I continue to enjoy his work. Thus, when I saw this collection on NetGalley, I knew I would be requesting it, and fortunately I was lucky enough to receive a copy.   This particular collection is a rather sporadic and eclectic array of poems, including a variety of poems from the 1940s to 1990s that were "scribbled in letters or sent off to obscure publications and unjustly forgotten." Many of these poems were written spur of the moment or from memories and recollections of meeting certain people are random events he encountered. For instance, "The Real Distinguished Thing" is partly inspired from anesthesia laughing gas or nitrous oxide given to him during dentist visits.   This "uncollected" group of poems is sure to be a welcome addition to any fan of Ginsberg, and I felt right at home delving into this unprecedented work. I didn't particular connect with every single poem, but each held a very special meaning and conveys Ginsberg's strong, distinct tone. Some are brief and subtle, yet have a powerful, clear statement, while others are much longer and convey the wonderful style of Ginsberg in its full glory with writing reminiscent of his greatest works.   A few that stood out to me in particular were "A Night in the Village," "Thus on a Long Bus Ride," "Leave the Bones Behind," "War is Black Magic," "Busted," which reflects his drug use, and "After Wales Visitacione July," written under the effects of LSD. There are also a variety of notes at the back of the book which provide some context and background for many of the poems, which was extremely helpful and interesting.   For those wondering if these poems are worth the read since they never made it into any collected works, they are definitely worth it. Overall, I can't help but give this book a full five stars for its wonderful collection of works and reintroduction into the life and work of Allen Ginsberg.
299	1	helpful stuff
435	1	Who doesn't love this???
182	3	Text: 5 stars   Illustrations: 4 stars   Nonfiction picture book about food and healthy nutrition. Each double-page spread contains a haiku and a sidebar containing the nutrition information. The five food groups, grains, vegetables, fruits, proteins, fats, and dairy are all covered. Lots of kid-friendly facts with an emphasis on healthy eating. Text is scientifically based but written in a very accessible fashion. Haiku poems introduce some fun and humor. Illustrations are colorful and appealing in a child-like way.
292	2	I really enjoyed this audio read by the author. Dialogue was hard to follow, but the rest of the audio is fine.   poetry and sports! this is great for everyone! upper elementary and middle school. talks about crushes, divorce, bullying.
184	3	Very interesting...almost scholarly edition. Favorite part is the Deluge---Interesting that Noah's Ark was actually written down before the Christian era....But as straight ahead reading entertainment I found it difficult, not least of which was because of the constant interruption from the editor/translator to inform me which tablet this was from, where it breaks off, etc. Made reading it more like an archaeological examination than a literary entertainment. I appreciate the scholarship, but think it could have been set up in a different way.
848	2	I was asked to read this collection and found it to be intuitive and emotive. It always surprises me how few words are needed with this author to propel those feelings we all have yet not always understand.   Good.
274	3	I've read three translations of the Odyssey and Lattimore remains my favourite; so stark, poetic and clear. The Odyssey is not an easy book - I had forgotten how long the post-Wanderings section is, how repetitive and cruel; how difficult Odysseus himself is, by turns morally ambiguous and admirably driven; how its subjectivity of slaves and women is contrasted with the society it portrays, in which they are afforded so little agency. There is no moral consistency, but there is a consistent moral discussion:   '...all strangers and wanderers /   are sacred in the sight of Zeus...'   The world is smaller (here I am, reviewing books online, my non-information translated into information at fantastic speed and accessible from almost any point on earth). The world is larger (the displacement of perhaps unprecedented numbers of humans, the solidity of the modern border, of religious difference, cultural misunderstanding). The world has become a stormy ocean of difficult islands in which guests are as likely to be eaten as fed. If we ever needed a book that stressed, above all else, the importance of being a good host and a good guest, then we need one now.   [A re-read, after some brief travels in Greece this year (and as part of the plan to go to Lesvos to volunteer).]
485	1	This was the book I got at the Tattered Cover's Book Lover's Day celebration on 4/23. It caught my eye on their National Poetry Month display. My favorite book by Jack Prelutsky is The Headless Horseman Rides Tonight: More Poems to Trouble Your Sleep, but this one may be a close 2nd. The Swamps of Sleethe takes you on a poetic journey through a galaxy far from our own and one that you will soon find that you need to stay far away from.   On sweltering Sleethe, in swamps aseethe,   Malignant beings thrive,   Abhorrent things that need not breathe,   and yet are quite alive .   Within a foul and festering broth,   These mucid horrors ooze.   As gluey fluids fume and froth,   They hold their rendezvous.   I also loved the vibrant alien illustrations of Jimmy Pickering. As an added bonus some of the planet names in the poems are anagrams for you to unscramble (and I thought a couple of them were a bit tricky).   Great inspiration for those poetic souls who like to rhyme.
627	3	The title of this poetry collection is a play on words; agog means rapt with attention but there is also a Gog - the name for someone who comes from North Wales in the same way as Taff is often applied to those from South Wales. These poems are redolent of North Wales but from the point of view of what it is really like to live there. So yes there are mountains but also   ...see beautiful Gwenno's long black jackdaw hair and dark eyes deep as the dog lakes on Cnicht; see Gwenno's pale Snowdon lily skin shining white as death; see her full lips painted red as a dragon's tongue; see Gwenno in the square in Llanrwst tottering on heels higher than the mountain she lives on...   So the poems are playful as well as serious and come in a variety of voices Welsh and English. Marshall uses different techniques to good effect; found poetry and concrete poetry which I can't reproduce in this review so I recommend you read the book for yourself.
24	3	Through tears and sighs and a pause or two to take a deep breath before continuing, I read this amazing poetry collection cover to cover in one sitting The initial poem snatched me from the present and immediately immersed me in small-town life during the 1918 influenza pandemic. This wasn't so much a history lesson, it was a journey through the eyes of those who experienced the helplessness and horror of losing neighbors, friends, teachers, parents, siblings - and the strength demanded of them to hold onto their hope and faith. I wasn't just the reader, I was in Kansas in 1918 with the folks in these poems. I could see, hear, touch, taste, and feel what it was like to live through the epidemic. That's the power and precision of Melanie Faith's writing. Read this poetry collection and share it!
854	2	a helpful book to dip into when very busy, as I've been this week. mostly, Andrew Motion is like a very sweet and careful person whose jokes aren't hugely funny and whose ideas are highly unoriginal but nonetheless someone you have no problem spending some time with. the final part of the book, though, the collection about his father, is sometimes perfect.
497	3	There is a girl who never returns her library books. Don't give her your heart-- it is unlikely you will ever see it again.   This book got etched in my skin.   On a personal level, I like this better than L&M. It's probably because I invested more thoughts and feelings in to it.   Lullabies is more mature, and more in-depth. It is obvious that Lang has expressed more than she has in L&M. Once again, she made a masterpiece.   I'll buy anything she'd write. It was like it was made for me. Made for every woman who has ever loved, broken, and loved again.   "Where were you?" She asked. "I have been searching all my life."   "Stop looking for me," Love replied, "and I will find you."   -- Patience, L. Leav
86	2	Really fine poetry. That rare book that hits on all cylinders: intellect, heart, and spirit.
530	2	It is truly a classic. Now that I've read it, I understand what a literary work has to be to withstand the test of time. Many passages were unbelievably uplifting granting me the opportunity to experience a new level of pleasure. This constantly reminded me of Longinus and his concept of the sublime. No wonder that Plato was mesmerized by Homer's elevated style. Surely, this is one of the books that worth revisiting again and again. I highly recommend it to book lovers.   Among the issues it revolved around, I strongly enjoyed the struggle of power between the gods. Zeus on his part tried, sometimes very hard, to show himself as far more powerful than all other gods together. Of course, a god that has chained the titans and is the first-born should have such power. However, he wanted this fact to be highlighted here and there, so he would not be challenged. Nevertheless, there were some parts that he was challenged, which went unanswered. This notion of power was extended to mankind as well, between allies and enemies. One might even say that Achilles had the role of Zeus for the Argives, while Hector had it for the Trojans. Both Achilles and Hector at times tried to prove their power to other soldiers. If probed, this notion was ensconced in every part of this epic.
400	1	An excellent anthology but buy book one or book three first .... no buy them all.
883	1	Love That Book! :-)
53	3	I first read this book at age 15 and my life path changed forever. Despite the "obscenities" (we're all so used to those words now from TV, songs and other books)this poem still has the power to help me understand the frightening yet beautiful dance of life and love. After 50 years, I still hear myself reciting its significant words and thoughts.
744	2	Monumental is certainly the right description of the size of this volume. The poems, however, are extraordinarily intimate. I don't claim to be a scholar of Japanese poetry or of translations from Japanese literature, so I will say only that these translations pleased me very much -- they gave a balance that I enjoy between providing a fluidity for ease of reading and of understanding, and maintaining a strangeness that reminds me that I'm reading beautiful poetry from a long distance in space, time, and culture.
403	2	What? I paid for this?   Seriously though, this is a dried-out turd on a bad stretch of road. It barely qualifies as a book. There is more empty space than words. And the kicker is that it's advertised as having 115 dreams--the supposed creme de la creme of some 500 pages of dream journals--and this is what you get:   *   October 18, 1971   dreamed of papers...   dreams of limitation or immed. memory   *   December 26, 1966   Suzy B. treading glowing cinder in dream   *   March 23, 1963   child with chick in dream world   --So if I don't seem as ridiculously enthusiastic about this tripe as other people, it's because this collection doesn't shed any new light on Cornell's art. There just isn't anything substantial here. I've farted more interesting ideas! You have too. More interesting than this:   *   May 20, 1961   dream in night -- childhood obsession to find Brooks   house -- then a trench dug across front yard   --And why do so many people give jumbled unpublishable crap the status of poetry? "Oh, well, this Banana Nut Muffin recipe didn't work at all! It must be poetry!" This book is NOT poetry.
342	1	I loved everything about this book. To me, everything was relatable. All the things I've seen growing up, feeling misplaced, his struggle was my struggle. Cannot explain how much this booked moved me.
704	1	Absolute perfection! If this isn't on all of your lists for next year, you are doing life wrong! What a book!!
433	3	No doubt this reflects a tremendous lack in me, but I don't get it. I got the rhythm, which is drilled into my brain, but the point of the thing eludes me. Sailor kills an albatross, which is bad, the ship is becalmed and everyone except him dies. Now he travels the earth where every so often he meets someone he is compelled to tell his story to. Poor wedding guest is stuck listening to the story, and is moved by it, which makes one of us.   I have no idea why killing albatrosses should be worse than killing anything else, no idea why he killed it in the first place, and no idea why everyone else should be killed thereby, nor why he is saved to tell the story. I'm going to guess it's something religious, or drug-addled. There are a few catchy lines, but there's a lot more that annoy me being so unnaturally stuffed into the scheme.
553	2	Attar is a madman; in every sense of the word, both praise and censure. I am bewildered by his work; again, both admiration and disapproval. He has flung me -the reader, into a paradox.
255	3	Cushman starts by envisioning piggy versions of sixteen classic horror movies, such as The Bride of Frankenswine, Pigzilla, and Pig Kong. For each, he has written a short, clever poem with light-hearted colorful illustrations featuring gleeful porcine movie monsters that keep things from getting too scary. The humor is geared toward young readers. For instance, why is the Porker from the Black Lagoon so grumpy? "It's hard to grin when every day/ there's water in your shorts." Though many of the referenced movies may be unfamiliar to young readers, fear not; three pages at the end give "Movie Credits" with a sentence or two of background for each film.
453	1	Everyone must read it!
474	2	I'm not a basketball fan and even though I should read all kinds of books, I sometimes struggle to get our of my preferred genre. This was a great quick read with a tight and compelling story. The characters are likable and the story is realistic enough. It is written in verse which I sometimes have a hard time selling to kids but it's such a quick read I think kids will give it a chance.
698	1	Another different book. More like a 114 page poem.
535	3	Who knew objects like a toothbrush and bicycle tire could be used to describe the love we secretly yearn for? Where do I exactly begin to describe the beauty of each word Sarah Kay uses? I'm at a complete loss for words. Even before reading this book, bits of Sarah Kay's poems across the internet had me dabbing at my cheeks, not realizing I'd been tearing up.
210	3	There is no way for me to say whether this volume of essays is the best, next best or the worst in this series. I have been reading this series since it started and in every one there is wonderful writing. These are an indication that people are still writing amazing stories.   This one has some terrific poems and good essays by Brian Doyle and Natalie Goldberg.   The best part is that I can go back to any volume and enjoy these again and again. The writing is so good.
311	3	4,5 stars.   I'm a bit like Bob Dylan at the moment. Speechless.   A wonderful collection of excellent prose.   I'm not a regular non-fiction & anthologies reader. But I enormously enjoyed this collection.   I saw some names that mean a lot to me, and I became curious. Russian Soviet classic in English? Why not? The end result: I stayed AWAKE the half of the night. I was hooked, I was amazed, I was proud to be able also to read ALL of these authors in the original language. But I have to admit that I didn't know many names, and I googled and as a result -I learned a lot.   And OMG how UP TO DATE these stories are!..   Boris Dralyuk made a great job. The important historical facts that give insights into this turbulent and fateful period of time, that filled the places between the stories and poems, and brilliantly chosen literary fragments...WOW.
756	2	I don't know if I just don't get modern poetry, but a lot of the poems in this collection sort of seemed like disjointed rambles. If I remember correctly, it is all in free verse, which makes it even more difficult to tie together things that are meant to be connected. I'm not a huge fan of poetry, and the more obscurely metaphorical the wording, the more I don't get it. Maybe it's also because it seems to be written from the point of view of a middle-aged suburbanite, so some of the lack of connection to the content could be because of that.
570	2	I kept hearing about Mary Oliver from so many different sources and I read so little poetry that I feel a little ashamed of myself, so I searched my local library and checked out everything by her I could find. I don't know if this is the best book to begin with, but I was entirely captivated throughout this volume. I would recommend it to anyone who loves Thoreau or Annie Dillard, two of my favorite naturalist-writers. If you have any favorite books by Oliver, send those recommendations on!
611	1	signing at the store 9-5-08
890	3	I wrote this for you is a magnificent, highly emotional, and unforgettable experience that is uniquely different for each person who reads it. The photographic images combined with the sheer simplistic beauty of the prose is stunning. It grabs at your heart as it seeks to reveal its emotional depths. More than once I found myself in a fog of memory as experiences and people crashed inside me. This book is a good reminder that there is more to life than the whirlwind of activity and that much of true living is found in quiet moments and the relationships you have with others.
457	2	I have a love/hate relationship with Chaucer. His work is brilliant and the complexity of his stories is awesome, but Middle English makes The Canterbury Tales really really difficult to read. When I read it, I was so distracted by the footnotes, translations, and strange spellings, I lost much of Chaucer's intended meanings and messages. I'm grateful that I read TCT in a classroom, otherwise I would have been completely lost. Perhaps if I read a translated edition, I would appreciate Chaucer much more.
467	1	An absolutely beautiful collection of stories and thoughts.
183	2	Well, it was all right, but it didn't thrill me to pieces. I did find a few new favorites, but a lot of the other new ones were just so-so for me. I'm a huge Yeats fan, and I was disappointed that they chose The Lake Isle of Innisfree in this volume. Sure, it's his best known poem, and not a bad one, but there are so many better ones to choose from.
548	2	"Willard crafts verse so well that even her less successful poems are impressive, and her best poems seem unsurpassably good." --Booklist   "Willard's tender, careful 10th volume of verse for adults is her first since the 1996 new-and-selected SWIMMING LESSONS, and it returns to the gardens, riversides, parables and Northeastern landscapes whose patterns she has made her own." --Publishers Weekly
746	1	Incredible book... New and different, unlike anything I've read before... The last two poems were some of my favorite pages I've ever read
833	1	I understand why this has gotten so many good reviews. The poems are raw and genuine, but reading this now is making me realize the changes I'm going through in terms of what I enjoy reading. I'm a lover of poetry, but not this kind of poetry. All it is is a matter of preference. Poetry can be and is mostly about love, but I think it's become so repetitive. It feels like these writers of poetry have decided to share their diaries with the world (that's a good thing), it's for them, I get that. And maybe that's why I won't be picking up anything like this, or the poetry book before that, again. (Another reason why I've started reading synopses.)
409	1	So warm and happy and sweet
499	2	Well, that was somethin'! I don't do much poetry. Perhaps that is why although Cummings's brilliance is obvious, I didn't care for most of the non-traditional forms. A few of them seemed like well crafted puzzles that I was happy to have unlocked, but most of the others didn't have much meaning for me. I do have to say though, that when he did stick to the traditional forms, especially the sonnet, I enjoyed him very much.
204	3	Kirkus Review: A multiaward-winning author recalls her childhood and the joy of becoming a writer. Writing in free verse, Woodson starts with her 1963 birth in Ohio during the civil rights movement, when America is "a country caught / / between Black and White." But while evoking names such as Malcolm, Martin, James, Rosa and Ruby, her story is also one of family: her father's people in Ohio and her mother's people in South Carolina. Moving south to live with her maternal grandmother, she is in a world of sweet peas and collards, getting her hair straightened and avoiding segregated stores with her grandmother. As the writer inside slowly grows, she listens to family stories and fills her days and evenings as a Jehovah's Witness, activities that continue after a move to Brooklyn to reunite with her mother. The gift of a composition notebook, the experience of reading John Steptoe's Stevie and Langston Hughes' poetry, and seeing letters turn into words and words into thoughts all reinforce her conviction that "[W]ords are my brilliance." Woodson cherishes her memories and shares them with a graceful lyricism; her lovingly wrought vignettes of country and city streets will linger long after the page is turned. For every dreaming girl (and boy) with a pencil in hand (or keyboard) and a story to share.   https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-re...   Recommendation: I would recommend this book to teachers more than to students. The book is a beautiful memoir written in verse detailing Woodson's life. It is divided into 5 sections, each new section beginning with a major change in her life. Teachers could use the book to teach both poetry and autobiography. Students could be assigned different sections of the book and analyze the different poetic forms that Woodson uses to tell that section of her story and its effect on the tone and mood of the piece. The book could also be used to teach foreshadowing and prediction, as Woodson drops hints along the way as to what will be happening next in her life. Woodson also opens her autobiography with a Langston Hughes poem. Students could analyze the poem and its significance to Woodson and how it relates to her life.   Recommended Age: 8 and up   Awards/Honors:   *        2015 - Robert F. Sibert Honor Award, Newbery Honor Book, National Book Award Winner, Coretta Scott King Award
765	1	this book is magical.
624	1	I enjoyed "Hamlet" in the 1960's. I even got to visit Kronborg Castle on a holiday (Elsinore) later on a holiday.
175	1	one of my best relieving perfect books :)
855	2	This is a nice collection of pieces by Gustave Dore. Amazingly, these are woodcut engravings, and the detail is amazing throughout the book.
35	1	Long and a bit boring in places.   Longer review to come
680	2	I'm perpetually torn with Rich. There's a studied, formal quality to even her mid-career, furious work - and I rarely enjoy tight-wound poetry, at least on a sort of affective level. My other frustration with Rich is that she can envision striking images, but so many of her poems seem to me to be endless series of absolutely disconnected images, and not in a surrealist, avant-garde way, either. Just disjointed attempts at stating the same idea again and again, which can be tedious. The latter parts of this book, particularly "The Phenomenology of Anger" and "Meditations for a Savage Child," were the most consistent and compelling pieces. And obviously, the title poem is worth the price of admission alone. For that poem I'll always give Rich another chance.
649	1	Art might not be about being honest. Still... I'm moved by some, bored by others. I was going to say "appalled by others," but that's not true. She might have raised a stink when she was alive, but it's just another document of sorrow added to the collection--we need ideas, not documentary-like annotations, an extended suicide note that helps no one.   Revision #1: I do appreciate her use and intermingling of fables--at least imagery from such.
720	1	I really struggle to believe anyone who tells me they enjoy this guy.
103	2	I've been in a poetry kick lately, probably prompted by rereading a Keats anthology (not this one, cover different and too lazy to go to my car and retrieve the book). Favorite is Hyperion. Damn tuberculosis--Keats died so young and had so few years in which luckily he was very productive.
120	1	If you think an ode can't be interesting, read Neruda's ode to lemons!
808	2	I bought this book almost at random when I was evaluating the publisher. I saw that this one had won an award when it came out, so I figured it would be a good one to try, and it was. It's hard to believe that Ivy is a non-native speaker of English. Her poems demonstrate a very fine control of the language. They are a bit more formal than one usually finds these days, but I'm old-fashioned, so I didn't mind that. I most enjoyed the early poems in the collection that evoke her girlhood in Poland. I think my favorite is "Only the Horse."
811	2	This is a thought and emotion-provoking collection of poetry, a first collection from a very talented writer. Rachel writes with that combination of courage and skill that signals the reader that there's something important being said and that it is worth opening one's heart to hear it.
549	3	I fell in love with Ellen Carr's Shoes Off Feet Up with the title and the delightful cover. This is a book that invites you to open its pages.   Ellen shares about 60 poems of everyday life and faith. She celebrates common moments of relaxation, ordinary dramas with tongue in cheek, nature's colourful shades and seasons, a faith with feet on and biblical and historical cameos from interesting perspectives. Many (but not all) of the poems are faith focused or draw to a faith filled conclusion.   I found her humour delightful. The first poem starts with 'painted nails on crooked toes' as she stretches her legs out for a quick moment of relaxation snatched from the busyness of life - 'their liberty, turns my mouth up in a lazy smile, draws a sigh, calls forth a prayer, for balmy days, a psalm of praise' (Painted Nails, Crooked Toes, p 3). At other times she evocatively captures nature's moments. e.g. 'a salt breeze wafts in from the bay, stirring the leaves, rattling the awnings' (in Remembering, Never Forgetting p 95). There were times I felt the imagery could be pushed a bit more - or that poem could have stopped sooner for greater effect, but overall - a delightful and refreshing anthology perfect to enjoy with a cuppa, with those imperfect toes stretched out in relaxation.   I would like to thank Ellen for a free copy of Shoes Off Feet Up in exchange for a honest review. Ellen also contributed two beautiful poems for Glimpses of Light
341	3	With full knowledge that some people (possibly more qualified than me) liked this book, here's why it didn't really do anything for me:   1. CANADIAN. NATURE. POETRY. Except for very exceptional exceptions (am I allowed to use those two words together?), I just really don't want to read any Canadian nature poetry ever again in my life.   2. I have no emotional connection to rural Ontario.   3. Some parts of this collection made me feel like I was reading something that should have been titled "The Settler's Lament."   4. Also, God. I don't care about God.   See the full review at: http://caseythecanadianlesbrarian.wor...
507	3	I really enjoyed this collection. No surprise here. Sassoon is one of the most widely read poets of the 20th century. Here he uses direct rhyme schemes in a modernist style. I found a 1/3 of the poems to be quite beautiful and image provoking. The only drawback is that he rarely uses anything other than direct rhyming conventions.   A lot of Sassoon's poems here ooze resentment both towards British families back home with little understanding of the horrors of the war and towards an establishment that makes heroes of the young men whose lives where thrown away frivolously.   The other great World War I writers often mentioned are Wilfred Owen and Robert Graves. Sassoon influenced and befriended each during the war. I love the writings of all three.   They all had a lot in common with their war experiences. I think Owen's war poems are the most beautiful and heart wrenching. I think Graves autobiography is the best at balancing the horrors of the shelling and frequent illnesses with the banality and boredom. I think Sassoon's poems are the best at describing the frustration, futility and resentment in as little words as possible.   My father had two uncles who survived the trenches in France during WW1. One was gassed and suffered lung damage. The other wasn't quite right after experiencing post traumatic stress disorder. At least this is how my father described them. When I was a little boy my sister was a caregiver for an 85 year old WWI vet. I vividly recall the frail old man proudly showing me his medals and uniform after fetching them from his trunk of war memorabilia. Sadly I know nothing of his story.   Anyway these are the things that entered my mind while reading these poems.
106	1	This book includes poems about fairy tales...   The Frog Prince   Cinderella   Little Mermaid   Rapunzel
513	2	The editor is clearly biased in his descriptions and analysis. I found it abrasive. The compilation itself was often difficult to follow, as well, and many of the footnotes were superfluous.
585	2	It's my first book to read for Gibran and I was puzzled in choosing which to read: the English copy or the translated copy. I chose to go on with the English but I couldn't not to read the introduction in the Arabic copy by Tharwt Akasha. This introduction is extremely recommended before going with any of Ginran's books.   About the book itself. I sensed that the way of writing and usage of words were very affected by the English translation of the Bible.   But for his opinions on the topics discussed in the book, it was a little bit philosophic where you have to stop every now and then to absorb his meanings.   I liked most of the topics and his opinions about them however I didn't totally get some other points and I didn't agree with some of his thoughts.   But in total I liked the book and I guess in my 2nd reading for it I may get more understanding of it.
243	3	Won as part of the Goodreads first reads program.   Poetry is a particularly subjective art-form. Either you connect with it, or you don't. I wanted to like this collection, but ultimately it left me feeling cold. There was nothing that particularly spoke to me, no poems I'll feel compelled to return to. I do not expect that this will be the case for everyone however. Writing poetry is an intensely personal experience, so is reading it. I believe there are people out there to whom this collection will speak strongly. I simply wasn't one of them.
196	2	What a terrific book of poems! I've been reading a few each morning and deeply admire the lyrical approach to pain, suffering, recovery, and love, sometimes all in the same poem.
425	1	not so good. having a hard time finishing.
16	3	My favorite section was The Places of Our Lives. This is the first book by her I have read and also the first time I had even heard of her. I think her poems about people and places, especially were far stronger than the others. Overall, a good book especially as an introduction to the poet as I think every section is meant to be snippets of her and her work. Some of the poems are absolutely beautiful and I really like the added background information she includes for some of them because then the poem takes on a meaning I may not have considered before or it just creates a richer backdrop for it. Overall, not bad and I think I'd read her work again.
49	3	I must confess up front: while I'm a (perhaps too much so) devoted fan of Atwood's novels, from what I've read of her poetry, I'm just...not all that impressed. I always hear people talk about her powerful poetic voice and her wonderful turns of phrase, incredible emotion, and lingering images. For a poet working contemporaneously, however, with people like Anne Sexton, Maxine Kumin, Adrienne Rich, among many many other great poets working from the 60s onward, I don't think Atwood's poetry will stand the test of time. Her novels are incredible--she's clearly among our best living novelists, and I don't know what the contemporary canon would be like without novels like The Handmaid's Tale, Alias Grace, and Cat's Eye (again, among many others). Her poetry does very little for me.   For one thing, the powerful poetic voice? I think one of the most fascinating things about Atwood's poetry is that it is incredibly revealing of her sort of indecisiveness--which reads, unlike in her novels, as insecurity. I can't count the number of times she used this setup: "[descriptor:], or else, [some other unrelated descriptor:]"; [this:], or [that:]; you do [this:], or not." It was frustrating--I wanted her to make up her goddamn mind! Are these old women hiding behind their eyes, or their sofas? Did your father say that this kind of wood was fabulous, or didn't he? I recognize the same pattern in her novels, but there, the similar formula works well over long fiction, because it impels the reader to question their own conceptions of events and actions and emotions in the novels. In the poetry, it reads as a writer's self doubt, and inability to come up with a strong phrasing or decision.   Likewise, though Atwood often hits on really strong images or turns of phrase, just as often, she creates unmemorable ones--stack these two against one another: "The men [are:] excited by their show of hate / their own evil turned inside out like a glove, / and me wearing it" from 'Half Hanged Mary' and then "Let's talk about axes, / which kinds are good, / the many names of wood" from 'The Visit.' The first is actually fairly simple, but it stays with you. Basic emotions--hate, evil--have a lasting quality in her metaphor; the second, though barebones in a way that sort of fits its poem, could have been written by a third grader. I suppose my final verdict on this collection would be that it's just too hit-or-miss to be truly wonderful. There are standout poems, of course. Section ii is superb, with "Miss July Grows Older," "Manet's Olympia," and "Ava Gardner Reincarnated as a Magnolia" being truly, truly great poems. Likewise, "Half Hanged Mary" may be one of the most interesting poems I've read in the past year or so--it's just incredible. But these and the maybe seven or eight other incredible poems of the collection are lost in a sea of forgettable ones.   I think perhaps my issue is that Atwood seems to have a lot of trouble revealing bare emotion--being 'confessional,' so to speak. She seems to need to sublimate intimacy through a filter--fictional characters, myths, or fairytales--to get to the heart of the matter. Cat's Eye, for instance, is one of the most heartbreaking and visceral 'coming of age' sorts of books I've read--but though it's supposedly semi-autobiographical, there's a protective layer there. "Half Hanged Mary" is probably so great, at least in part, because it's close to Atwood--the poem describes her ancestor who was hung for witchcraft, and survived overnight--and distanced--it's not Atwood herself. Because for all the talk of the deeply felt poems about her father's death in this collection (part iv), I felt those were the *most* detached pieces in the book. They didn't touch me much at all. On the other hand, her gropings against Manet and mythological Daphne and Helen of Troy--those poems had hearts. They cut to the quick. If you like Atwood's poetry, this is a clearly accomplished collection--otherwise, check out sections ii and iii, and call it a day.   Also, I know this was harsher than it was meant to be. I recognize the skill here, but I just find her talents far better suited to novels. If you're unfamiliar with Atwood, I say start with her fiction.
636	1	Was not good as The Kids.
806	2	Heartfelt   This small read was heartfelt, and an emotional roller coaster. ,y only issue is that it was so short LOL
501	2	physically so beautiful and so ugly with its lavish illumination, careful typesetting. the poems are dark, self effacing, highly formed pieces. wholly recommend.
573	2	I wanted to like it. I really did. I can appreciate that it was written in free verse poetry and the fact that it's about werewolves made me want to squee but I just have NO desire to finish it. There is nothing making me want to continue reading, nothing making me even want to pick it up right now. Maybe at a later point I'll start again, but the fact of the matter is there was too much of a gap between starting it and picking it up again, and there are other books I'd much rather read at the moment.
165	3	A fine book of criticism, if not a great one. My assumption that this is largely due to estate/copyright issues. Van Dyne's writing a book based upon Plath's drafting process and what significance that may have with regard to our reading of the Ariel poems: an obviously fascinating premise. Unfortunately, she's hardly able to cite said drafts, and so often her readings feel disjointed or superficial. Then again, at other times she conducts close readings of the published poems without referencing the drafts and so feels unmotivated. Perhaps I'm just misreading the purpose of the book. Perhaps I'm more rigid in my expectations because I'm teaching a freshman seminar on confessional poetry, and wouldn't allow some of Van Dyne's readings to slide by without more evidence in my students' papers. Perhaps I'm just a bit tipsy and so less forgiving.   Also my supposition that she had estate issues may be pure speculation. The structure of the book seemed slightly off to me, as well, inasmuch as the theory didn't always jive with the poetry, and some of the "trend" considerations dated the book.   So in short: quite good. Imperfect. Certainly worth it for any Plath scholar.
15	2	I only read the first book for class, and it was pretty tedious. I guess I had thought from the title that it might be a little lighter reading, about faeries and such. No, it's more along the lines of Arthurian legend. But more boring.
820	2	I was walked throught The Wasteland in undergrad and I thought it was really cool. I also liked the movie Tom and Viv a whole lot. I hope that I like this, but something in me doubts that I will. I don't like to sit and read poetry as an activity. I get the Writer's Almanac e-mail every day, and that usually fills my quota for verse. I prefer an extended narrative and characters to love and hate. Poems are too short to hold my interest.   *** I probably should have spent the $9 on lotion or a candle or something. I skipped class this week and I doubt that I will ever read this book.
375	1	A very quiet story about a very gentle horse delivering milk, eggs, and butter at a very quiet time of day. The illustrations are in very hushed tones. This would be a good bedtime story.
64	2	Mr. Hecht is a formalist, but that shouldn't stop you, he's brilliant, witty, and skewed just enough to be illuminating.
368	2	WHY CAN I NOT GIVE MORE THAN FIVE STARS?! IT'S A CONSPIRACY AND THIS BOOK IS DESERVING OF ALL OF THE STARS!!! ALL!! [?][?][?][?][?][?][?][?]   In all seriousness, this book is absolutely incredible. Sarah Crossan has knocked it outside of the park AGAIN with Moonrise. A heartbreaking, beautiful gut punch of a book. Outstanding!
431	1	These poems really convey the events of this horrific period in our collective history.
702	1	"read"
167	1	A stunning, lyrical... Novel? Poem? Essay? Treatise.
205	1	Adore this book.
408	1	A good collection. 3.5 stars, author gets the base.
125	3	Another great work from author James Goldberg, Let Me Drown with Moses is a collection of religious poetry. Specifically, it features LDS (Mormon) themed poems, though many of the poems could just as well be targeted to a general religious audience. And while I've been a Mormon all my life, many of the poems feature historical figures that I was unfamiliar with. However, the poems can be enjoyed by themselves, crucial historical details are juxtaposed next to some of the poems, and the author helpfully provides commentary on each of the poems at the back of the book.   The poems really match the description provided by the author: "They are for those who still believe in a God who wrestles. For those who think faith should challenge as much as it comforts." Much of this poetry is not what you would find in a church magazine, would not necessarily be read off the pulpit. Yet the beauty of these poems is that they capture what it means to struggle, to doubt, to grasp for droplets of faith. They address struggles in our history, true, terrible mistakes that have been made (for instance, the fighting between Utah settlers and Native American tribes). The poems are filled with emotion, with leaving and returning to God, moving through a lyrical plain, making meaning through trials and joys.   One of my favorite poems was titled "The Moth." The poem is about love and solitude, and the challenges mortals face while on earth. The poem ends with the lines:   I'm a moth--why shouldn't I be drawn   to both the flames of hell and the burning of God's glory?   Another favorite was this simple yet profound couplet:   What does the cloud-mist think of the river before it falls down as rain?   Before we came down from heaven, what did we think of pain?   These poems beg to be read aloud, to let them reverberate through your body and soul. I would read a few poems and set my kindle down, thinking about the words as I continued with my daily tasks. Like Goldberg's novel The Five Books of Jesus, Let Me Drown With Moses is a work I will definitely come back to.
617	1	I LOVE IT
671	3	Admittedly. this is a hard read, and by hard I do mean somewhat tedious and confusing for the modern reader, especially without the necessary notes or historical background.   However, I was shocked by all these predominantly negative reviews. This is a classic for crying out loud, one of Dryden's masterpieces and one of the most relevant and controversial works of the poetry of eighteenth century poetry in England. The historical implications are astronomical, its biblical allusions merely a disguise for its bold political statements. In many ways it was prophetic, in many others revolutionary.   This, I believe, could only had been achieved by a third party poet in those 'tumultuous' times through satire and anonymity, something which Dryden has single-handedly proved, but for once through poetry and not by bloody violence.   For any believing Christian, 'Absalom and Achitophel' is interesting in the way that these events from the Ancient Testament were similar, if not identical, to the history of the restoration and all the rebellions and characters and so on. I mean it is not just mysteriously strange, but prophetic. Who says history does not repeat itself, eh? Consider that there is a difference of some years between David and Charles the Second...   However, you do not have to be a believer to appreciate this masterpiece. From a literary, political and historical perspective, it is also of profound interest. Although the comparison between Absalom and the Duke of Monmouth and between Achitophel and the Earl of Shaftesbury was not entirely original, Dryden's style is, without a doubt, superior and more in depth and provoking. He goes beyond these two such comparisons, to the extent of comparing the people's dissatisfaction with their 'God Given and State Protected Freedom', which even nowadays is grossly underappreciated, with "Adam Wits". Outstanding, pure class.   Of course, I have not rewarded 'Absalom and Achitophel' with the expected 5/5, especially after all my praise (which is in by no means adequate, I must humbly admit). However, I have considered that, despite all its Biblical allusions and political statements, it is to some extent tedious to the general reader, as is pointed out in all its reviews on Goodreads.
837	1	This book ready so nicely. I looked forward to opening it up and getting involved in her story of growing up.
582	1	I read for my undergrad english degree. Would like ot read again.
688	2	Despite the buzz-word-like blips-on-the-page acknowledging 9/11, or the occasional unbearably snooty "Look at Me/Why I'm Unique" essays by either hip fashion-conscious ideologues for the left-but-not-too-left or born-again Christians who preach not to preach... Despite these disturbing inclusions in what is otherwise a noteworthy bundle of beautiful chickenscratch, this collection is a real pleasure to read and has many stories (and poems!) that will stick with me for some time. In the order in which they were presented, here is my list of exciting writing:   "Cocktail Hour" by Kate Braverman, "Hard Rain" by Tony Hoagland, "A Short History of My Breath" by Kristin Kovacic, "Moonsnail" by Cleopatra Mathis, "Dogged" by Risteard O'Keitinn, "A Day in May: Los Angeles, 1960" by Philip Levine, "Vexing Praxis/Hocus Nexus" by Mark Halliday, "Bye-Bye Larry" by Katherine Karlin, "The Land of Pain" by Stacey Richter, "Halley's Comet" by Laura Krughoff, "Stay" by David Schuman, "The Eternal Immigrant" by Sharmila Voorakkara, "Some Terpsichore" by Elizabeth McCracken, "Lament for a Stone" by W.S. Merwin, "Gassed" by Steve Gehrke, "Escape from Hog Heaven" by Dina Ben-Lev, "Shelter" by Nami Mun, and "Why Bugsy Siegel Was a Friend of Mine" by James Lee Burke.   And so, to close I offer up a few random quotes I have noted in my book:   "They both hang their heads as they speak, their necks like stalks bearing heavy fruit." - Katherine Karlin   "Geographically speaking, the Land of Pain is a subcontinent of the World of the Sick. The World of the Sick is a nifty, parallel universe that exists inside the World of the Well... The Sick live among the Well like spies, pod-people, or daywalking vampires: different, afraid, and isolated; and like spies, pod-people, and daywalkers, the Sick who can manage to mingle with the Well reflexively disguise their identity. And you, with your white picket fence and your neatly trimmed lawn in the Land of Pain, you are no different." - Stacey Richter   "He was ambitious and doubtful: he wanted to be famous, and he wanted no one to look at him, ever, which is probably the human condition: in him it was merely amplified." - Elizabeth McCracken   "Then there were the people up the block whose bodies turned to black strings until they thinned out of sight." - Nami Mun
699	2	I've never been able to decide if Playboy of the Western World is outdated, prescient or timely. If it is timely then I think it would have to be timeless.   Christy Mahon comes to Flaherty's Pub and charms the punters and barmaid Pegeen Mike (the daughter of owner Mike Flaherty) with the story of how he killed his father. Christy can tell a tale, so he charms the pants off the regulars (figuratively) and Pegeen (damn near literally).   But Christy's Da shows up alive, having only been wounded by his son, and all those fooled by Christy's story turn on him. Christy's answer, the only way he figures he can get his new friends back and keep Pegeen's love, is to finish the job on his Da, so he gives it a whirl. The attempt on Old Mahon is convincing enough to put Christy's neck in a noose because none of Flaherty's patrons want to get in trouble for aiding and abetting Christy in a patricide (I love that word). Just when it looks like Christy's going to die, however, Old Mahon, with as many lives as Rasputin, absurdly stumbles to his feet and saves his son.   So, of course, father and son take off to see the world together, and Pegeen is left to lament the one she let get away.   John Millington Synge's play is generally considered one of the Irish greats, even Yeats was a fan, and I certainly appreciate it in dribs and drabs, but it's a bit too ridiculous to really make me a firm fan. I love much of Christy's dialogue, I think the play's violence works (even if Old Mahon's imperviousness doesn't), and the Irishness of this very Irish play is a huge plus, but I've never really felt a spark when I've read this play. And that spark didn't appear when I saw it on stage either. I find the pacing a bit trying because large portions of Synge's play simply bore me.   It's all subjective, I suppose, but I'd sure love to see a strong staging of Playboy of the Western World. Maybe that would change my mind.
690	1	I admire "The Rime of Ancient Mariner" by Samuel,brilliant it is.
757	3	26 haikus about the seasons featuring a panda cub named Koo. The book features watercolor illustrations of Koo and his 2 human friends. I related most to the haiku where Koo eats a lot of cookies because it's cold outside. ;)
308	1	An early work, but lovely nonetheless.
60	3	I don't feel these poems were meant for me, that my background and privilege prevent me from feeling some of the themes as deeply, but that's okay. I still appreciated the rhythm and fire and anger and grief of Lorde's words. Her prosody is unique, somewhere between free verse and slam poetry, almost (while reading, I got the sense these would be incredible if spoken aloud). There is little formality here, even when it comes to punctuation, which I feel mimics the dichotomy of restraint and wildness discussed in the poems.
187	3	Via the brief introduction, Ms. Cramer describes the concept of her book as a combination of poetry and photography, "using the photograph as a trampoline" to bounce different elements off one another..."where taste and aroma become the drink". I loved this description and knew the author's words were a sign of good things to come.   The wide array of photographs included in this book show that Oneida Morningstar certainly has an eye for capturing compelling imagery. There is a little bit of everything - nature, pets, people, food, cityscapes and everyday objects - included within the lovely pages of "Idealism is an attractive flower". Ms. Cramer's poetry is simple, poignant and lovely. Each poem is thoughtfully combined with a photograph to create a completely unique experience for the reader.   As I read "Idealism is an attractive flower", I wondered what came first, the photograph or the poem. I would have loved to know more about the author and thought that a book so full of personal feelings should have included a page about the author. However, this certainly doesn't take away from this book - it simply makes me want to find out more about Oneida Morningstar Cramer.   I can honestly see why this book was a 2015 Feathered Quill Book Awards Gold Winner. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys photography and poetry. Beautiful!   http://ebookreviewgal.com received a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
483	2	A book of poetry by various people. Some poems are okay and others not bad, but most are just really well done. Overall, it's a lovely poetry book about loss in all its variations.
244	2	An interesting tale. This is an Ethiopian creation myth and is as old as the tale of Noah and his ark.
168	1	4 1/2!
132	2	Dark, many depressing poems, but beautifully written and there were some that really touched my heart.
208	3	"It was words that I fell for. In the end, it was words that broke my heart."   How masochistic, isn't it? No matter how much we tell ourselves to be happy there is always a part of us that willingly embraces sadness. Then we convince ourselves it is not in vain. That it is worth it. Just like reading a book with beautifully crafted words both in prose and poetry which leaves us teary-eyed and heartbroken.
430	1	I loved it! Funny and touching feline biography told in haiku. The last one is the best.
827	2	HE WISHES FOR THE CLOTHS OF HEAVEN   HAD I the heavens' embroidered cloths,   Enwrought with golden and silver light,   The blue and the dim and the dark cloths   Of night and light and the half-light,   I would spread the cloths under your feet:   But I, being poor, have only my dreams;   I have spread my dreams under your feet;   Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.   --W.B. Yeats   I come back to this collection from time to time - both for the "love" poems and for the polemics. Yeats, as you know, was brilliant, painfully timid and passionate at the same time, and then also courageous.   A great way to find out what the fuss is all about.
730	1	2.5 stars but rounding up for the ending. I would highly recommend the author's more recent works.
759	2	I'm waiting for my cat Shadow to approach me with his royalty check because I believe strongly that he wrote many of the poems in this short hilarious volume. He's been using my keyboard for years, why not?   Which poems did he write? They aren't directly attributed, but I believe (based on the current state of my desk) "Nudge" was definitely penned by him.   I had to be careful to keep it away from the kitten and not to read any of the poems out loud in front of him because I didn't want him to get any new ideas, though based on our new morning routine he may have written "I Lick Your Nose".   I recommend this as a fun gift for the cat lover in your life.
242	2	yes, an incredible book! rips you right out. i've read and re-read it about six times in the past few weeks, and now look forward to it influencing me in whatever visceral, potent and raging ways it can.
324	1	This is probably my favorite collection of poetry. Dubie is masterful.
650	1	Unsurpassed masterpiece. You must read it in Italian to fully appreciate it.
889	3	Love this K.A. Holt and can't wait to recommend Rhyme Schemer. Kevin's edge and transformation and voice are true and sympathetic all the way through. I loved his black out poetry and that it made its way into the text on multiple occasions. I'd love to pull books about main characters who are bullied by older brothers; this reminded me of a sad version of Jon Scieszka's Knuckelhead. Loved the verse, the white space on the page, the 164 pages--these things are very important for some readers. This is a solid 2017 Caudill nominee.
171	2	Extremely smart poetry, much of it over my head, and, because there references needed to be checked later, it was not as enjoyable as it could have been. I feel dumb, but I take comfort in knowing that I am smarter than one or more POTUSs.
754	1	3.5 stars.
314	2	Five stars for arresting my mind and making every single line count.   It is simly unforgettable. I can not praise it enough
788	1	Picked this and "Lullabies" up at the library out of curiosity.   This inspired me to return the second totally unread.
692	2	The biggest problem I had with this book is the doggerel verse form that Rakoff chose is a form that just isn't well suited for long form interconnected narratives on serious topics. Case in point is found on the audio book -- Rakoff created a character who was toasting her sister at a wedding and purposely rhymed her toast rhyming sister and blister and not paying attention to how the line scanned. This "rhyme within a rhyme" was funny and quite hysterical. At the end of the audio book, Rakoff and Ira Glass fool around and read other lines from the poem in the sister's "voice" and it is quite funny. And that is the problem -- the stories are serious and the form is comic. Maybe it works in some sort of tragic-comic way, but for the attempt at wide ranging depth, I couldn't help but think of Spoon River Anthology which sort of did the same thing, but without all the rhyming and in the end was more powerful. Also, the scenarios Rakoff picked from rape, the Chicago slaughterhouse, and the Aids crisis, all seemed rather NPR cliched.
717	2	This is the kind of book I really used to like, back many years ago. It was so abstract as to paint pictures in the mind (I know, sounds a contradiction, but clearly the success of the book, it has the same effect on others).   Poetic, and ultimately human, but mumbo damned jumbo to the roof!
41	2	It is hard to say that I have finished a book of poetry. Let's just say I have returned the book to the library. The poems that I read were wonderful. I will check the book out again sometime - maybe even soon.
749	2	As an English major in college, I've read my share of poetry and have even written some, which was why I was so excited to read Voices in My Head. Cindy J. Smith writes beautifully. The poems are touching. The feelings are relatable. It was refreshing to read this book of poems! I loved every second of it!
211	3	I do have a complete phobia when it comes to reading poetry and thought this might help me understand poetry better. However I did struggle with it. It is informative but I think it's more appropriate with a basic understanding of poetry.   Saying that I did enjoy it and gained from reading it, I would recommend it to someone with a passion for poetry.
266	2	"It is sweet to dance to violins   When Love and Life are fair:   To dance to flutes, to dance to lutes   Is delicate and rare:   But it is not sweet with nimble feet   To dance upon the air!"   "For he who live more lives than one   More deaths than one must die."   It saddened my heart to behold this total different Wilde.
448	1	Not my thing. Everyone else seems to like it, though.
701	3	"Often I imagine in different and better times not having to be political. I can even imagine, when I am at the bottom of a long uphill grade, doing something besides writing novels, although I doubt it. But I never imagine living without poetry."   This collection by and about Marge Piercy has been on my reading shelf since I wrote a paper on her for a class I audited at Randolph-Macon College. I used this book for my paper, but at the time I did not think I was finished with it.   I dislike having a bunch of unfinished book on my shelves, so at the end of 2015 I tried to complete some of these titles. This is the one I actually got to. As I read through it, I realized that I had read more of it in 2014 than I had thought. So it didn't take much time. I am especially glad to have reread the interview between Piercy and Ira Wood.   I will continue to leaf through my volumes of Piercy's poetry. Her poems speak to me because she writes of issues that intersect with my life. I love her gardening poems and the poetry about her faith. I am glad to be reminded of her way with words. She is one of the many poets who has whet my interest in poetry.   However, thanks to writing my paper, I feel like I know enough about Piercy. I doubt I will read anything more about her life. Sometimes it is better just to read what people wrote rather than about their lives.   Other books I have read that are related to this book:   Break, Blow, Burn   Journal of a Solitude   Sleeping with Cats   A Wild Patience Has Taken Me This Far
396	2	Oh, this was beautiful. Lindenberg wrote this in honour of her partner Craig Arnold's disappearance after he was scouting a volcano. Her love for him shows so clearly, as does the agony of losing the other half of your soul. My heart almost broke progressing through the book. Anyone who appreciates modern American poetry should definitely pick this up, and savour the 90+ pages while it lasts.
470	1	3.7 stars
789	2	A poetry book for kids that kids can presumably relate to. The concept: doing something wrong, apologizing for it, but not really meaning it.   What I liked:   Teaching kids about poetry. This book could be used as a teaching tool to get middle graders excited about expressing themselves through writing. I also liked the simple "sketch-style" drawings.   What I liked (much) less:   The negative connotation of each poem. I prefer books that encourage children to do the right thing in the first place. Destroying property and giving false apologies afterwards doesn't send the right message to children in my opinion.   http://ebookreviewgal.com received this book via a Book Blogger contest in exchange for an honest review.
19	3	A collection of chronologically published poems, selected by her husband Ted Hughes.   I'd had minimal exposure to Sylvia Plath previously- we read The Arrival Of The Bee Box in school and had heard of her mental challenges and untimely suicide. This anthology provided a wonderful insight into her mind and her writing. Her poems are very visceral with a general sadness resonating through them. They also reflect her inner turmoil and mental state - feelings of loneliness, isolation, insomnia, with mundane daily activities taking on a grim, moody overtone.   Irrespective of the demeanor, she was a talented poet who wove interesting imagery with her words. I was forced to read each poem at least 3 times, and still may not be totally sure of their meanings (Munich Mannequins, By Candlelight, Suicide at Egg Rock my favourites). A demanding read but worthwhile when viewed against her life struggles and the looming spectre of her death.   #MustRead #Unforgettable.
552	2	This allegorical tale was my first true, in-your-face exposure to Sufism. While it didn't exactly make me want to rush out and join a tariqa, it was quite well-written and certainly very inspiring in many ways. Some familiar tales are found here, but they never seem shoehorned in. Such was the obvious ability of the poet, and it is well-appreciated. It just didn't scream out "Classic!" at me, but I did really enjoy reading.
214	2	Every so often, I return to this and find exactly what I'm looking for - the anger near past a snarl and spit of fire, the resolute in despairing, and eyes that have seen America and world and its everyday people and fellows and those eyes still see them and speak to them. Ginsberg's Howl is exactly what you need it to be and there's no need to hear that coming from anybody, certainly not me or yourself or a critic or what someone imagines of himself as a poet.
139	1	Really more like a 3.5 to 3.8.
70	3	The Greatest Satire ever written'   I remember, when I was a little boy, that when I first heard of 'The Rape of the Lock, I was very confused. Even with my then very limited knowledge of mock heroic epics and Augustan poetry, I determined that rape and lock are two words that would never make sense in an actual sentence, let alone a title.   Many years passed and I had long desired to learn the true meaning of the title. I had also never dared to search it out online. Fortunately, my English literature class covered Pope, a rarity in such classes nowadays, and I finally learned the true meaning of this exceptional piece of literature. The general idea and concept of 'The Rape of the Lock' is that the Fermors and the Petres, two Roman Catholic families, were on bad terms together as, somewhere and sometime, the mischievous Robert Lord Petre cut off a lock of hair of Miss Arabella's hair...   'So what?', you argue. Lady Galadriel was not so picky when she gave three locks off her hair to Gimli, in Tolkien's fantasy epic. Ah, but there was a degree of the fair lady's common consent in that case. In fact, whoever asks that question has probably missed the whole point of 'The Rape of the Lock'. To explain why is a really interesting endeavor, one which my English teacher was expertly adept at (years of practice, my dear friends). Why the best poets of the time were satirists and why they chose the epic as their ideal, are two important questions as well.   However, this is not a study text, and I have no pretensions at that as well. I will just comment that one should pay particular attention to its potential in being an agent of reconciliation, to "laugh them together again" as John Caryll expertly put it, and Pope's purpose with his mock epic machinery of contrasts. It is almost ironic that Pope should compare the Fermors and Petros quarrel with Homer's 'The Iliad', whose first chapter is usually entitled 'The Quarrel'). Pope, in my humble opinion, was an undisputed master of literature, who emphasizes that too much had been made of the ridiculous incident through his ingenious means (his poetic and applied intentions).   And all of this does not even begin to explain why 'The Rape of the Lock' deserves 5/5.
212	3	I was asked to read this collection for review and found it excellent. Its style was easy and flowing with poignantly deep and even spiritual meaning - at the same time down to earth and most would relate to its messages.   I am not one for poetry per se, however, this collection was extremely well done and, I should imagine, would give strength to others particularly during difficult times - or even just to remind us that we are human and not to be too hard upon ourselves.   Very good.
328	1	We Real Cool, always.
622	1	I read this with my nine year old daughter and she loved it. Her personal favourite from the collection was 'The Euro' a poem she can relate having recently travelled to France.   A good collection of poems that children will enjoy.
908	3	While there are still poems in this big, big book I have not read, I read until my heart was content. Edna is a poet to return to again, and these poems leave a lingering taste. Her voice is unique, yet she keeps the meter I've admired in traditional poetry, and she also brings a fresh voice to the subject matter of love and death and transience using natural imagery and some sarcasm/wit. I usually like to read smaller single author collections or anthologies, so my not completing this one in its entirety is not an indication of the poet's lack of skill. She is excellent.
199	1	Every child I've ever loved has Shel Silverstein's books as a gift from me.
367	2	this diverse retelling in verse is amazing. it is not only refreshing because of its diversity, but also so interesting. the way the author engages the retelling and introduces both new and old parts of the story is fabulous. the main character was so great, not only in terms of personality but also the journey she goes through. definitely recommend
492	3	First verse novel I've read, and certainly not one that I'd intended to start with. I expected that one day I'd get around to reading some of Stephen Herrick's work, or Elizabeth Fensham, or Eva Sandall. But I was shelving books at work and came across this book by Bernadine Evaristo, a name I'd heard a lot on 50books_poc. And I looked at the blurb and read a little bit of the book, and it was like the book reached out and grabbed me. It's the most amazing combination of language and setting and anachronism and fabulosity: Londinium in 211; a Roman emperor who is apparently an historical figure (I know little to no Roman history beyond what you get in Shakespeare and the Bible); with this overlay of today's language mingled with Latin phrases, images from both times, from all times... characters like Z and Venus and A who are simply magnificent in the way they are depicted and constructed and used. And all of this in verse.   As I said, the book reached out and grabbed me. I do like poetry, so the verse aspect didn't hold much fear for me. And the individual chapters were reasonably short (something I had wondered about in relation to verse novels - I've never been much for epic poetry, although I will go back to trying some of the greats again one day.) It was the language and imagery that were the strongest pull for me, however. The layering and the casual feel to this complex construction of worlds - the way that Z could get away with referring to a toga as Armani and it simply *working*. Her voice is strong and cheeky and disarming and confronting all at once. She's a silly little girl at times (only 18 by the end of the book) and does silly things, but there's this core of strength that she would have to have had to stay herself as long as she did. And that's there in the character, from the beginning.   I think it helped the effect of the book that I now have a better idea of London than I did a year ago. I would have missed whole geographic layers of humour and play if I couldn't picture in my mind what she was talking about in these journeys into the 'jungle of Notting Hill' for example. I am recommending this book so very highly: I'm only sorry that it's a little too explicit for me to recommend it as part of high school study of Roman times, because I think kids who read it deeply enough would get a real kick out of it. But the eroticism (which I loved, by the way) is a little too much for high school reading, I suspect.
298	1	Brilliant.
71	2	Around 50 new poems for the Collins fan, a few of them as brilliant as any. I enjoyed keeping track of one of my favourite poets.   For the Collins newcomer, volumes like Picnic, Lightning and Sailing Alone Around the Room are richer and denser, the first i consider pretty much his best hits. Or just google Forgetfulness first.
689	1	Sometime laugh-out-loud funny, sometimes sad, always smart. A lovely collection that made me miss Nova Scotia real bad.
835	2	Reminiscent of Antarctic Antics: A Book of Penguin Poems, a favorite of ours, this is a clever collection of poems, which could also serve as mnemonics for helping one remember the names of dinos, and their characteristics, as well as the eras of dinos. The paintings are unusual and make a nice change.
536	2	A fairly ecclectic collection of Betjeman's poetry and prose. The emphasis is on his prose writing, which he regarded as being of far less importance than his poetry, and which, in the case of journalism or review pieces, was often produced primarily for economic necessity. The poems (or extracts from longer poems) that feature in this volume are largely here to illustrate how a topic or episode discussed in verse would often be mentioned again in a piece of prose. Sometimes it went the other way around with the poem preceding the prose. One is not surprised to find frequent mention of typically Betjemanesque concerns such as railways, architecture - especially of the ecclesiastical kind - and village life. More surprising, was to find him enthusing about the benefits of steel-framed prefabricated housing.   There is plenty of humour to enjoy in these pages, though as always with humorous writing one's level of enjoyment will depend on whether it chimes with one's sense of what is funny or amusing. I wasn't very impressed by a rather dated piece entitled "Turks", a transcript of an experimental radio programme, which took the form of the author interviewing a gentleman of that nation on the subject of his fellow countrymen. For me it seemed silly rather than funny, so I skipped over it.   One of the poems that did amuse me was "The Town Clerk's Views", a satrical dig at modernising local bureaucrats which included the lines:   Oxford is growing up to date at last.   Cambridge, I fear, is living in the past.   She needs more factories, not useless things   Like that great chapel which they keep at King's.   The "I" there is, of course, the modernising official, and definitely not the author.   (Rating: 3.5 rounded up to 4)
772	1	I love this book! Of course, I am a huge fan of Grimm. This book is a collection of stories from Grimm in verse. Loved it!
80	2	I won this book in a goodreads giveaway. I am pleasantly surprised. I really enjoyed this poem of the life of Christ and what He did so we could live. I liked how it flowed. There were parts that really stirred me. The author really has a heart for evangelism. Poetry is usually a hard read for me, but anything about God I'm willing to read...I'm glad I did. Her love for God really shines forth.
110	2	What a horrible lil' dreamscape. Seriously, this book SCAWED me!!! (I might get in trouble for saying this, but I also think it's an incredibly interesting bedfellow with Plath's Ariel - which gets read too often as a diary, but I think is, like Crow, a kind of apocalyptic terror dream invoking origin stories, etc.) Anyway, definitely my favorite Hughes so far.
289	3	This was a wonderful book of poems, written by a variety of mystics from ancient times, including Hafiz, Rumi, St Francis Of Assisi, Kabir to name just a few. Keep this by your bedside and dip in and out of it these poems are to be indulged in savored over time to be read and reread. I have favourites if I could just even write one to give a taste of whats in this beautiful book:   Could you embrace that?   I said to God,'Let me love you'   And he replied,'Which part?'   'All of you, all of you' I Said.'   'Dear,'You are a mouse wanting to impregnate   a tiger who is not even in heat. In a feat away beyond your courage and strength you would run from me if I removed my mask.'   I said to God again,   'Beloved I need to love you - every aspect, every pore'   And this time God said'   'There is a hideous blemish on my body,though it is such an infinitesimal part of my being- could you kiss that if it was revealed?' 'I will try,Lord,I will try.'   And then God said, That blemish is all the hatred and cruelty in this world.   This was written by St Thomas Aquinas in the 12th century.   this is so moving and that the world really hasn't changed over the centuries.
798	1	The poetry is fine but as much as I want to, I can't really relate to it. I think I like the "idea" of Gary Snyder more than I like his work. Am I being unfair?
163	1	I love Erin Hansen so, so much.
897	3	Expressed in outward things; but soon I looked,   And behold; thrones were kingless, and men walked   One with the other even as spirits do,   None frowned, none trampled; hate, disdain, or fear,   Self-love or self-contempt, on human brows   No more inscribed, as o'er the gate of hell,   ''All hope abandon ye who enter here''   Shelly continued Aeschylus's story and transformed it into a symbolic drama about the origin of evil and its elimination. He wrote in his preface that Prometheus is, ''as it were, the type of the highest perfection of moral and intellectual nature.'' But he also warned that it is a mistake to suppose that the poem contains 'a reasoned system on the theory of human life.   Prometheus unbound is not a dramatized philosophical essay, nor a normal allegory, but a large and very intricate imaginative construction which involves premises about the nature of man and the springs of morality and creativity. It represented the view that both the origin of evil and the possibility of reform are the moral responsibility of man himself, just as social chaos and wars are gigantic projection of man's moral disorder and inner division and conflict.   To end up, with the Triumph of Life and some of the longer lyrics, Prometheus Unbound constitutes a weighty claim to rank Shelly as among the major poets.
503	3	I first read The White Goddess during a road trip with my ex at the turn of the century. I can remember several days when we were staying at a bed-and-breakfast in pre-Katrina New Orleans. It was neither overly warm nor overly humid, and my erstwhile spouse was recovering from serving as a mosquito smorgasbord, so I had some down time to sit out on the patio and read. I have to say that the first time through this book left me confused and lost; the second time through I'm on firmer ground in understanding what Graves is trying to do with his "historical grammar of poetic myth" and I'm glad I have spent the last few months reading it again.   Truly, you can read only the Forward and Chapter XXVI, "The Return of the Goddess," and get the gist of Graves' argument. What comes between is the convoluted path of erudition and intuition (and a certain amount of wish fulfillment on Graves' part) where he explains the original purpose of poetry (myth) and its perversion.   As Graves explains, poetic myth (the first poems) "are all grave records of ancient religious customs or events, and reliable enough as history once their language is understood and allowance has been made for errors in transcription, misunderstandings of obsolete ritual, and deliberate changes introduced for moral or political reasons." (p. 13) Poetry originates as the invocation of the Triple Goddess (Aphrodite-Hera-Hekate are just one of her many iterations, she's also the Muse who Homer calls upon in the Iliad) and the expression of the exaltation, horror and awe one feels in her presence. For millennia it was the religion of the Eastern Mediterranean and put out feelers throughout West Asia until it was perverted and eventually subsumed by invading patriarchal Sun worshippers (aka, Indo-Europeans and Semitic tribes) whose gods (Zeus, Apollo, Yahweh, etc.) usurped her attributes and - in the extreme case of Judaism and its descendants - denied the feminine principle entirely. This ur-religion persisted in a severely attenuated form in mystery cults (e.g., Eleusinian or Orphian), the bardic colleges of Ireland and Wales, and in witches' covens before nearly vanishing utterly except in the intuitive inspirations of modern poets who don't understand what it is they're invoking.   Graves' purpose in writing The White Goddess is nothing less than to restore the Goddess to her rightful position as the source of all acts of creation - physical, spiritual and intellectual - and depose the unholy trinity of Pluto, god of wealth; Apollo, god of science; and Mercury, god of thieves, who have ruled the world for the last three thousand+ years. (A sentiment shared by a growing number of people today, if not expressed quite so mystically.)   The book is a rather scathing indictment of Western civilization. Here's the author's description of the collapse of Western religion: "As a result, all but a very few have discarded their religious idealism, Roman Catholics as well as Protestants, and come to the private conclusion that money, though the root of all evil, is the sole practical means of expressing value or of determining social precedence; that science is the only accurate means of describing phenomena; and that a morality of common honesty is not relevant either to love, war, business or politics." (p. 476) And he anticipates Stephen Prothero's arguments in God Is Not One: The Eight Rival Religions That Run the World--and Why Their Differences Matter: "[N]o good can come from publicizing either the contradictions between the main revealed religions and their mutually hostile sects, or the factual mis-statements contained in their doctrines, or the shameful actions which they have all...been used to cloak. What is really being urged is an improvement in national and international ethics, not everyone's sudden return to the beliefs of his childhood - which, if undertaken with true religious enthusiasm, would obviously lead to a renewal of religious wars; only since belief weakened all around have the priests of rival religions consented to adopt a good-neighbourly policy." (p. 477)   Graves' solution to our woes is...idiosyncratic. It's certainly utopian and it's disturbingly nondemocratic:   If...it is wished to avoid disharmony, dullness and oppression in all social...contexts, each problem must be regarded as unique, to be settled by right choice based on instinctive good principle, not by reference to a code or summary of precedents; and, granted that the only way out of our political troubles is a return to religion, this must somehow be freed of its theological accretions. Positive right choosing based on moral principles must supersede negative respect for the Law which, though backed by force, has grown so hopelessly inflated and complex that not even a trained lawyer can hope to be conversant with more than a single branch of it. Willingness to do right can be inculcated in most people if they are caught early enough, but so few have the capacity to make a proper moral choice between circumstances or actions which at first sight are equally valid, that the main religious problem of the Western world, is...how to exchange demagogracy, disguised as democracy, for a non-hereditary aristocracy whose leaders will be inspired to choose rightly on every occasion, instead of blindly following authoritarian procedure. (p. 479)   And I think many people - while acknowledging many of the problems he points out - would balk at this answer. I got the impression that the author would not regret a return to the ancient ways of the Goddess, with year-kings and human sacrifices to ensure prosperity.   I can't recommend The White Goddess. If this brief review has sparked any interest or you're a fan of Graves, then you may want to try this book. If you're interested in authors such as Riane Eisler or Merlin Stone, there's interesting information here. As I wrote, you can skip or skim Chapters I through XXV, without losing the author's central message, which takes up all of 20 pages (in this edition).   A propos recommendations, three related texts readers might be interested in are the Prothero book referenced above, Derrick Jensen's Endgame, Vol. 1: The Problem of Civilization (and vol. 2) and Thomas Mann's The Tables of the Law (which has a decidedly different take on the worth of the Law), and then there's Graves' own works: King Jesus: A Novel and The Greek Myths: Combined Edition.
477	1	Reading this as a child was my first introduction to the imagery and brilliance of poetry. A classic.
282	3	Born to Love, Cursed to Feel is an interesting collection of poems. Very modern in style, some struck me as poignant and apt, making me consider things in my own life experiences; however, a few, to my mind, seemed rather self-indulgent. Some of my favourites were 'Perfect', 'Haunted', 'Canvas', and 'The Shoe Don't Fit'. Punctuation in these poems is minimal, and that didn't worry me, but when punctuation did occur it was sometimes grammatically incorrect, and that niggled at me. I see this collection appealing to fans of modern verse who like a faint touch of melodrama here and there.   I received this book as a free eBook ARC via NetGalley.
63	2	The dark side of Poe leads a reader down the path of possibilities and self evaluation. Random thoughts become chances in reality that each one of face at one time or other in our lives. Read these poems with an imaginative embrace and see if you don't ask yourself just once am I capable of ?
12	1	Reread this spring.
447	2	Though I finished the book I just didn't like it. Just not my type of style and didn't connect with poems so ended up skipping here and there.
494	2	Almost incomprehensible without secondary literature. In the first dozen pages or so, there are probably over 50 characters, many only deliver a single line. And i had almost no idea who they were or what anyone was talking about throughout most of the play. Faust Part One was entirely different, easily understood, and one of my favourites. The plot seems very disconnected, and not a point of focus.   The language though is always finely constructed and there are beautiful verses, but without much apparent meaning, I can't take very much away from it.   Disclaimer: I read this in the original German, my mother tongue.
10	2	Charming, witty, uniquely written and encompassing fascinating stories.
480	2	This is just one of those books that everyone should read at some point in their life. Beautiful and inspiring and heartbreaking. I love authors that can write about childhood in a way that is so pure and honest that any reader can relate their own experiences to what they are reading. If you are looking for a way to commemorate black history month before it is over, I highly recommend picking this up. It's written in free verse so it is a very quick read that completely sucks you in.
31	3	Seam is an intense poetry collection that mixes history with personal relations. Going back to 1971 and the Liberation War in Bangladesh, Faizullah starts off her collection in a brutal - and honest - way, stating in her poem 1971 how two hundred thousand women were raped, and over three million people killed. At this point, I was taken aback by what I had just read. I did not know of the Bangladesh Liberation War, and will how many were killed and raped, I am shocked that this is the first time I've read about it in detail. And the fact that families and friends would ostracize the survivors is sickening. It's scary to hear how normal the day started, going through the usual routines, before the soldiers came.   I think my favorite part of the poetry collection is how Faizullah starts some of her poems ("Interview with a Briangona") with a question. To read about the progression of when the soldiers came, to learning about what their lives were like after being taken while in the camp, how women bore children from the Pakistani rapists, and what life was like after the war - it felt like I was there in the poem, experiencing these horrible situations, even though whatever the captives have gone through is a thousand times worse than I could ever imagine, even with Faizullah's vivid imagery.   Faizullah does not hold back in her writing; her goal is to open her reader's eyes to the terrible, sickening ordeals that women went through during the Liberation War, and she succeeds in this. The way the women were called dogs, would sleep with the soldiers for something as small tea or an overripe fruit, is awful. Faizullah's writing is power and eye-opening, I think my favorite line of the whole collection is in an "Interviewer's Note," iv: "It is possible to live without memory Nietzsche said but is it possible to live with it?" And even though the collection centers around a dark topic, I love how Faizullah ends with looking towards a light, even though it's not enough light to see by. There's still hope left, even after something so terrible.
75	2	This was my first venture into poetry. (Thanks to the Book Riot 2015 Read Harder Challenge.) I was drawn to this collection because the writing is fairly straight-forward. I appreciated that the author's message was clear. It was darker than I expected. I admire how the author was able to bare his soul. It felt like the poetry was a type of therapy for him.
185	2	An interesting, modern retelling of Romeo & Juliet through the eyes of an Israeli and a Palestinian. A novel in verse.
884	1	amazing
799	2	This one is better than Anderson's book "Some of My Best Friends are Polka-Dot Pigs" but not much. The illustrations and rhymes are better. Sometimes she lists just animal names, but the names aren't next to the animals... so you're not always sure which is which. Anyway, it IS very bright and colorful, if that's what you're looking for.
551	1	Spine tingling! Ginising ang dugu ko ng librong ito! Parang magppaka bait nako simula ngayon! UHM!
565	1	I enjoyed reading this, and I will probably spend more time analyzing it over the summer since I added it to my MA Comp Exam reading list.
580	1	First time reading Donald Hall. My favorites-- "The Number," which I believe is a pantoum, "Blue Snow," "Maples," and "Alterations."
246	2	Okay, so I'm biased since Lynn was a professor of mine in college and someone who really inspired me to write poetry. (She even submitted me for a scholarship, which I won!) But I still love her style and the way she manages to merge two seemingly unrelated topics into a beautiful, complete work. My favorite title in the collection is "Snail Mail to the Corinthians." Love it!
559	2	The ugliest tears, the loveliest book. My one complaint is that it was over too soon. I wanted more. And how perfect is that, for a book about grieving? A library read that I will purchase.
55	3	Since I have become for intentional about my devotional life, I have read several different translations of the psalms. This is now my favorite. Norman Fischer has filtered his versions through his own spiritual life and heritage and then used his magnificent ability to write poetry to give me a new sense of what the psalms are speaking. The combination of Fischer's Jewish background, his own present practice of Buddhism and his Catholic friends must be what makes these so wonderful. I will go back to this book again and again.
902	1	piece of crap :-(
152	2	Mascaro's introduction is a classic in itself. I first read this translation of the Gita 13 years ago and it has been a constant companion ever since.
372	1	It's Hamlet.
383	2	Just the ideal pocket companion to the Staying Alive trilogy. It is only just out (summer 2012) and it travels with me for that quiet moment of pastoral poetry pleasure on the train, bus or coffee cup corner. Neil Astley has to be one of the best. That said ONLY buy this if you have bought the trilogy first!
818	1	You don't get much better than A.A. Milne when it comes to children's books, and E.H. Shepard's illustrations are the perfect accompaniment. The verse in here still pops into my head, many many years after it was first read to me.
903	2	The meter changes interestingly at some points, varying the lines that recall William Blake.
391	3	My senior year of high school I took Advanced Placement Latin: Vergil. This was our textbook. This past semester I took my first formal Latin course in 12 years, passed with flying colors, and decided to tackle this as Vergil wrote it.   I can't begin to claim that my comprehension was perfect on this reread, but it was good enough that the beauty of the verse and Vergil's poetic skill really stood out. Written during the reign of Caesar Augustus, The Aeneid is the pinnacle of Roman literature. Every Latin speaking poet from that time on was compared to Vergil, despite the author's death before the work reached completion. In fact, Vergil asked that Augustus burn the manuscript, but upon reading what there was, Augustus declared the work a masterpiece and ordered it copied. To call the work incomplete is something of a characterization. It would be more accurate to say that the final editing wasn't complete as there are a few in text contradictions.   I love epic poetry to begin with, and reading this in Latin allows one a very real insight into Roman thought and culture. There is a fair amount of propaganda promoting Augustus himself as an ideal ruler as well as the superiority of Rome herself, but at its root this is an epic tale in the best Greek tradition, artistically expanding upon the story of the foundation of the Roman people by native Latins and Trojan refugees.   Everyone should read The Iliad, The Odyssey, and The Aeneid at least once in their lives, and if you have the opportunity to learn Greek and Latin, it is worth the effort to attempt the task in the original tongues.
406	1	Please go to Sabotage reviews for my thoughts on this lovely chapbook.
516	2	This is a wonderful book about coming of age in the 60's/70's. It is written in verse which gives us snippets of a brown girl growing up in two places, New York and South Carolina. It was a very enjoyable story.
517	2	A little slow to start and left me, at first, a bit disappointed. However, its power picked up quickly. Still not as impressive and awe-inspiring as her other works, but undeniably masterful. In this collection, Plath demonstrates the utmost control.
895	3	For national poetry month, I decided to dip into this writing form for the first time in several years. I chose Emma Lazarus, made famous (well, her disembodied words, anyway) by the last few lines of her poem "The New Colossus" being enshrined on the Statue of Liberty.   I was most curious about this 19th century American woman's connection to Judaism, and I gravitated to those poems the most. Her earliest cultural poem, "In the Jewish Synagogue At Newport," was stifled and removed, but in her later life she embraced Judaism more fully. In response to the anti-Jewish pogroms raging across the Russian Empire in the 1880s, she contributed to causes, wrote newspaper articles, and of course it shaped her poetry. "In Exile" starts with an excerpt from a letter written by a Russian refugee in Texas, and ends with the stanza:   "Hark! through the quiet evening air, their song   Floats forth with wild sweet rhythm and glad refrain.   They sing the conquest of the spirit strong,   The soul that wrests the victory from pain;   The noble joys of manhood that belong   To comrades and to brothers. In their strain   Rustle of palms and Eastern streams one hears,   And broad prairie melts in mist of tears."   It seems that Lazarus was not discounting the pain of oppression, but the "victory from pain" belongs to leaving Eastern Europe for the promise of America. Even in her non-Jewish poems she wrote of America's promise.   In a long, prose poem, "By the Waters of Babylon," she compared the 1492 expulsion of the Spanish Jews to Christopher Columbus's journey to the Americas and the promise of a new, accepting country wiping away the blemishes of the old. From her first stanza, "The Exodus (August 3, 1492)":   "14. Whither shall they turn? for the West hath cast them out, and the East refuseth to receive.   15. O bird of the air, whisper to the despairing exiles, that to-day, to-day, from the many-masted gayly bannered port of Palos, sails the world-unveiling Genoese, to unlock the golden gates of sunset and bequeath a Continent to Freedom!"   Lazarus was not a religious Jew, and like many tribes people who attempt to envision a home for the Hebrews (think Theodor Herzl and secular Zionism around the same time period), she seemed to view the "Orthodox" as the talisman of a world that rejected them. In her last stanza, "Chrysalis," she predicted:   "1. Long, long has the Orient-Jew spun around his helplessness, the cunningly enmeshed web of Talmud and Kabbala.   2. Imprisoned in dark corners of misery and oppression, closely he drew about him the dust-gray filaments, soft as silk and stubborn as steel, until he lay death-stiffened in mummied seclusion.   3. And the world has named him an ugly worm, shunning the blessed daylight.   4. But when the emancipating springtide breathes wholesome, quickening airs, when the Sun of Love shines out with cordial fires, lo, the Soul of Israel bursts her cobweb sheath, and flies forth attired in the winged beauty of immortality."   Seems like she implied that the only way for Judaism to survive is for a loving home to accept them, so that they burst free of their "cobweb sheath" of religious learning, and embrace "immortality." Interesting juxtaposition to how others might see Jewish assimilation as a danger!   Lazarus, of course, was also the product of a time when Judaism couldn't be so easily thrown off, merely because of the millennia of antisemitism in the Old World. The Holocaust, not even a gleam of a possibility in her lifetime, ultimately inspired the idea of the Israeli "sabra," the "tough Jew" who doesn't take antisemitic shit from anyone. But Lazarus saw a beauty in suffering, or perhaps more accurately in a humble, oft-maligned, but devoted life. In her poem, "Gifts," she dedicated stanzas to our old oppressors, the Egyptians, Greeks and Romans, who ask the powers that be for magnanimous fortune, only for their empires to ultimately fade. Then she ended with:   "O Godhead, give me Truth!" the Hebrew cried.   His prayer was granted; he became the slave   Of the Idea, a pilgrim far and wide,   Cursed, hated, spurned, and scourged with one to save.   The Pharaohs new him, and when Greece beheld,   His wisdom wore the hoary crown of Eld.   Beauty he hath forsworn, and wealth and power.   Seek him to-day, and find in every land.   No fire consumes him, neither floods devour;   Immortal through the lamp within his hand."   There's so much more poetry in here--sonnets, and pieces inspired by everything from Chopin's and Schumann's music (should have maybe listened to some while reading) to her relationships with other poets. It's an older style that is not always to my tastes; I appreciate the cadence and imagery, but would probably connect to something more modern.   I also didn't really like John Hollander's intro too much; his bitterness was distracting when he talked about the Modernist dismissal of Romantic poetry, and then he got defensive about women having a tougher time with publication and recognition than men.   But on the up side, the volume did include some of Lazarus's translations of Medieval Hebrew poets. My favorite was the sneaky "Donna Clara" by Heinreich Heine, where an antisemitic woman expresses devotion to her lover, only to discover at the end that he's the son of a Rabbi. Expressed in witty rhymes, of course. :P
102	1	This was a superb book of poems! I interviewed Ali about the book here: http://www.quillandquire.com/authors/...
743	1	Holy shit, a powerful and beautiful book, both in terms of its content about racism and its craft playing with different poem types and structure. I will need to read this again (and probably again and again).   Full review on my blog here.
48	3	This is a nice little collection of poems by Billy Collins, a poet that I was introduced to by a college professor. Collins' poetry is very concise and to the point, and he uses his writing to speak with past poets and poems (including Philip Larkin, Wallace Stevens, Robert Frost, Raymond Chandler, Thomas Hardy, Emily Dickinson, and Walt Whitman). My favorite poem of the collection is "Tension," in which Collins explores the writer's use of the word "suddenly" to create tension.
276	2	Definitely for older children. Great way to introduce poetry.   Keywords: colors, african-american, multicultural, emotions, family
814	1	I am dazzled by Robert Priest's wonderful word play. Love the love poems too.
651	1	best book I've read on poetic meter
618	1	Companion to "Where the Sidewalk Ends". Excellent.
373	1	He is my new book boyfriend
845	3	The concept of the poems in this book intrigues me, but to read them is just boring. I like my poems to MEAN something, to come from a person's heart. These poems are to cerebral, too much like a science or sociology experiment. I realize this is just my personal taste, so if you like poetry still check this one out just to see what MacLow was all about. I just couldn't finish it.
758	2	I enjoyed reading Silverstein's poems to our children as much as they did. We all enjoyed the silly poems, but I appreciated the deep, wonderful truths, too.   Listen to the MUSTN'TS, child,   Listen to the DON'TS   Listen to the SHOULDN'TS   the IMPOSSIBLES, the WON'TS   Listen to the NEVER HAVES   Then listen close to me--   Anything can happen, child,   ANYTHING can be.   This volume also contains "Early Bird," "Boa Constrictor," and a family favorite, "Sarah Cynthia Sylvia Stout Would Not Take the Garbage Out."   Reread.
335	2	A story told from multiple points of view. Various teens from totally different dysfunctional homes all find their way to Keesha's house. Issues include being homeless, gay, teen & parent alcoholism, grandparents as parents, sexual abuse, and the foster care system. Makes the reader aware of a lot of social issues when all too often, people just see teens behaving poorly.
479	2	loved it. The voice and foreshadowing make it a teacher pleaser. Written in verse will make it a student pleaser. The narrative story will entice the most reluctant reader.
401	3	Reviewed by Kira M for TeensReadToo.com   This is a collection of short stories written by high school students and what their life is like where they live. It also includes a brief explanation of what happened to them after the first publication of this book.   The fourth anthology compiled by Hanging Loose Magazine, this is a collection filled with stories that are true, down-to-earth, and heartfelt. The compilation is done well, and high school students seem well-represented by this small group of stories and poems.   Readers who like realistic fiction, poetry, and short stories will enjoy reading WHEN WE WERE COUNTRIES.
547	1	short but worth
829	2	I'm so glad to say that I personally know one of the artists whose work is shown in this book. I'm determined to collect the entire series now!
79	3	This is my first encounter with Adrian C Louis, and it won't be my last. The poems that make up RANDOM EXORCISMS are filled with a gritty reflectiveness and an acerbic humor fans of Charles Bukowski, Dan Fante, Harry Crews et al. can appreciate while savoring Louis' singular style. Throughout the collection, Louis gives us a striking depiction of the rustic Midwestern and Native American landscapes as well as his own emotional landscape following the passing of his wife. Other memories of decades past are also "exorcised," masterfully interwoven into the occurrences and observations of the poet's current daily life, giving the language a dream-like/stream of consciousness quality. Faulkner said, "The past is never dead. It's not even the past." I feel Louis' poetry is a testament to this famous quote, but it's also much more: introspective to the human condition, confrontational, quirky, heart-wrenching, but tough-skinned and gut-level honest, through and through. Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
787	2	I heard about these seasonal poetry books on an episode of Books by the Nightstand, a podcast I came late too which ended as I was heading in, and one of the host mentioned the winter edition, which I read last winter. I really enjoyed that one and this past spring read that season. So yesterday, on July 4th, I started the summer poetry collection and I just loved it. It brought to life all the emotions and transitions of summer into light. How it is slow pacing and yet vibrant with life. I think summer may be my favorite of these collections.
562	3	I absolutely adored this book. The synopsis heralds Clair's "heroic quest for purpose and belonging" as "the perfect literary epic for our uncertain times" - and it's not wrong. The fact that the story takes the form of an epic poem could certainly put off the unassuming teenager and this is a great shame, because really they have nothing to fear - the language is modern and straightforward, rather than archaic, while retaining its lyricism and namedropping literary or philosophical concepts with a light modern wit (I laughed out loud at the description of one character as "the Platonic idea for Hot Boy"); the blank verse means that there are no awkward rhyming structures or syllable restrictions to break the flow of the story (what could be more satisfying than iambic pentameter, the natural flow of the spoken word?); and the themes of the story - those of identity, belonging, friendship, morality - are greatly applicable to today's society.   I would recommend The Epic of Clair to anyone that doesn't abhor young adult fiction, because that's the only reason that you might not enjoy this book. Don't normally go in for poetry? Don't worry; the style is so completely unobtrusive that you'll likely fall in love with its gentle rhythm.   In particular, if you are a parent or a teacher, please please please have a look at this book - it could very well be the literary gateway your kids want.   For the full-length review, visit: http://www.thelittlecrocodile.com/the...   Many thanks to the author for providing me with a complimentary copy of this book!
249	2	Far better than the Dover edition of Great Love Poems. Some classics that everyone knows and some, wonderfully enough, that I've never read before or heard of before.
173	3	The beauty about this collection of poems is how each person will take away something different. No matter who you are or what you are going through, I guarantee you'll find something within this book to help you along the way. Personally, I got the most out of The Healing section based on where I am in my life. Milk and Honey will remain on my bookshelf and definitely be re-read as needed.
677	2	An excellent book of poetry. Lindsay writes with beauty across history, biography, and other settings. Highly recommended.
398	2	I received my copy of this book yesterday from Barnes & Noble....and even though I paid for it, I felt like a child who received a wonderful gift.   When I first learned-from somewhere on the internet- that Gibran had a romantic relation with May Ziadah, I could not believe it...I thought it's just some tales for publicity...then I learned that Gibran's letters to May were published, and to my surprise there is an English version.   when I went to order the book, I was expecting they'd tell me it's out of print or it does not exist....today, I look at this book in my hands in disbelieve!   Yesterday, in the car, I indulged the first ten pages...then I kept going back and fourth reading few lines every while and then.   I think I'll be addicted to Gibran's writing for a while   right now i'm on page 24, and I'm amazed of how pure and divine his feelings are...he talks to her as if she's his...as if they're married for years...at the end of each letter he says "May God keep you for me"   Can't wait to read the Arabic version!   April 28, 2009   It must be very frustrating to be in love with someone who's faraway...how did they survive such love?   May 1, 2009   How were they able to indure all that love without any attempts to meet?   Were they scared of taking the challenge? The Challenge of love!   May expressed her fear of love, but Gibran was very sure of his feelings and he reassured her...so why didn't he take the right step forward and proposed to her?   Gibran & May love story is one of the strangest I've ever read!   And from what I've learned so far, I think many threads are missing leaving a reader like me with a lot to inquire!   May 4, 2009
227	2	By far, one of the best books that I've read this year so far! <3 Check out my thoughts on the blog!!
900	2	All of the expected City Lights favorites are here -- Ginsberg, Kerouac, Rexroth, Patchen, di Prima. The pleasure was in the surprises -- some highlights:   Malcolm Lowry:   "Thoughts leave the pitiless city;/Yet ships themselves are iron and have no pity;/Wile men have hearts and sides that strain and rust."   I'd also recommend Lowry's "The Volcano is Dark" on page 83.   Phillip Lamantia from "Voice of the Earth Mediums"   "We are truly fed up/with mental machines of peace & war/ nuclear monoxide brains, cancerous computers / motors sucking our hearts of blood/ that once sang the choruses of natural birds!"   Bob Kauffman from "Heavy Water Blues"   "I went to a masquerade/ Disguised as myself/ Not one of my friends/ Recognized"   And finally, I am anxious to find and read more Niccanor Parra -- just a sample of his Anti-Poems:   "Let's try to be happy is what I say, sucking the miserable human rib.   Let's extract invigorating liquid from it,   Everyone according to his personal inclination.   Hold fast to this divine carcass!   Panting and trembling,   Suck those maddening lips,   Our lot is cast.   Let's breathe this destructive and enervating perfume   And live the life of the chosen few just one more day."
909	3	Lines Composed a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey - William Wordsworth 6 June, 1982   Read for AP English. I rather like Wordsworth, even though I'm not a huge poetry fan.   Norton Anthology of English Literature Volume II, which I have kept   ***   31 March, 2017   Reread today because it came to my attention. Thirty-five years on, I'm not the same person who read it then. Now I have a daughter in her own senior year of high school. It seems an unbelievable length of time, and yet, hardly any. The math is accurate. But thirty-five years since I graduated high school? And here I am, full circle, worrying about Russia and nuclear war, and the Berlin Wall is now a piece of rubble in that part of the kitchen where strange things show up from time to time. Inconceivable.   I don't share Wordsworth's delight in the countryside in general, although I did find delight in standing outside just now, after the rain, looking for a rainbow. Still I think I get some of what he was trying to say. None of the people who were with me in that last year are near me now, although I suppose I could connect with them all on FaceBook, well, except my parents, who have both died. But I think I get the point he was making about being able to return to a place after whatever changes I've been through, and to feel again the same kinds of sensations. The place I return to isn't a scenic walk in the mountains at the Borders, it's a text, which is the only permanence I know.   There are only two kinds of poetry I care for, still: light verse which amuses and delights Old Possum's Book never gets old to me, nor The Jabberwocky, and poetry like this, that gets at the feelings. I suppose it is the same way I feel about music, that it is an easy and reliable way into a particular emotion.   None of this sheds any light on Wordsworth's poem, and my AP English teacher wouldn't have accepted a paper like this, but this is what reading is for me: a way to share emotions with other people across space and time, or even just with myself. An emotional time machine. I think he'd understand that.   Free copy from Project Gutenberg
560	1	I think this is ok. But I had a hard time getting into it. I think I just don't really relate to the character (55 yo male, single, smokes cigars)
737	1	** spoiler alert **   It was okay, a little frustrating because you know what is going to happen. Also, its interesting how everyone dies in the last two pages.
719	2	amazing heartbreaking heartmending. riveting enough to keep my attention while hanging out with little kids at the water park & also in the backseat of a long long car ride from North Carolina to Philadelphia. really one of the best books of poems i've read in a long time.
115	2	A great collection of children's rhymes and fingerplays for children. Many of them are slightly different versions than the ones I grew up with (often with just a few words of difference). I spent hours going through this book with my toddler, who just could not get enough of it, and despite the hundreds of pages, could always find her favorites.
92	2	Poems: 3 stars   Illustrations: 3 stars   A multi-author collection of children's poetry about ghosts. The Ghostly Grocer of Grumble Grove by Jack Prelutsky is outstanding. The other poems in the collection are not especially remarkable. Illustrations are black-and-white pencil drawings.
57	1	So cute !
28	3	Find this and other Reviews at In Tori Lex   This book is a beautiful reflection at how racist microaggressions that most minority's face mentally chip away at the people who experience them. It's documents the weight of excusing racists slights and ignoring views in attempts to just exist as human.The book navigates between short poems and powerful vignettes. One of the most memorable being the disconcerting feeling and shame that happens when your friend says something to you that is racist, and it markedly changes how you feel about that person, no matter how many times they explain it's a joke.   "...a friend once told you there exists the medical term- John Henryism- for people exposed to stresses stemming from racism. They achieve themselves to death trying to dodge the buildup of erasure."   The resounding truth I read in these poems, and the sigh of relief I felt reading came because I try very hard to look past small acts of racism. But it felt great to read that it's not normal to play by rules that have addendum's just for you, and meekly never complain. Claudia Rankin explains the racism that Serena Williams has experienced and how it is often overlooked even as she completely dominates her sport. Yesterday a sport's commentator in reference to Venus Williams said "You see Venus move in and put the gorilla effect on. Charging." This illustrates how black athletes often deal with racism, and cast it aside as apart of the game, but that cost paid is never acknowledged.   "because white men can't   police their imagination   black people are dying"   This poetry collection includes mixed media. It highlights pictures, art installations and even refers to YouTube videos. I enjoyed it because the inclusion of modern illustrations and references made it a contemporary reflection for us all. The book also describes situations, which are videos produced on her website. I won't review the videos but I found context for what was described with out them. I would recommend this book to everyone, as a solid way to begin to understand how it feels to exist as an other in our society.
484	1	vivid and crisp, the bubbles in the ice of both poles would be pleased.
763	1	This excerpt from one poem says it all:   nothing against   Beethoven:   he did fine   for what he   was   but I wouldn't want   him   on my rug   with one leg   over his head   while   he was   licking   his balls.
905	2	This was pretty good, but it was a little bit like being in a hallmark store. About every third paragraph an aphorism jumps out and tries to make me buy an inspirational coffee cup. Hallmark should include the subversive context on their calendars...
886	3	Text: 5 stars   Art: 4 stars   This interactive picture book uses haiku as clues in a guessing game. Each poem describes a different animal that appears on the next page. There are also visual clues provided underneath each poem. Fun way for children to learn about haiku poetry. There is an explanation of the haiku form in the back of the book. It even defines a syllable and teaches you how to count them. Would make an engaging series with a different focus for the guessing game in each book.
512	2	This Impossible Light is a beautiful wok of art. Combining poetry and narrative, the culmination is not only touching, but incredibly relateable. If you enjoyed, "Shrinking Women" this is a must. It takes the story of a young girl suffering from an eating disorder, and complicates it. By making it about her: her relationship with grief, her mother, and her friends, this book reads quickly, but will move you. I loved every aspect, from the mathematical concepts, to the thematic touches, to the word choices. It deals with issues of fractured families, changing bodies, and moving on. While it can be impossible for us to find the light at some moments or another, it is always there. I cannot get over how in love I am with this story and am already looking forward to reading it again.   Disclaimer: I received this book in exchange for an honest review from Netgalley   full review: https://utopia-state-of-mind.com/revi...
816	1	I did not understand this book at all.
