853	G	mexican Someone hailing or claiming ancestry from Mexico.
837	G	basicism the professional art of being basic
281	G	olivia A beautiful wonderful hearted girl. ;; Wonderful to talk to . Always there for someone, great person. Absolutely FUN.
576	R	vampire ass An ass so juicy you just can help but sink your teeth into it.
209	R	computer a machine for downloading porn
610	PG-13	linkjack To post something on reddit that was previously posted to Digg.
933	PG-13	food press Another word for taking a dump
726	R	taint The area between the nutsack and asshole that prevent a man from shitting on his nuts. See [durf].
48	R	marijuana God's gift to mankind
986	R	spectaphile a person who is sexually attracted to people with glasses ;; related: sapiosexual, geek freak, naughty librarian
338	PG-13	atheism plus A bunch of frauds. Despite having atheist in its name it really isn't atheism at all. Their goal is to subvert atheism with the religion of feminist indoctrination and bitch about non existent misogyny. ;; To these people any legitimate questioning of feminists and female privilege is grounds for calling anyone a misogynist. Atheism Plus is really nothing more then an attempt at co-opting the meaning of atheism.
582	PG-13	business shower An intimate shower taken between 2 persons solely for the purpose of saving time, completely devoid of any sexual connotation.
156	PG-13	hit the slide To quit one's job in truly stunning fashion.
693	PG-13	sugar honey iced tea Sugar - S ;; Honey - H ;; Iced - I ;; Tea - T ;; It means 'SHIT', you just say Sugar Honey Iced Tea when you can't openly swear.
863	R	flavorgasm when eating food so good that you let out an involuntary moan, usually the first bite; also as an adjective - flavorgasmic
791	PG-13	dude A word that americans use to address each other. Particularly stoners, surfers and skaters.
573	PG-13	right-of-stay when two cars disregard the right-of-way guidelines they were supposed learn from a driver's manual when they were 16, resulting in both cars to remain motionless at an intersection assuming the other car will make the first move. Usually after about 1o seconds both cars will go at the same time which leads to a firestorm of profanity and/or an accident.
242	NC-17	muddy helmet The term Muddy Helmet is used in reference to a film residue, coating, paste, or chunks of shit remaining on the head or just below the head of a cock after anal sex. ;; This phenomenon results from pounding an anus not fully cleaned of feces. ;; The term is often used when speaking of homosexual sex. ;; A muddy helmet is sometimes referred to as a 'fag fuck cock collar' or a 'shit kiss'.
993	PG-13	h8 California's propositon 8 (the bill to make gay marriage illegal), as described by opponents of prop 8. Creates the word 'hate' when read aloud.
789	PG-13	tiger's wife mad the act of being so angry at someone that you find the item they cherish most and beat them with it.
981	R	jerk The kind of guy most girls ACTUALLY want when they say they want a [Nice Guy]. ;; Jerks are selfish, manipulative bastards who see women as little more then sexual conquests to brag about to their buddies or mere objects that are there for their personal pleasure. As to ensure the post-sex breakup will be in their favor, Jerks often play the 'sensative guy' early on so the girl will make most of the moves on HIM, and after he's done with her and dumps her for some other girl just like her, he can make it look like she's at fault for coming on too strong, and consequently she'll take him back if he chooses to return for seconds. ;; Typically are/were [Frat Boy]s, [Jock]s, and [Prep]s in school.
499	PG-13	idgaf An acronym for 'I don't give a fuck'. ;; -Indifference ;; Used when you don't care about something, or have no opinion on a matter. ;; Sometimes used without the 'i', ie 'I dgaf about her'.
108	G	and then i found five dollars a phrase used at the end of a story that had really no point to be told to someone. used at the end of boring stories to make them seem more interesting and worthwhile.
768	R	fob First of all...Fob's are immigrants a.k.a. Fresh off the boat. There are many kinds of fobs (i cant really take credit for this becuz i got this off a site. I added some in) ;; Twinkie ;; - Besides your nationality, there is little to distinguish you from white people ;; - Your significant other is not Asian and never has been ;; - You have few Asian friends, if any ;; - You are embarrassed at family events because you cannot speak your language and everyone has to switch to English to communicate with you ;; - You have no idea that the other types of Asians on this list even exist ;; - You think Hello Kitty is dumb and do not know what Sanrio is ;; - You are the only Asian on this list that does not know what Bubble Tea is ;; - You drive a Ford or some other domestic car and if you drive a Honda, it is stock ;; Asian-American ;; - You claim yourself as Asian, but real Asians think you're whitewashed and non-Asians see you as a foreigner. You fit in nowhere ;; - You have heard of Bubble Tea but have never actually had any ;; - You are confused about your cultural identity and express this frustration through spoken word performances at your college ;; - You read A. magazine and think it's great ;; - You do not know who Leon, Aaron, Sammi, Hikki, or Kangta are ;; - You are only vaguely aware of the other Asians below ;; Yap (Young Asian Professional) ;; - You are in one of these professions: ;; a) Medicine / Pharmaceutical ;; b) Engineering ;; c) Finance ;; d) Investment Banking ;; e) Accounting ;; - Most of your wardrobe was purchased at Banana Republic ;; - You go to 'mixers' on Thursday nights to meet other Yaps and talk about the Dow Jones. ;; - You did exactly what your parents wanted you to do and as a result, your life is hella boring ;; - Your apartment/home is decorated almost exclusively with stuff from Pier 1 ;; - Your parents always talk to their friends about how much money you make. If they don't, then you're a dissapointment ;; Fob (Fresh Off tha Boat) ;; - You were not born in America ;; - You know who Leon, Aaron, Sammi, Hikki, and Kangta are. In fact, you have seen them at Atlantic City or Las Vegas recently ;; - You speak your native language fluently and so do all your friends ;; - You do not have any non-Asian friends ;; - Your parents do not speak any English ;; - When you speak English, you like to make everything plural ;; - You get extremely good grades in school ;; - You cannot dance ;; - Your fashion sense comes from whatever country you're from and you incorporate nothing from American fashion into your wardrobe ;; SuperFob ;; - Your command of the English language is minimal and you don't care ;; - You like dim sum chicken feet ;; - You do not own a single CD, VCD, Video game, or DVD that isn't bootlegged ;; - Your only hangout is Chinatown ;; - All the lights in your house are fluorescent ;; - You dry your cloths outside your window ;; - You need a haircut ;; - You either smell like cigarettes or food ;; Fobabee ;; - You are an Asian-American or Twinkie who has recently 'awoken' ;; - You have a newly found fetish of Asian girls/boys ;; - You have taken the Asian Studies course at college ;; - You are trying to learn as much as possible about your culture to make up for your lifetime of trying to be white (Twinkie ; Banana) or Black (Chigger ; Tea egg) ;; - If you are lucky, you will grow to become Fobulous ;; Gangsta Fob (Fobsta) ;; - You have shot another Asian ;; - Your favorite hangout is a pool hall ;; - When you talk, you sound like a cross between a Fob and an urban black kid ;; - Your hair looks silly, but no one will tell you because you'll shoot them ;; - You have a serious gambling problem ;; - You are a Rice-boy, but your mods are cheap and are never painted to match the rest of your car ;; - No one tells you your rice ride looks cheap because you'll shoot them ;; - You want to have a Tab girlfriend, but can only get Hoochie Tabs ;; Tab (Trendy Asian B*tch) ;; - You shop at A/X, Bebe and Club Monaco ;; - You only wear black and will occasionally wear white to 'mix it up' ;; - You do not weigh more than 105 lbs ;; - You have never paid for dinner at a restaurant in your life ;; - Platform heels are your favorite ;; - You are a makeup expert, in fact, you appear completely flawless ;; - You do not smile in public ;; - You are the object of desire of all Asian men and you know it ;; - You smoke ;; - Your cell phone is completely customized ;; - On the inside flip of your cell phone is a sticker pic of you and your man ;; - Somewhere in your purse is a Sanrio item ;; - You only date Asian and will only date a boy with a nice car ;; - You are often seen with Rice-boys ;; - You never travel alone. You are either in the company of other Tabs or your Rice-boy boyfriend ;; Hoochie Tab ;; - You are an import car model ;; - Your boobs are not real ;; - There are naked pictures of you floating around on the internet somewhere ;; - Stiletto heels are your favorite ;; - Your role models are Francine Dee and Kaila Yu ;; - Your boyfriend is a Gangsta Fob ;; - You cheat on your boyfriend ;; - Unlike most Asians, you do not do well in school ;; Rice-Boy ;; - You drive an Asian import. Usually a Honda or Acura ;; - Your souped up car (known as a Rice-ride or Rice-rocket) is unrecognizable from it's original stock form ;; - Your exhaust pipe is big enough for your head to fit in ;; - The spoiler on your car looks like it was made by Boeing ;; - The interior of your car also looks like it was designed by Boeing ;; - You always drive like you are racing someone ;; - You are not afraid of dying in a crash, but you are afraid of speed bumps and parking lot on-ramps ;; - The only other person besides yourself who can sit in your car is your 105 lbs Tab girlfriend. If anyone else sits in your car, the entire bottom of it will be touching the ground ;; - Even though your car is a Honda, it goes faster and is worth more than a Lotus Esprit ;; - If you drive a Civic, your dream car is a Supra. If you drive a Supra, your dream car is a Skyline (which you can never have). Poor Rice-boy. ;; Fobulous ;; - You speak perfect English and you are fluent in your native language ;; - You have Asian friends as well as non-Asian friends ;; - You listen to Asian pop as well as American music ;; - You are equally aware of both popular American culture and Asian pop culture ;; - You are a good dancer ;; - You date Asian by choice even though you could rock the opposite sex of any other race ;; - You are a good designer and have superior Html skills ;; - You have an Apt107 page AND an AA page and the guest books in both are packed ;; - For you, FOB stands for Fabulous Oriental Being ;; - You have lots of Asian pride ;; Pob ;; - A Filipino fob. ;; - Words that start with F tend to be pronounced with a P. (Fuck you..Pobarized version: PUCK you) ;; - FUll accent
840	PG-13	stall waiting When you realize that you and your neighbor have ;; finished using the bathroom at the same time so you delay exiting the stall a few seconds to avoid ;; any uncomfortable eye contact or 'excuse me's while leaving the stall. ;; Wait period is usually until the person reaches the buffer zone of ;; the sink, where all normal social etiquettes are re-activated.
932	PG-13	zing An interjection commonly used after making a witty joke at someone else's expense while they are present.
301	PG-13	derp A simple, undefined reply when an ignorant comment or action is made. Brought to life in the South Park series, when Mr. Derp made a guest apperance at South Park Elementary as the chef for a day, followed by hitting himself in the head with a hammer and exclaiming 'Derp!'
387	G	nice Used as a filler during a pause in conversation. Doesn't necessarily mean something complimentary.
491	PG-13	recrap To sum up a discussion composed largely of useless [bullshit].
919	PG-13	world war ii Germany invades Czechoslovakia. ;; Britain & France tell them to stop that bullshit. ;; Germany invades Poland. ;; (Russia also invades Poland from the other side: everybody forgets this.) ;; Britain & France declare war. This is the 'official' kick-off. ;; Italy, Bulgaria, Hungary, & Romania all join the German side. (Everybody forgets the last three.) ;; Axis forces go through Europe like vindaloo through a colostomy. ;; Nazis exterminate Jews, gays, gypsies, & the disabled. (everybody remembers the jews but forgets the rest.) ;; UK holds out. ;; Russia & the USA don't do shit. ;; Entire divisions of Danish, Belgian, Dutch, Norwegian, French & Serbian volunteers join the Axis armies & SS. (everybody forgets this & to listen to them now, they were all in the fucking resistance, which must have been MASSIVE.) ;; Axis forces invade Russia. Suddenly the Russians don't think it's funny any more. ;; Japan joins the Axis & bombs Pearl Harbor. ;; Suddenly the US doesn't think it's funny any more. ;; The USA tools up the world, 'cause it's got more factories than everybody else put together, & they're out of bomber range. ;; Axis runs out of steam in Russia, cause Russia's enormous & bloody freezing. ;; Allies invade on D-Day... 5 landings: 2 British, 2 American, 1 Canadian. (everybody forgets the Canadians.) ;; Hitler ends up smouldering in a ditch. Russians find the body & confirm he only had one ball. Seriously. ;; The US decides invading stuff is a pain in the ass and invents the atom bomb instead. Drops two buckets 'o sunshine on Japan. ;; Russians steal half of Europe. ;; UK's spent almost every penny it had. ;; US starts telling everybody how it was all about them, & 64 years later is still doing so.
50	R	horny Turned on immensely ;; For guys: When their heart rate speeds up and their dicks become stiff and hard. ;; For girls: When their heart rate speeds up and their pussies become wet and slippery.
217	R	fuckboi A guy who tries to get with everyone. A player. A guy who will lie to a girl to make them hook up with them or send pics. They think they are the shit when they aren't. A guy who will only date a girl for their body. A total ass. A guy that will make a girl cry and laugh, and a guy who lies when they said I love you
888	NC-17	nate a sexual action performed by a man that involves having heterosexual relations and ejaculating vertically into one's own mouth, instead of onto or into the female. Also can be done as a solo ejaculation move.
74	R	ho A word Santa Clause says three times when he sees your wife, mother and sister together in the same room.
126	R	fap The onomatopoeic representation of masturbation. Often used to suggest that something is attractive.
566	R	wand erection a funnier and more accurate name for one direction
263	PG-13	this guy knows what i'm talking about An expression used to diffuse responsibility for an unpopular statement made in a public setting. Typically used to imply complicity or collusion on the part of an unwilling stranger.
718	PG-13	irish handcuffs when a person is carrying an alcoholic beverage in both hands at the same time.
597	G	santaphobia The fear of Santa Clause watching you sleep, breaking into your home and giving you gifts.
670	G	internest The concoon of blankets, pillows, duvets, and comfy things you gather around yourself to keep warm whilst spending long amounts of time on the internet.
310	G	hiberdating Verb - Someone who ignores all their other friends when they are dating a boyfriend/girlfriend
804	G	to be honest TBH spelled out
878	PG-13	edward cullen A psycho who goes into girls bedrooms to watch them sleep. May or may not sparkle.
849	G	mcdonalds A place where people eat alot, get fat, and then sue to get money.
581	G	psychic A person with a supernatural talent for finding money.
865	PG-13	poo Poo well, they're are many types of poo in this universe ;; There is ;; THE SWEETCORN - Poo that has leftover sweetcorn from last night's dinner ;; THE PELLETS - Little pellets of poo that comes out of your ass like a machine gun ;; THE FIREBALL - A big poo that really hurts and leaving your ass hot, usually happens after a curry ;; THE SLIPPY - A poo that swiftly moves out of your bottom that requires no wiping ;; THE WATERHOSE - When a massive monsoon of shit comes out of your bottom and requires hours of wiping ;; THE NEVERENDING STORY - An amazing acheivment is when a poo goes on and on and on....... ;; THE STEAMY HEAPY - Boy, That is basically ONE MASSIVE SHIT!!!!!!! ;; THE STICKY - When you have a poo stuck onto the hairs of your crack and requires hours of wiping (maybe a pair of scissors)
448	PG-13	balls out To exude tremendous effort, to try extremely hard.
485	PG-13	friends with penalties A friendship, most often between a man and women, that you do everything that you would when dating, but without romantic or sexual behavior. Many people assume the two of you are dating when in public. Note: Neither party wants something more out of the relationship.
419	PG-13	scrub A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly ;; And is also known as a buster ;; Always talkin' about what he wants ;; And just sits on his broke ass ;; A scrub is a guy that cant get no love from me ;; Hanging out the passenger side ;; Of his best-friend's ride ;; Trying to holler at me
148	PG-13	goth Someone who likes the darker side of things. They usually listen to death metal and goth music, such as Dismember and Bauhaus. Marilyn Manson is NOT goth. He's just...weird. Real goths are not depressing and suicidal like the posers you see at Hot Topic. Goths are fun to be around and aren't afraid to laugh at themselves every so often. They don't worship Satan and aren't evil despite what some ignorant people might say. Goths don't all dress alike either. They like to create their own unique style. Goths are also very intelligent and creative. A lot of them are writers and artists. Goths DON'T envy the popular people. They are what they are because it makes them happy. Goths would rather stay who they are and be among the so called 'freaks' than be like everyone else and be popular. They understand that there are more important things in life than popularity, and usually succeed in life while the popular ones don't become much of anything. ;; If someone becomes 'goth' because they couldn't get any friends or are depressed and angry all the time, they are most likely a poser.
557	PG-13	stall stall In public bathrooms, the act of remaining in a bathroom stall after having completed one's business, in order to maintain anonymity (whether by avoiding someone who has entered later, or finished sooner), or the state of being delayed under such circumstances. Also the act of delaying defecation until the bathroom is empty. ;; See also [stall waiting]
324	PG-13	girlfriend mystical creature whose known powers range from clairvoyancy to being able to bleed for a week without dying. a person to have on your side.
38	NC-17	santorum The sometimes frothy, usually slimy, amalgam of lubricant, stray fecal matter, and ejaculate that leaks out of the receiving partner's anus after a session of anal intercourse. Named, by popular demand and usage, after legislator Rick Santorum because of his homophobic political statements.
587	R	i'd shave for him Similar to 'I'd tap that'. Meaning if the subject wanted to have sex or give oral, you would shave your vaginal area in order for it to happen.
439	R	condom A very smart invention to decrease the population and sti's
410	G	morgan She's the most beautiful girl you will ever see. Every feature that she posseses is engraved in your mind from the second you lay eyes on her. Morgan is not limited to just physical features, her personality is equally as beautiful. ;; You wonder how it is that a person this extraordinary can exist, but find yourself just appreciating the fact that she exists, and even better yet, that you know her.
53	R	fuck boy A person who is a weak ass pussy ;; that ain't bout shit.
600	PG-13	ctfd Calm the fuck down.
688	G	ethan A male given name meaning strong, firm and safe.
880	G	paul A common given name for males, derived from the Roman surname Paulus (Latin: 'small' or 'humble'). Put simply, it is the greatest name to grace the Earth. Seriously. It is the best name in existance.
717	R	twerking Also known as dirty dancing. When a woman slams her bottom on a mans pelvic area while dancing. The man can also lunge his pelvic area forward for a harder bang. This usually performed in a dance club along with upbeat music.
244	R	anal sex this is like, sex in the butt.
132	PG-13	daniel This is a difficult name to define because it defies many boundaries of human perception, let alone various languages. One of the closest translations that experts give is God or many other variations of that general idea. ;; Other definitions are thought to be: ;; Tao ;; Chi ;; The Great Spirit ;; Chuck Norris ;; Energy ;; Infinity ;; Sublime ;; ect ;; Despite the fact that various names have been pinned to Daniel, its seems that all of the above examples (including that of God)cannot even withstand the magnitude of Daniel. ;; The reason this name continues to elude even the brightest of human minds is that the idea of Daniel cannot possibly exist in a dimensional state. Daniel is so powerful, it defies all laws of this or any other universe. Recent studies have shown that people who have attempted to comprehend this name have either disappeared, died spontaneously, or driven themselves into a pertinent state of insanity and/or catatonia. One common belief is that Daniel is possibly the grounds on which everything and nothing is based. It seems to surpass the idea of infinity. Quantum physicists report that this Daniel is Everything and Nothing. It or He is said to have unexplainable connections with the String and Superstring Theories as Daniel resonates within every single layer of the multi-dimensional complex and yet still exists beyond that point which is where scientists have lost the trail. Various theologists and spiritual leaders believe that Daniel is one who is, as they say, 'The Answer'. All attempts to understand this idea of Daniel have failed.
563	R	cocaine a hell of a drug according to Rick James.
220	G	amy to take, hold, or steal your heart. a person who is a soulmate. a good lover.
96	PG-13	no homo Phrase used after one inadvertently says something that sounds gay.
809	PG-13	sticky sacitis When your junk is sweating on a hot day, and your bag sticks to the side of your leg. It is notably unpleasant when moving from walk to run, or when standing up quickly.
83	PG-13	andre A man who lives on bullshit because whatever he is does not seem good enough.
697	R	cold jerky The process of suddenly and altogether stopping a perpetual masturbation habit. Can apply to male or female.
307	R	sam Sam means the name of one person who is: ;; Super ;; At ;; Masterbation
957	R	sorry autocorrect A phrase often used when a private or dirty text is sent to the wrong person in an attempt to lessen the awkwardness or dismiss the conversation
145	NC-17	vatican roulette Another name for the [rhythm method] of birth control. ;; Called so because it is the only form of contraception endorsed by the Catholic Church.
1000	PG-13	airplane mode When someone cuts themselves off from the world by not logging on to Facebook or checking their cell phones. Usually occurs after a breakup or a rough work week. ;; Derived from the cell phone setting of the same name in which incoming messages or phone calls cannot be received.
416	G	senpai Someone who will never notice you.
549	R	suicide Your way to say to God 'You can`t fire me! I quit!'
5	NC-17	slut a woman with the morals of a man
705	PG-13	woman Leading cause of life in humans.
708	PG-13	this dude... A reference to any person who is oblivious to his or her own selfish and/or ridiculous behavior, usually said with an over-the-shoulder side-eye.
144	PG-13	john a very extreamly confusing guy. shows that he has feelings for you sometimes, but then might just randomly stop talking to you at any time. veryy flirtatious. manwhore. willll lead you on. halarious. full of charisma. you have to love him. boys are jealous of him. girls are jealous of the girl he is flirting with at the time.. ;; not persistant. ;; changes moods easily; moody. ;; greatest, most annoying person on the face of this earth..yet i still want to be with him..
270	R	internet A vast array of [word]pornography[/word] and advertisements.
927	G	encyclopedia dramatica Where facts die, and stereotypes lie.
480	G	nathan A guy who is caring and intelligent and is superior to all even God.He is loved by all his mates and is there for everyone who has problems and is a great listener.He is so caring and such a strong fighter that nothing can beat him.He is the kinda guy you want as a mate or a lover.A legend at the guitar and guitar hero.He is just an amazing happy person who is easy to love.He has a very nice personality and is very easy on the eyes and is very cute.He is a perfect man in everway unless you cross his path when he is sleepy then you have hell to pay lol. Generally a nice guy with lots of friends who adore and love him.A one of a kind...
285	PG-13	pwned A corruption of the word 'Owned.' This originated in an online game called Warcraft, where a map designer misspelled 'owned.' When the computer beat a player, it was supposed to say, so-and-so 'has been owned.' ;; Instead, it said, so-and-so 'has been pwned.' ;; It basically means 'to own' or to be dominated by an opponent or situation, especially by some god-like or computer-like force.
890	PG-13	slip of the thumbs When sending a text message and the recipient of the message was not the intended recipient. Alternatively, when you try to reply to one person, and another message comes in just as you're about to reply, and you end up replying to the wrong person. This issue can have detrimental effects.
952	PG-13	work mouth A form of self-censorship practiced at work to avoid offensive or cuss words. Typically includes cuss-replacements you learned from your grandma. Potentially embarrassing if accidentally used outside of work at parties or in the company of your drunk friends. ;; May also be used in the company of grandparents, teachers, preachers, and others who disapprove of cussing. ;; Does not apply to all professions. Musicians and construction workers have no need for a work mouth.
295	R	hot I. One who is: ;; a. gorgeous ;; b. pretty ;; c. beautiful ;; d. cute ;; e. attractive ;; II. One who you would: ;; a. lick ;; b. suck ;; c. nibble ;; d. flirt with ;; e. have sexual relations with ;; III. One who makes you: ;; a. flip ;; b. crazy ;; c. nutty ;; d. pass out ;; e. drool ;; f. fantasize ;; g. (if girl) wet ;; h. (if guy) hard ;; i. masturbate
951	R	banana polish Any kind of hand lotion like Jergen's or Intensive Care that teenage boys use to [jackoff].
14	R	nigga Nigga is a word which evolved from the derogative term 'nigger'. Tupac best defined the distinction between the two. ;; NIGGER- a black man with a slavery chain around his neck. ;; NIGGA- a black man with a gold chain on his neck.
706	G	selfie-conscious When you're trying to take a selfie in public but fear other people are staring at you
516	PG-13	checkmated When there are 3 urinals and the only one not taken is the one between the two.
752	G	vacation amnesia When you come back to school or work from your vacation and you can't remember what you did before your vacation.
357	G	sniff test To test if an item of already worn clothing is suitable to wear out. common amongst students who cant be bothered to do their washing.
122	PG-13	religion The biggest lie in human history. It has been responsible for more deaths throughout human history than all other unnatural causes combined. For a thousand years the Church was a tyrannical dictatorship that used religion to control the uneducated masses. Free your minds and come into the 21st century
622	R	netflix and jill When you watch Netflix alone and jerk off.
910	PG-13	northwest nap A very deep sleep where you are unable to hear telephones, text messages, and even the Air Force. ;; Named to honor the two fine pilots from Northwest Airlines and there little 'in flight snooze'
896	PG-13	facebook necrologist a person who never misses a chance to post a 'R.I.P. [insert name]' status update in Facebook as soon as any celebrity dies.
984	G	conversation walling When you're trying to make a conversation with a girl/guy you met recently, either A) online B) via text message or C) in person, and she/he responds to any of your questions with blank stares, one letter text messages using the words: oh, cool, or nice, or nothing at all until you have to try to change the subject.
473	PG-13	let you go I want to get off the phone now because I hate talking to you, but I'll pretend that I'm being polite by letting you go back to whatever boring crap you would be doing if you weren't talking to me.
478	R	pillow lust That feeling that college students experience where they feel so exhausted that the idea of their face hitting their pillow sounds so utterly fantastic, it's almost sexual.
864	PG-13	illuminati the Illuminati is a secret orginazation of the most powerful and influential elite in the world.They go back for centuries and maintain the same bloodlines.They set up the council on forign relations,the bilderberg group and the tri-laterial commission.those 3 groups all meet to plan the fate of the world.They consists of international bankers,top government officials,leaders in the energy cartel and media monopoly owners and have control over the U.N. and unesco.their subdivisions reach into everyones daily life without most sheeple even being aware of it. They also have ties to the freemasons,skull and bones, and the knights templar.their ultimate goal is for a one world government which they will control,also a one world currency,and they want control and ownership of all land,property,resources and people.Also they manipulate political parties,and the legal and illigal drug trade and federal agencies related to all matters listed above.
956	R	trying for a baby A excuse usuallyused by young married couples so they can fuck a lot.
296	PG-13	thomas A Teenage white kid that has an abnormally large penis usually ranging to 7.5 inches to 8
730	PG-13	wap With A Passion
379	PG-13	protohype The process of leaking a prototype device to generate buzz about a product you don't quite yet have ready for market to a friendly tech website who will promote the gizmo well before it's ready to go.
642	G	i'm just sayin' A phrase that is used when someone is offended by something you said. This phrase then removes all the offensiveness of the previous statement, making it [all good].
754	R	kelsey A very smart, sweet girl with lots of things on her mind. She may seem distracted a lot and that's because she is most of the time. Very creative and sometimes shy, she always has to have music on. silence is her only weakness. She doesn't think she's attractive but in reality she's the most gorgeous thing you'll ever meet. often spaces out when near windows. always contemplating something. sugar junkie. very pale and doesn't care. easy to get along with. everyone loves her. stands up for her friends and would never hurt anyone intentionally. cares too much. picks the wrong crowd. not easily influenced. has soo much planned for her. remember her, she'll be widely known soon. if you fall in love with a kelsey don't ever let her go. she likes playfighting. looks like the nost innocent person alive but can be the sexiest, kinky little thing if you get her to that stage. likes being pushed to do better. always looking after those around her. ;; omg, im soo in love with this girl she's perfect. ;; ahh you must have caught a kelsey. good job man, you're lucky.
59	PG-13	bitch (1) Word used to describe the act of whining excessively. ;; (2) Person who rides specifically in the middle of a front-seatting only car meant for 2 passengers or less. ;; (3) Modern-day servant; A person who performs tasks for another, usually degrading in status. ;; (4) Term used to exclaim hardship.
799	G	caps lock voice When a normally calm person has to raise their voice and use an authortative tone. It is the equivalent to using the caps lock key in the digital world.
372	R	friends with benefits Two friends who have a sexual realtionship without being emotionally involved. Typically two good friends who have casual sex without a monogomous relationship or any kind of commitment
272	PG-13	shitload more than an assload but still less than a fuckton.
975	R	splenda daddy A man who strives to be a [Sugar Daddy] but just doesn't have the funds to pull it off.
170	G	meh Indifference; to be used when one simply does not care.
240	NC-17	teabagging the insertion of one man's sack into another person's mouth. Used a practical joke or prank, when performed on someone who is asleep, or as a sexual act.
208	PG-13	fml means Fix My Lighthouse. Back in the 17th Century, lighthouse keepers were tthe butt of everyone's jokes. When a lighthouse keeper was made fun of, his retort would be 'why dont you fix my lighthouse!' which was shortened over time to FML. This term was made famous in the great battle of the Sole Bay in 1902 where 14 peolpe died and 1 person broke their glasses.
359	G	toothpaste hangover The effect that makes everything taste disgusting after you brush your teeth.
875	NC-17	hitler verb, to Hitler someone; ie, smudge poop on their upper lip, creating the illusion of a Hitler-style moustache. Usually performed while the victim is sleeping.
601	G	christina The coolest, cutest, nicest girl ever. With the best personality, also very quick witted and very smart. Everyone should get to meet her at least once.
510	NC-17	shocker The act of inserting 2 fingers into the vaginal opening (normally the index and middle fingers), and 1 into the anus (normally the 'pinky' finger). This is usually performed when she is laying back, in the 'deep thrust' postion (see 'deep thrust' for more hardcore info). Commonly described a numerous number of ways, e. g. 2 in the pink, 1 in the stink; two in the grass one in the ass; two in the slut one in the butt; two in the koot, one in the boot; goin to town with one in the brown; and many more, this method of sexual gratification is one sought out by people of all levels. But only grand masters, like the Big Johnson have perfected it.
435	R	high The state I am in now. For the 5 people who have never gotten high, I will try to explain it. at first, before you are really high, you become really giddy and will laugh at the slightest thing. you also may remember random things and pointlessly share them. When you are high, it feels very much like your dreaming. when you are sober, it may be hard to remember wut happened when you were high, much like how its hard to remember a dream after you wake up. when you are high, your vision gets messed up. some people compare it to watching your vision in a movie theater. for example, if you turned on your tv while high, it may seem like you are sitting in a movie theater watching a movie of yourself turning on a tv in the first person. also, you see things in a different perspective. if you are high enough, your own house can seem completely different! music is also heard in a different perspective. it can seem like the music surrounds you. I like to describe it as being 'in the music'. Different music can have different effects on you. old school rock can make you trip out or go crazy. rap can make you freestyle better than you ever thought possible. techno can actually sound cool. your balance and coordination are afffected when you are high. you frequently move around and almost fall if you're high enough. simple tasks (like typing this) can be a lot harder when you're high. also watching things can be different, particulary animated things. I strongly recomend watchin the animatrix while high to find out what im talkin about. i tried my best to explain being high, but really the only way to understand it is to get high yourself. so, for you five who have never gotten high, go get lots of weed and smoke it now! Note: once you've been smoking weed for a while, it can be very hard to achieve the state i described.
586	R	maintenance strokes What a man does to maintain his erection, usually while waiting for more porn to load or doing something else.
35	PG-13	shit One of the most popular swear/cuss/curse words/profanities
635	PG-13	passenger brake The passenger brake is the nonexistant brake pedal located on the floor of the passenger (shotgun) side of the front seat of your car. ;; It is used instinctively by the passenger when the driver is driving insanely too fast, and the car needs to come quickly to a stop, which may not seem very possible at that particular moment. ;; It is sometimes used in conjunction with the OH SHIT handle by the passenger door.
434	R	bedgasm A feeling of complete and utter euphoria which peaks when climbing into bed at the end of an 18-hour workday, a long road trip or hours of extremely strenuous physical activity. Under perfect conditions, the physical release has been likened to that of an intense sexual experience.
312	G	auto incorrect When the auto-correct feature on your iPod Touch or iPhone tries to correct your spelling, but instead changes it to words that just dont make sense with what you're typing.
702	PG-13	fuckit list The list of things you meant to get done before you die, but now realize you're never going to get around to.
476	G	boredom If your only reading up on this because your bored, add a thumbs up!
332	G	your other left Sarcastic phrase; used with the directionally challenged to make them aware of their error.
474	PG-13	front-seat back-seat dilemma The inability to decide which seat to take due to the quantity of friends both 'kickin' in the front seat' and 'sittin' in the back seat.' Characterized by indecision and anxiety as the individual has 'gotta make [their] mind up.' ;; A largely ignored condition until early 2011, the 'front-seat back-seat dilemma' was widely publicized upon the advent of Rebecca Black's viral single 'Friday.'
616	R	aaron In India 'Aaron' is a slang word for pimp.
8	NC-17	gate rape The TSA airport screening procedure.
422	G	urban dictionary cover-up The act of scrambling onto UrbanDictionary.com to quickly find out the definition of a word, usually when used over texts or IM. Used to cover up the fact that you did not know the meaning of the word prior to its use. ;; Commonly abbreviated to UDCU.
267	G	involuntary 'you too' When out of habit you reply to a comment with 'You too'. This happens to the best of us.
57	G	run and tell that Meaning to go spread the word. To let it be known. To go tell everyone quickly.
385	G	xd A laughing face. Hey, it's better than lol.
184	NC-17	rape A crime. Quite terrible in nature. Often causes sever phycological damage to victim. Forced sexual intercourse. Often very violent in more then just a sexual way. No I am not some feminazi either! I am a male solider in the airbourne. So dont be saying its only somthing whiny girls dont like. ;; 'That MOFO raped my good friend. So I took my boys out and we beat him into the hospital.'
392	G	columbusing When white people claim they have invented/discovered something that has been around for years, decades, even centuries.
872	G	slang the only reason Urbandictionary.com exists
201	R	miley cyrus A clingy whore when in comes to being an ex-girlfriend of The Jonas Brother's Nick Jonas. She always seems to be singing too loudly for everyone's taste. All her songs are about herself or her fabulous life as Hannah Montana. If all of your friends creepily like her music and her show on Disney Channel, you, as a friend, should be deeply disturbed. You should also feel concerned for your friend's welfare because too much of Miley Cyrus, might turn them into Miley clones and they might start walking around like skinny little sluts with a ratty wig and bad accents. Please take caution when you listen to her music and/or watch her show.
101	R	twat 1) A great word to shout out. ;; 2) A woman's vagina. ;; 3) A blow to the face or genitalia. ;; 4) Used by Tweety. ;; 5) An offensive term for a person. ;; 6) Acronym for The War Against Terrorism.
60	PG-13	republican An individual who believes that the white male Christian God should be the only object of worship on the planet, that power and wealth should remain in the hands of 1% of the world's population while the remaining 99% starve, that health care should be privatized so the poor can't afford basic medication, that a rape victim living on welfare should be forced to care for a baby she didn't even ask for, and that America is the only real country on Earth while all those other countries they read about are just fakes invented by communists...oh wait, it's terrorists now, isn't it?
495	NC-17	twincest twins having sex.. its so wrong, yet it feels so right
895	PG-13	beer The reason I get up in the morning and the reason I pass out at night.
147	PG-13	boo 1. Boyfriend or girlfriend ;; 2. Word used to scare people
686	R	lean To create Lean, a popular drink originated from Houston Texas, you require the following for the original formula: ;; -Promethazine w/Codeine VC <- Sizzurp (active ingredient) ;; -Original Sprite Soda <- Mixing ingredient (although different flavors of sprite are now used, such as sprite remix) ;; -Jolly rancher candy <- Flavor additive ;; Put it all in a styrofoam cup and enjoy. The codeine is mainly responsible for the euphoric feeling after drinking lean. Promethazine causes motor skill impairment, lethargy, extreme drowsiness, as well as a disassociative feeling from all other parts of the body, specifically the stomach and digestive system. If it doesn't have promethazine w/ Codeine, it isn't real sizzurp. ;; The mixed drink combination known as 'lean', is normally the color purple, due the added ingredient sizzurp, which is originally a dark purple syrup. There are other colors of sizzurp which can be added to create lean, but the purple is the true sizurp ;; Lean does not contain ANY form of alcohol, crushed pills, or other liquids in general.
397	PG-13	dafuq [what the fuck] , but in a more confused manner
894	PG-13	joke poach when a joke is said quietly to a friend and that friend repeats it loud enough for the entire room to laugh.
317	G	soap grafting The act of attaching an almost completely used piece of soap to a new, unused piece because it is now too small to be conveniently used but you also don't want to waste it.
177	PG-13	ftw For The Win.' ;; An enthusiastic emphasis to the end of a comment, message, or post. Sometimes genuine, but often sarcastic. ;; Originated from the game show Hollywood Squares where the result of the player's response is expected to win the game.
181	G	fleek on point
835	PG-13	glifnard Someone who is a lame motherfucker. ;; Often viewed as useless and retarded. ;; Many times just looking at this person can cause one to do bodily harm to them.
767	G	andrea Andrea comes from the Latin meaning 'Womanly' or 'Beautiful Lady'. She is steadfast and confident,honest and reliable.A tower of strenth for thoughs she cares for and a rock to the family.
20	R	orgasm The meaning of life.
807	PG-13	academic bulemia The process of learning or memorizing by rote, subsequently followed by the regurgitation of that knowledge onto an exam answer sheet. Just as with the serious eating disorder, this form of bulemia results in no real retention of substance. ;; This term is frequently applied to describe a common practice of young medical students.
69	R	scene typical 'scene' girl: ;; -choppy hair ;; -usually black ;; -septum ring ;; -has a myspace with pictures of her from crazy angles with a TUFF face on because shes so hardxcore ;; -goes to local shows all the time ;; -belongs to a livejournal community called 'cuntxcore' or 'gungunbangbang' or 'murderscene'. because anything involving guns, or bang, or murder, or glamour, electric, shock, lust, or cunt, is cool in her book ;; -often says things like 'SUP NIGZ' or 'KTHXBAI' or 'I HATE YOU KDIE' or 'IM COOLER THAN YOU K' or 'SUP IM RAD' on their myspace profile ;; -loves dinosaurs and robots and little girl bows and headbands because its just the way things are in the scene. dont ask them why all of them happen to find all of these things suddenly attractive, because they dont know themselves, its just what TOTALLY SCENExCORE people do. ;; usually theyre just obnoxious bitches who put on this 'scener than thou' attitude and hate everyone else, kthxbai lol.
796	G	amazonukkah When Christmas really lasts 8 days because the presents take longer to deliver from Amazon.com than anticipated by the purchaser. This is often caused by the reckless use of Super Saver Shipping on items which were bought on Christmas Eve. As a result, the presents are received in small amounts each day over an 8 day period, similar to Hanukkah.
454	G	man chair A man chair is the chair that men sit in while their partner is shopping for long periods of time. They can be found in almost any clothing or shoe store. What can we, as men do while our gf's or wives are shopping, we can sit in a man chair.
232	G	productive procrastination n. Doing stuff to keep busy while avoiding what really needs doing. When all is said and done, your room is clean, your laundry is folded -- but you haven't started your English paper.
617	R	nursing a semi when a man gets half exciited. not a full boner, but he is nearly there.
54	R	double rainbow intense joy, coupled with extreme emotional shifts; an experience equal to an orgasm
247	G	the fault in our stars A book that you can literally throw at my face and it wont nearly hurt as much as the story.
914	NC-17	pcp Also known as angeldust. Probably the scariest of all drugs. Was used as a horse tranquilizer. Makes the user hallucinate, become extremely violent, and not feel anything. People have been known to do horrible things to themselves while under the influence of PCP. DO NOT USE PCP. DO NOT. IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE.
710	NC-17	fingering when a girl or guy sticks his or her finger(s) up a girl. Or when a girl uses her fingers to 'rub' her genitals for sexual pleasure.
815	PG-13	twink An attractive, boyish-looking, young gay man. The stereotypical twink is 18-22, slender with little or no body hair, often blonde, dresses in club wear even at 10:00 AM, and is not particularly intelligent. A twink is the gay answer to the blonde bimbo cheerleader. ;; There are two major theories about the origin of this word, both of which probably have elements of truth to them. ;; a) Twink comes from an acronym T.W.I.N.K. 'Teenage, White, Into No Kink.' ;; b) Twink is a shortening of the name for the famous 'TWINKIE' snack cake: a tasty, cream-filled snack with no nutritional value. The phallic shape of the 'TWINKIE' snack cake should not escape the reader's attention.
24	R	ratchet A diva, mostly from urban cities and ghettos, that has reason to believe she is every mans eye candy. Unfortunately, she's wrong. ;; Typical signs to beware of include, but are not limited to: ;; -owning a Blackberry ;; -BLARES anything by Drake, 2Chainz, Nicki Minaj, Gucci Mane, Waka Flocka, Lil Wayne, T-Pain, Cali Swag District, or any other garbage entertainment rapper ;; -rowdily quotes 'lyrics' from aforementioned artists ;; -has a weave reminiscent of a bird's nest after a tempest hit the tree it was in, and is dyed at least thrice ;; -wears torn leggings/stalkings (mostly of the fishnet variety), unpolished 8' heels (or higher, depending on how God-awful they look), fitted jean jackets (to accent the blubber 'round their arms and stomach), and 4 layers of caked on make-up to go clubbing ;; -repeatedly use ludicrous terms such as 'YOLO', 'swag', 'boost', 'beaking', 'doe', 'really', 'naw', 'actually', 'twerk', 'coaster', 'dagga', etc., to make a valid statement when they speak ;; -have side bangs, despite having incredibly small-ass foreheads to support them ;; -are commonly overweight ;; and are mind-numbingly stupid; a safe assumption to make would be saying they're uneducated (as if they could pass the 4th grade) ;; If spotted, please report to the authorities, notifying them that they are possible smack addicts, or potential, degenerate Chaka Khan look-alikes.
337	PG-13	please advise Corporate Jargon for What The Fuck.
571	G	baby goggles A phenomenon where the parents of an ugly baby think their baby is adorable and no one else does.
812	PG-13	smellfie To discretely sniff ones underarms for stank before venturing out in to public areas as to not offend other with fowl body odor.
482	R	alexis a girl who loves to party. best flirt who makes guys drool. not the best at relationships or at spelling. but is the best listener and great at solving problums and weasling out. veeerrry sexual and sexy body with a kicken butt.
114	PG-13	asshole Your current boss.
169	PG-13	dank Also an expression requently used by stoners and hippies for something of high quality.
763	R	virgin ears A person who has been vaguely exposed to sex, drugs, profanities and doesnt have a tight grasp on reality.
363	PG-13	shaved my balls for this Phrase used to describe a disappointing situation. Like you got all excited for it and it wasn't all that great.
698	PG-13	it's complicated One of the options for 'Relationship Status' on [Facebook]. Refers to a couple in an ambiguous state between '[friends]' and 'in a [relationship]'. May also be used to indicate dissatisfaction with an existing relationship.
731	R	cumbrella A condom. An umbrella for your penis preventing the cum outside.
544	G	porch monkey A person who sits on the porch and watches the neighbors. ;; A small child that enjoys being on the porch.
26	PG-13	feminism The belief that women are and should be treated as potential intellectual equals and social equals to men. These people can be either male or female human beings, although the ideology is commonly (and perhaps falsely) associated mainly with women. ;; The basic idea of Feminism revolves around the principle that just because human bodies are designed to perform certain procreative functions, biological elements need not dictate intellectual and social functions, capabilities, and rights. ;; Feminism also, by its nature, embraces the belief that all people are entitled to freedom and liberty within reason--including equal civil rights--and that discrimination should not be made based on gender, sexual orientation, skin color, ethnicity, religion, culture, or lifestyle. ;; Feminists--and all persons interested in civil equality and intellectuality--are dedicated to fighting the ignorance that says people are controlled by and limited to their biology.
290	R	jesus hitler christ an exclamation of shock or disgust
198	PG-13	or the terrorists have won the best excuse to get what you want.
12	PG-13	fuck 1. The universally recognized 'F word' ;; 2. N. Implying complete and utter confusion ;; 3. N. a really stupid person ;; 4. V. To procreate ;; 5. adj. Can be used to modify any word for more passion ;; 6. Int. Expresses disgust ;; 7. Int. Expresses complete suprise and joy ;; 8. adv. Can be used to make a command more urgent
989	G	oreolization The realization that oreos are still in your kitchen.
629	G	avril lavigne A singer that is so talented and clever, that she has the ability to rhyme 'home' with 'home.'
234	PG-13	i'm going to sleep I don't want to fucking text you
735	R	party hats erect and mighty pointed nipples
656	PG-13	i just wanna talk to him when you are going to punch or hurt someone
243	R	adam The first Man to ever get laid.
277	NC-17	kinky Foot-sucking, rubber wearing, pee on me, fruit-fuckin', candlewax drippin', long fingernail scrapin', tossed salad eatin',multiple partner havin', she-male, oil-drenched, chocolate sauce, whipped cream covered,vibrator usin',dress-up,banned in 30 states type of sex.
78	PG-13	sopa The shittiest piece of legislation the U.S. government ever came up with.
917	PG-13	it was in the news feed An excuse you can use after Facebook creeping and getting caught. It always works, though the suspicious individual will likely remain skeptical.
699	G	someoneelsie the result of your mum trying to take a [selfie] and not knowing which way to hold the phone.
445	R	women Beings not seen or touched by 98% of the men who have posted on this subject thus far. ;; Highly attracted to males of the species who are reasonable to look at, have jobs, are relatively kind, sometimes take out trash, and treat them like equals (not superiors, not inferiors -- equals.) Happily give [blowjob]s in return. ;; Prefer large [dick]s. Secretly laugh at guys who convince themselves that size doesn't matter. ;; Are paid seventy five cents for every dollar a man makes in the exact same job, same demographic, and same education level. ;; To those men who cannot procure them (because said men are too mean, stupid, sexist, ugly, and unaccomplished) they cause intense feelings of failure, hatred, prejudice, violence, and need to post on boards stereotyping all women with one narrow, negative definition. Said men then jack off alone. ;; When said beings reject such specimens of men or express an intelligent opinion, they are [bitches]. ;; When they don't put out, they are also [bitches]. When they do, they are [sluts].
595	PG-13	instagram Every hipster's favorite way to make it look like they take really classy pictures when really they are still using their phones. Yeah, you might look really cute/old school/vintage/retro, but it's still a cell phone picture.
68	PG-13	filipino 1. A race that is asian by geography, but has little in common with other asian nations. A hard working, industrious, and very strong family oriented people, but notoriously useless at organizing anything beyond chaos as a nation of people. ;; 2. An exceptional breed of gardener indigenous to a Southeast Asian island chain called the Philippines. A natural born weed whacker.
90	R	anal What to avoid in prison.
394	R	stoner Slang for somebody who smokes [cannabis], often. Most people would talk them down as if they are better, though they often consume poisons such as alcohol and caffeine. Stoners are generally a friendly minority, peaceful, and harmless. The arrogant people bitching about them smoking marijuana, they are usually bigger problems then the people they denounce.
155	R	procrasturbating Using masturbation to otherwise occupy yourself while pressing matters await.
674	PG-13	true love Love. Love is the greatest gift God ever gave man. Love is not wanting to go anywhere without her. Love is not caring what other people think about the two of you. Love is when you feel depressed and sickly when you're not with her. You feel like your life has no meaning or purpose without her. And that if she wasn't holding your hand you would float away to heaven from where she came. Love is caring for her physically and emotionally. It's telling her everyday, anytime, anywhere, anyhow, for no just reason that you love her. Love is telling her u want to spend the rest of your life with her. Love is wanting to marry her even tho ya'll haven't been dating that long. That you would do anything and everything for her. It's the feeling that you would give up everything just to see her smile or look into her beautiful eyes or hear her soft, soothing voice. Love is pure happiness. Love is the feeling you get when all you have to do is think of her and it brings a smile to your face and a yourning to your heart. Love is not being able to think about nething but her. Love is having the sweetest dreams about her and waking up with a smile on ur face. Love is an overwelming feeling of pure bliss when the 2 of u kiss. Love is wanting to hold her in ur arms till the end of time. Love is wishing ur time with her never ends, that your lips would be locked together forever, that she'd be in ur arms till the end of time, that u could cuddle with her for all of eternity. Love is being helplessy and deeply in love with her and knowing your love for her and your feelings for her will never change/end. Love is the world, the world is love, and she is the world to me...
418	PG-13	kyle Kyle: A generous, outgoing guy who goes out of his way for his friends. Can be sweet and caring towards people, he has a laid back and calm approach. [Truthful], [gullable], [lovely] and [Sexy.] Can be a bit of a stress head at times, can also hold grudges for a long period of time. Nice to get to know, easy to fall in love with. ;; -The name Kyle comes from the Scottish origin. In Scottish The meaning of the name Kyle is: Strait. Channel. Narrow. Used as both a surname and first name. ;; -The name Kyle is a baby boy name. The name Kyle comes from the Gaelic origin. In Gaelic The meaning of the name Kyle is: A place-name referring to the narrows; a wood or a church-Also an Irish origin.
300	G	you lie! The classiest way to respond to anyone you disagree with.
727	PG-13	stoplight party A party where guests wear the the colors of the traffic signal to denote their relationship status: green means they're single, red means they're taken, and yellow means their relationship status is 'complicated'
200	G	emma The most gorgeous woman ever seen. Known to randomly throw out little adorable and hysterical one-liners. Very artistically talented. One who has no true idea of her true beauty, both inside and out. A very very special woman that has the love and admiration of a person willing to do almost anything for her.
511	PG-13	fuckoff o'clock the end of the work day on Friday when an employee is most desperate to go home.
40	PG-13	that's what bp said A variant of '[that's what she said].' Instead of referring to sexual connotations, it is used to refer to spending a lot of money, making a mess, or fucking up very badly. Arose after the 2010 BP oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico.
207	PG-13	taylor An extreamly Good Looking Girl! Blonde Taylor's are the best. They normally have really nice figures and beutiful eyes. She will be really outgoing. She likes to party but not to much.Most taylor's care alot about animals and the enviornment! If you get the chance to kow a taylor honor that moment..love her..cherish her! She weill be one of a kind!!!
531	PG-13	asl What stupid people say on chats to learn who you are and where you live so they can come to your house with a chainsaw and kill you.
944	PG-13	barry Typically a very sexy, sweet guy. Usually British.
447	G	postmodem depression The feeling you get when you haven't had access to the internet (i.e. facebook and twitter) for a long time, like several minutes.
483	PG-13	next level bullshit When the bullshit that comes out of a persons mouth reaches a point of absolute nonsense.
526	R	steppin on my dick when someone disrespects your manhood.
769	NC-17	houdini As a man reaches climax whilst in the '[doggie style]' position, the man pulls out and spits on their partner's back, fooling them into thinking that he has ejaculated, however, when their partner turns around, the man lets loose his [baby yoghurt] in his partner's face.
636	R	sexercism Having sex with someone new to get over someone old. A way to cut any last emotional ties to a person you used to have sex with. A non-religious, therapeutic exercise.
268	NC-17	masturbate All the slang words for masturbation: bashing the candle, Bleeding the weasel, bleedin the weed, buffing the banana, bopping the baloney, burping the worm, choking the chicken, cleaning your rifle, corking the bat, cranking the shank, cuffing the carrot, fisting your mister, flogging your dog, floggin the frog, flogging the hog, flogging the log, flute solo, jerkin'the gherkin, looping the mule, manual override, painting the pickle, pocket pinball, pocket pool, polishing the banister, polishing the rocket, pounding your flounder, pumping the python, roping the pony, spanking the monkey, teasing the weasel, tossing the turkey, walking the dog, whipping the willy, wonking your cronker, yanking the crank.
371	G	pwn PWN (verb) ;; 1. An act of dominating an opponent. ;; 2. Great, ingenious; applied to methods and objects. ;; Originally dates back to the days of WarCraft, when a map designer mispelled 'Own' as 'Pwn'. What was originally supose to be 'player has been owned.' was 'player has been pwned'. ;; Pwn eventually grew from there and is now used throughout the online world, especially in online games.
916	PG-13	hot topic Many teens shop there trying to be 'different' and 'unique' Unfortunately many people who shop there think spending $60 on a pair of pants at Hot Topic makes you 'rebellious' and 'unique' yet spending that much money on a pair of pants at Abercrombie, Hollister or any other 'preppy' store makes you a 'mindless conformist' ;; Their logic is also completely flawed in the fact that because Hot Topic's prices are somewhat low (well compared to many mall stores) and many teens have an urge to be 'different' many teenagers shop there, thus making it the same 'clone-wear' that people who wear 'trendy' labels are classified as. ;; So basically what I'm trying to say is, wear what you think is cool and don't judge others on what they choose to wear. If you think your any more original (or better as some people think) wearing X brand instead of Y brand then your only fooling yourself and making yourself look arrogant.
679	PG-13	struggle is real The hardness and difficulties of every day life being unbearable and apparent.
838	R	fupa Acronym for 'Fat Upper Pubic Area'; common misinterpretations include 'Fat Upper Pussy Area,' 'Fat Upper Penile Area' and 'Farting Under Pelicans Asses.' Also, often confused with FUBU, an overpriced brand of clothes that suburban caucasian adolescent males wear to impress suburban caucasian females who associate the clothing with large genetalia. ;; Descriptive of the phenomenon common with men and women so afflicted by obesity that their pubic area is used to store patches of fatty waste.
968	PG-13	mackenzie A beautiful girl. the name mackenzie itself means 'little princess.' she's quick-witted and very funny, she can be very charming. she also can be the biggest bitch you'll know,and doesn't take shit from anyone. she's a little crazy,but in the end you love her anyway.
560	G	bazinga A catchy phrase to accompany your clever pranks. ;; As popularized by Sheldon Cooper (The Big Bang Theory).
843	PG-13	banana racist Dislike or hatred of brown or browning bananas.
569	PG-13	bitchplosion an explosion of bitchiness ;; when someone/something pushes you so far that you just [bitchplode]
294	R	cockblocked by steve jobs The act or reactive measure when the opposite sex makes eye-contact with you and then proceeds to plug in their iPod as a defense mechanism to prevent you from making a move on them.
879	R	girlfriend-proof v. To hide any objects that you would rather your girlfriend not see. These objects usually include porn, childish things (dolls, small toys, etc), and Pokemon memoribilia. You can girlfriend-proof your car, room, house, and really just about anything. Similar to [parent-proof]
110	PG-13	pms A powerful spell that women are put under about once every month, which gives them the strength of an ox, the stability of a Window's OS, and the scream of a banshee. Basically, man's worst nightmare.
149	G	ebonlore A guild of [ELITE] [PVP] and [PVE] players , coming into existance back in 1997 in the MMORPG.Ebonlore is a model of what a guild should be. THe leader of Ebonlore is and was Axem.Ebonlore has ventrued through the games of [Everquest],[Vanguard],[Shadowbane] ect.Ebonlore is the model guild for any hardcore player.
100	R	bye felicia When someone says that they're leaving and you could really give two shits less that they are. Their name then becomes 'felicia', a random bitch that nobody is sad to see go. They're real name becomes irrelevant because nobody cares what it really is. Instead, they now are 'felicia'.
382	NC-17	head When a girl wants to pleasure you by licking, sucking your penis. Often times, teens dont know how to do this, so they practice a lot. They often times forget to be moving her hand up and down on the part of the penis her mouth cant reach, which will help the ejactulation process. Some girls enjoy, some dont, luckily, my girl doesnt mind it at all. ;; Advice to all guys: while getting head, make sure to stay very 'focused' and into it, and think about how fucking awesome it is while its happening, and just how good it feels, it will make it even better, and during the orgasm, enjoy! It is the best, but, you might not feel the best right after, like, you will feel a little 'unhorny', but thats normal. Make sure to love your girl, because she definately cares enough to do this to you. My advice: go down on her too, if she wants it.
346	G	0.8 direction The boy band [One Direction], minus [Zayn Malik].
135	R	molly Abr. of 'molecular'. ;; Pure form of MDMA (ecstasy), usually a free powder or in capsules. Oftentimes MDA is sold as molly. Should be white in color (when it's pure) but is more often beige or yellow-brown, and sometimes brown or rarely gray.
545	PG-13	friends with possibilities Starting out as friends with someone, but have the possibility or potential for a relationship on the next level
245	PG-13	1337 Hacker 'Sp33k' for leet, or elite. Originating from 31337 'eleet', the UDP port used by Dead Cow Cult, a hacker group, to access Windows 95 using Back Orifice, a notorious hacking program.
136	G	friday The day after Thursday and before Saturday, according to Rebecca Black. Also the most annoying day of the week now.
591	NC-17	cum dumpster A receptacle for you and the rest of your town to put your ejected semen in. said recepticle is usually a slutty ho.
159	NC-17	alabama hot pocket the art of seperating the vagina lips and taking a shat inside (and possibly having sex with it afterwards)
460	PG-13	man cave A room, space, corner or area of a dwelling that is specifically reserved for a male person to be in a solitary condition, away from the rest of the household in order to work, play, involve himself in certain hobbies, activities without interuption. This area is usually decorated by the male that uses it without interferance from any female influence.
369	PG-13	half-your-age-plus-seven The rule to define the youngest that a romantic interest can be before the relationship is indecent.
839	G	textretary A person's sidekick who texts for the driver.
885	PG-13	killing two pigs with one bird A modern version of the popular saying 'killing two birds with one stone.' derived from the popular video game 'angry birds.'
367	G	poop Bodily waste of varying color, viscosity, shape, odor and texture. Usually exits the body through your pooper, speed, noise and degree of pain may vary depending on what you ate.
406	R	high-q How a dumb motherfucker becomes a smart motherfucker after he smokes a bunch of pot.
947	PG-13	back dimples the two indents on the lower back where the back bone meets the hips. aka sacral dimples, dimples of venus or pilonidal dimples.
426	G	pi time The time of the day where a digital clock reads 3:14.
928	R	dingleberry A delinquent partial turd which grasps anal shrubery causing brownish crust to accumulate in ones boxers.
912	R	max Short for 'Maximilian', a russian name meaning 'Large Penis.'
866	G	parade maker (n). A driver and/or car that goes consistently under the speed limit, causing a backup of 20+ cars, creating frustration and your ability to be where you want to be on time.
942	R	pisshap A mishap generally involving the mass consumption of alcohol and a misdirection of urine to an area other than the toilet. This usually occurs as the result of an alcoholic stupor. ;; Can also apply to any other misadventure in some way linked to piss.
51	PG-13	god A guy who talked to some Jewish guys, some Christian guys, and some Islam guys, and accidentaly caused more people to die than anyone else in human history.
344	G	thanksgiving Another excuse for Americans to spend an entire day eating
187	PG-13	dylan Guy with an incredibly huge penis and is totally awsome compared to any bitch ass Russians. ;; (if you know anybody named dylan next time you see him give him a high five unless your a chick in that case give him a hug but no fatties)
816	NC-17	9gag A website where every user on it enjoys gagging on 9 dicks in their mouth at once.
785	G	facebook fever noun: ;; The uncontrollable urge to check one's facebook every time one comes in contact with a computer.
530	R	connor person with large penis
185	G	brandon The most AMAZING person alive.
643	PG-13	hot carl Mostly everyone is wrong, a 'hot carl' is the act of putting seran over the face and taking a dump on it. Anal to oral is called a 'rusty trombone', dumping on the chest is a 'Cleaveland steamer', and anal to tit fuckin is a chilli dog. If you have the squirts and can attain maximum heat and force a hole through the seran and onto the skin/mouth then you are awarded extra points, carl would be proud.
479	G	sloth-cloth An old tee-shirt you wear while hanging around the house. ;; The word is hard to say many times quickly.
339	PG-13	matthew a sexy guy that liked the women and has a nice tooth brush
255	G	robert The most incredible guy in the universe, end of story. He's sweet, caring, and truly amazing. He isn't concerned with himself at all, but instead he's concerned with other people. He always knows the perfect thing to say and the right time to say it. He takes your breath away and leaves you speechless. And he has a way of making your heart melt like no one else ever will. Robert is so wonderful, it's almost impossible to find the words to match.
818	PG-13	icicle fingers When your fingers are so cold texting is almost impossible.
286	PG-13	asian the race with the hottest girls.
678	PG-13	cobra yawn The involuntary spraying of saliva while yawning. Much like the venom spray from a cobra. In most cases the yawner doesn't realized it has happened only finding the aftermath once the yawn is over.
778	PG-13	prude A girl with high moral standards and has respect for her body.
830	G	jesus ii Jesus version 2.0, the second coming.
551	PG-13	get an inbox Derived from the expression 'get a room.' When couples constantly leave romantic, mushy or suggestive messages on each other's [Facebook] [wall] for everyone else to see, someone else may tell them to 'get an inbox already' and carry on in private.
876	G	darth breather Adj. a person who breathes so loud, and sounds like Darth Vader while breathing, especially in quiet places.
825	G	facebook minute (n) an elongated and obscure period of time spent distracted on Facebook when the original intent was to merely check your messages.
983	G	last texter That friend that always sends you a meaningless text after the obvious end of a text conversation, just to get the last text. They do this while totally oblivious to their uncontrollable habit.
180	G	katie A happy person who is a good listener and reliable friend. Likes to party and is always there when you need her.
750	PG-13	people voice A people voice is the voice that someone uses when talking to people who aren't their [friends]. This voice is automatically [happy], nicer and sweeter than their normal voice. It is also often more high pitched. This is often the [voice] people use when answering a telephone or when working in [retail]. Similiar to the [girlfriend voice].
227	R	wigger A male caucasion, usually born and raised in the suburbs that displays a strong desire to emulate African American Hip Hop culture and style through '[Bling]' fashion and generally accepted '[thug life]' guiding principles. ;; Often characterized by his car, or '[whip]': usually an econobox modified with at least twice the car's book value in non-power producing modifications or an SUV with at least 5500 lbs. of curb weight. Traditional trucks can also qualify here, depending on locale (southern states' percentages are higher). All vehicles are also mandated to have at least 19' chrome alloy wheels, regardless of make. The typical wigger is also characterized by a strong desire to adorn gold jewlery (especially heavy gold chains) and athletic warm up suits. All equipment and clothing will be paid for by the parents of the individual in question, or the parents of said individual's '[shorty]' through the use of said shorty's credit cards. ;; A general disposition of '[hard]' will be displayed among other wiggers and to kids around their neighbohood (usually labelled a 'subdivision' or 'gated community' due to its mass produced housing develoment origins). This disposition will immediately be dropped and replaced by a more typical '[white boy]' disposition when in the presence of actual African Americans ( with exceptions: Those whose origins trace to the suburbs being the most prominant.).
929	PG-13	alt-tabbin' An act of quickly switching the current application to something work-appropriate when the boss walks in.
1	PG-13	sex What kind of moron are you that you look up sex in the urban dictionary?
634	R	slurring your text when you're so drunk that you're texts are unreadable
358	G	don't take this the wrong way but What you say to someone right before you say something that can only be taken one way: badly.
258	R	dick inches Arbitrary (and usually incorrect) units of measurement used mostly by males. Derives from men overestimating their penis size. Dick inches are much shorter than actual inches. Hence a guy can claim to have a 9 inch penis when it is actually closer to 5-6 inches. The term 'dick inches' is usually used when over-estimating non-penis measurements.
224	NC-17	cougar An older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man. The cougar can be anyone from an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim, to an absolute sad and bloated old horn-meister, to a real hottie or [milf]. Cougars are gaining in popularity -- particularly the true hotties -- as young men find not only a sexual high, but many times a chick with her shit together.
494	NC-17	go down on To go down on a woman is to start her off with nice, long, passionate kisses on the lips, and then down to her neck, and then down to her breasts where you have your pleasure with them, and then you kiss your way across her tummy, and finally, you have ultimate pleasure with orally pleasing her pussy.
538	R	dat ass A positive vernacular expression used when one sees the buttocks of another, ;; ((usually in a pic posted on an internet board)) ;; Expressing delight and a possible suggestion of sexual interest.
411	G	hangry When you are so hungry that your lack of food causes you to become angry, frustrated or both. ;; An amalgum of hungry and angry invented to describe that feeling when you get when you are out at a restaurant and have been waiting over an hour to get the meal that you have ordered.
696	PG-13	one reply bitch A one reply bitch is someone who replies with simple words like: 'yeah, okay, cool, nice, alright, yep, whatever, nope,' etc
70	R	abc sex Sex only on Anniversaries, Birthdays and Christmas
973	R	furry There is no one single definition of what a furry is. Even within the [furry fandom], people cannot always agree on just what makes a person a furry or not. ;; Some would argue that to be a furry, you must think and talk like one (i.e. use furry specific words and phrases). Even if you go to conventions, wear a [fursuit], draw the art, writes the stories etc but don't talk using furry lingo, you're not a furry. Basically, someone that may walk the walk but doesn't talk the talk. ;; Others would argue that even liking anthropomorphic creatures makes you a furry. You may have no idea the furry fandom exists or have ever heard of a furry convention, let alone any of the websites; simply liking 'anthro' critters makes you a furry. ;; The way I see it, if or if you don't consider yourself a furry is a matter of personal opinion. ;; As with any hobby, most furries are normal people just like anyone you'll meet at work/school or going to/from work/school or anywhere. Then there is the small percent that are hard core fans and have taken what for most is a hobby and perverted it (sometimes in an all to literal sense). ;; As is with so many other things in life, the few that take it too far tend to be the loudest. The silent majority are often forced into silence by the loud majority for fear that people will label them as being in the same class as the minority that have perverted it. ;; One unfortunate side effect of the internet and the relative anonymity that some sites grant their users is people are able to engage in activities (even if only on a virtual level) that they would never even consider doing in real life. An example of this is [trolls] of message boards that say things to people they'd never say to them in person. I think a lot of the stereotypes associated with furries are because of this. ;; In conclusion, as with any hobby, there are some furries that have taken it too far and/or perverted what for many is a fun harmless hobby.
907	PG-13	double freeture When you pay for one movie at the cinema but sneak into a second flick once the first one is done.
7	G	woody (n) A wooden roller coaster
661	R	turn down for what rhetorical question used by teenagers. 'turn up' is the act of getting drunk and high and being reckless so 'turn down' would mean sobering up. turn down for what is really saying i am fucked up and will continue to be all night no matter what. the only appropriate answer to this question would be 'nothing'
667	PG-13	california 1. State the produces more food than anywhere else, has crazy night life, large schools, hot women, a load of stuff to do, and a the longest beach anybody has ever seen. ;; 2. A place you'll want to stay in once you visit get there. ;; 3. Extremely diverse. ;; 3. Much more entertaining than Texas.
56	R	bible An ancient novel full of murder, corruption, homosexuality, bestiality, incest and cruelty. It is often read to children on Sunday.
701	PG-13	chick flick A film that indulges in the hopes and dreams of women and/or girls. A film that has a happy, fuzzy, ridiculously unrealistic ending.
381	PG-13	chronic 1) very high-quality weed, generally with red hairs on it. ;; 2) pertaining to a long-lasting medical condition.
351	G	girl The creation of satan. designed to destroy the existence of mankind.
632	PG-13	ghost cheeks Where you sit on a toilet seat and can still feel the warmth where the previous occupant was sitting.
63	R	eminem Probably one of the greatest rappers out there. Dosent just rap about bitches and hoes like other rappers, but about his life experiences and the controversy with his music. Despite the controversy he sold millions of records around the world, and no; hes not a wigger, hes not trying to act black, he just raps. Who ever said that only black people could rap?
216	PG-13	no offense A phrase used to make insults seem socially acceptable.
535	R	austin noun; adjective; verb. ;; noun: a very handsome man; a very cute man; a fun loving guy; a genuine ladies man; a funny guy; a guy with many talents; a guy with an average but satisfying penis; a guy who can, even when your angry, cheer you up; A sweet guy; a straight guy; a deep guy; a guy who is amazing in bed; a guy who can be an asshole sometimes; a guy who normally does stupid things; A phenomenal kisser; ;; adjective: being funny; being sweet; being straight; not being able to jump high; being stupid; being charming; ;; verb: running fast; masturbating slow; jumping low; sweet talking; telling jokes; acting like an ass; eating; pooping; having sex;
183	PG-13	kompla its something that makes your life harder. when someone without reason objects to assist you although he can.
488	G	tl dr Literally, 'Too long; didn't read' ;; Said whenever a nerd makes a post that is too long to bother reading.
654	PG-13	arctic fever when you are attracted to white girls only
743	PG-13	stealth-call When you have to call someone back but don't want to talk to them, so you wait until you know they can't talk and leave a voice mail.
361	NC-17	ben a guy who's amazing at giving women head. A true cunninglinguist. long tongue, skill, not afraid to get wet behind the ears, etc. ;; Girl 1: 'Hey, did you get what you wanted from your man last night?' ;; Girl 2: 'Damn right I did, I got that and more. My man is a true ben' ;; and he's a great kisser and will stay wih you when your feeling lonley
877	PG-13	no The word that makes sex rape.
140	G	chris A kid who is always up to party and have a good time
709	PG-13	hate us cause they anus A way of saying the phrase, 'Hate us cause they ain't us' with a little more elegance.
452	G	nicholas cage syndrome When you have the same facial expression no matter what emotion you're supposed to be showing.
76	G	noob A. INTRO ;; I. What is this? ;; II. Defining 'Noob' ;; B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICS ;; I. Noobish ;; II. Where to find noobs ;; III. Behavior of noobs ;; IV. Noob religion ;; V. More about noob habitats ;; C. AVOIDING NOOBS ;; I. Make sure you aren't one ;; II. Major noob avoiding strategies ;; ------------------------ ;; A. INTRO ;; I. What is this? ;; This guide is designed to give you a better understanding of what a noob is, how to recognize them, some details about them, and how to avoid or get rid of them. It mostly applies to online forums, which are the main targets of migrating noobs. ;; II. Defining 'Noob' ;; Contrary to the belief of many, a noob/n00b and a [newbie]/[newb] are not the same thing. [Newbs] are those who are new to some task* and are very beginner at it, possibly a little overconfident about it, but they are willing to learn and fix their errors to move out of that stage. [n00bs], on the other hand, know little and have no will to learn any more. They expect people to do the work for them and then expect to get praised about it, and make up a unique species of their own. It is the latter we will study in this guide so that the reader is prepared to encounter them in the wild if needed. ;; Noobs are often referred to as [n00bs] as a sign of disrespect toward them, and it's often hella funny, but I will refer to them as noobs during this reading. ;; * Usually the topic at hand on an internet forum. ;; B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICS ;; I. Noobish ;; Often, but not always, noobs will attempt to communicate in their own primitive language, known as 'n00bish.' It is a variant of the hacker language that exposes them as having little intelligence or will to learn. Here is an example of some noobish. Do not attempt to comprehend it: it cannot be discerned without professionals at hand. ;; stFU /../..an, i r teh r0xx0rz liek emin3m, u cna go tO EHLL OR ATLE4St help m3 wit hthIS!!111!!!!!!!1~~1!!``!! LOLLOLOLLOLOLlOoLLOlollLLl u n00b ;; Although you may find this unbelievably funny and/or annoying, it is best to restrain yourself and keep from talking back to them, as they are very territorial and easily angered. This will result in their attempted verbal abuse of you, possibly backed up by other noobs, because they work in packs when doing offensive tasks. It is not an easy task to learn this language because our intelligent accent will keep it from sounding quite right when spoken. You can write some simple noobish of your own, however, by slamming your face into your keyboard repeatedly. ;; II. Where to find n00bs ;; On the internet, n00bs make their colonies on forums. They migrate in waves, usually on weekends, and proceed to clog up bandwidth with stupid questions and sometimes even stupid answers. If you happen to be unfortunate enough to be on a board large enough to attract migrating noobs, there will hopefully be authority in charge who is smart enough to take extermination measures before they can make nests and larger colonies. [THE BANNER HAMMER] is one form of authority. ;; Larger colonies can result in the mutation of some into spammers. Not commercial spammers, but pointless spammers. A noob can become one of these at any point, but the larger the amount of noobs, the more chance pointless spammers will appear. ;; Off the internet, noobs appear anywhere the focus is on learning or discussing something specific. ;; III. Behavior of noobs ;; Since noobs are basically ignorant bastards, they have a lot in common. The most often seen characteristic is their fluency in noobish, which is why it got its own section. They will also be very self confident as if they were the absolute best at what they are in fact the worst at. Also, they are quite agressive and self-centered, and tend to laugh a lot using many L's and O's in rapid sucession (the noobish word for laughing like an ultimate retard). ;; It is their instinct to assemble in packs for defense, and they often attempt to organize packs that they call teams. Unfortunately for them, teams usually result in a total loss of communication and they can often begin to fight amongst each other. These teams are quite unlike those formed by non-noobs. ;; Noobs have difficulty reading English and cannot comprehend the idea of authority. ;; Therefore, they have an all-out disregard for rules, basic or not. A good way to identify a noob (bad) vs. a [newb] (good) is to tell them (or have an authority tell them) which rule they are unknowingly breaking. If they respond with an apology and fix it, they are probably not a noob. If they react by insulting everything around them in rapid noobish and causing general mayhem, it is because they are a noob and have had a small seizure due to their inability to understand what is happening. ;; IV. Noob Religion ;; Noobs follow a variation of the [1337] (sometimes [7331]) religion, in which they worship the number in odd rituals and put altars in their forum avatars and signatures. They often call themselves [1337], which experts say is somewhat like calling themselves godly in a human language. It's best to not interfere with their religious fantasies and practices because that can lead to a noob uprising, which can turn a forum to mush in less than a week. ;; V. More about noob habitats ;; Noobs often attempt to maintain their own web pages. Some common features of these lairs are a terrible lack of content, background music, lots of pointless animated gifs, and pages that say some variation of 'tHEir isnothinG H34r yEtt LOLLOLOL!111!1!!~~~!!`! 13371337', which means 'Nothing here yet' in noobish. ;; They will also have large, seemingly infinite marquees of 88X31 affiliate buttons replaced with red X's scattered here and there, and possibly a hit counter showing a number less than 100. These habitats are numerous but fairly easy to avoid because only noobs link to them. So if you can identify a noob, don't go to its homepage. Simple as that. ;; C. AVOIDING NOOBS ;; I. Make sure you aren't one ;; Note: This section is bilingual so even noobs can make the discovery if they haven't already. ;; English (T4lk)- ;; Read the above parts of this guide carefully. If you find yourself unable to comprehend any of it but are instead beginning to think about how great you are and how awesome 'teh 1337' is, you might want to take one of the many available online quizzes to check your noobancy. ;; Noobish (133713371337)- Liek, u gott4 re3D teh gudieCAREFUl1y and tehn OMG LIEK I AM R0XX0RZ ya anD ify 0u turn into teh reTARDED u gota go 2 MY WEBP4GE LOLLOLOL!!111~11 ad check 4 warez n stfuu. if u r a n00b go2HELL LOLLOLOlROFLMFAO11!!!11!!!! a/s/l pos gtg n00b suxx0rz ur b0xx0rz OLOOOLOLLLL HELP HELP HELP 1337133713371337 ;; II. Major noob avoiding strategies ;; The main factor in attracting migrating herds of noobs is a large, active forum. If you find one of these, look to see if it has the management to avoid noob infestation. If not, look for a small or mid-sized forum that covers the same topic so you can enjoy your time there before the noobs find it. ;; Another way to keep noobs from interfering with your life is to become part of the authority on one of these forums. But that's often hard to do so you'll probably be better off avoiding larger forums first off. If you do manage to become part of the authority, however, take full advantage of it and establish extermination policies so that normal people can have a nice time without noob infestations.
146	PG-13	amanda A women named Amanda is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes. They are known to be very loveable. Amandas are envied by other women.
420	PG-13	trolling Being a prick on the internet because you can. Typically unleashing one or more cynical or sarcastic remarks on an innocent by-stander, because it's the internet and, hey, you can.
700	G	drum driving While you are driving and listening to music, you bang on the steering wheel as if it were a drum set.
707	PG-13	pfm Pure fucking magic.
125	PG-13	muffin top When a woman wears a pair of tight jeans that makes her flab spill out over the waistband, just like the top of a muffin sits over the edge of the paper case.
16	NC-17	blowjob When us young ladies put our mouth's on a guys cock and suck repeatedly until they reach orgasm. Giving a blowjob should not be looked upon as a chore, but as a pleasurable thing for both involved. Be sure to pay attention to the whole penis, not just the head. Swirl your tongue around the tip while pumping him with your fist or both, if you like. Lovingly message his balls and always deepthroat it. Alternate your speed when sucking a cock, showing your guy that him coming in your mouth is your top priority. And when he does start to come don't stop what you're doing, suck until he's done. And always swallow with a smile.
884	G	remote dance The movements you make with your hand when trying to get your tv to recognize your remote control. ;; All remote dances are different, but most involve twisting your hand around until the remote is almost upside down, thinking that for some reason that will help.
475	R	tramp stamp A tattoo above a woman's ass crack.
631	NC-17	sarah palin Heinous bitch who only got elected because she sucked McCain's dick.
413	G	crop dusting farting while walking; ;; walking while farting;
98	PG-13	bbw A word that fat chicks use as a euphemism for fat. These girls usually run personal ads calling themselves 'pleasingly plump.' Sure, you're pleasingly plump if the South Pole is refreshingly chilly.
974	PG-13	hbic It's an [acronym] which stands for: ;; Head ;; Bitch ;; In ;; Charge
395	PG-13	asshat One who has their head up their ass. Thus wearing their ass as a hat. Asshat
498	PG-13	immaculate defecation Where one voids his or her bowels, only to find, by wiping one's anus, that no evidence of the event remains. Not as rare as immaculate conception, but still magical.
128	R	emily slang term for a highly attractive and sexually intriguing individual.
143	NC-17	angry dragon Immediately after you blow your load in a girl's mouth, smack the back of her head and make it come out her nose. When she gets up she'll look like an angry dragon.
152	PG-13	dumbass Someone who looks up the word 'dumbass' in a dictionary.
870	PG-13	teabagger A whining fool shouting loudly for liberty but not willing to pay the bill.
210	NC-17	superman Superan; When you are mad at your girl for not having sex with you. So when she falls asleep you masturbate and cum on her back. After that, stick the bedsheet on to her back and when she wakes up it's stuck to the cum and she has a cape like Superman!!!
614	G	chiptease When you buy a bag of chips thinking that it will be full of chips but when you open the bag it's barely full.
308	G	beautiful Beautiful is a woman who has a distinctive personality, one who can laugh at anything, including themselves, who is especially kind and caring to others. She is a woman who above all else knows the value of having fun, and not taking life too seriously. She is a woman that you can trust and count on to brighten your day. She is a woman who can inexplicably make you feel really good just by being around her, and yet brings such great sadness when she is gone. She is a woman who I will never really get to know.
455	G	britney spears More hated in America than Osama bin Laden... and that's really, really sad.
62	R	thot A Thot is a hoe. Plural: Thotties
109	G	alex noun. ;; Someone that is of extreme greatness. Often considered as a god in some religions. Also means cool.
528	NC-17	creampie Internal cum shot; Act of ejaculating inside pussy or asshole. Also the moment after the internal ejaculation, when the cum drips out.
319	G	snarky A word that should be googled to find the definition as per direction from Dane Cook. It means short tempered or irritable.
496	PG-13	swooping Surreptitiously checking Urban Dictionary during a game of Cards Against Humanity, because you have no idea what the card you just drew means.
826	G	tongue typo What happens when you know perfectly well what you want to say but it comes out wrong.
167	G	hmu Hold my unicorn.
378	G	ghetto upgrade When you are flying economy on a near empty flight and can lay across an entire row of seats.
423	PG-13	fox news National Republican Bullshit Network. Watched by ignorant, gun-toting, flag-waving ultra-nationalistic right-wing Christian fundamentalists who think George Bush is the new fucking Messiah or something; basically, the scum of American society who, if they had their way, would turn America in a fascistic police state in order to feel safe from the 'terrorists' (aka: 'brown people').
908	PG-13	oscar To pull a lie off so great that it's worthy of a nomination.
196	PG-13	natalie A very pretty girl who is shy at first but then she will open up. She is very trustworthy and has a great sense of humor. She falls for people fast and doesn't trust easily. She is beautiful inside and out people just don't realize it..... yet. Shes kickass and a great friend to have.
925	PG-13	what the actual fuck? An expression of surprise or confusion used when [what the fuck] is insufficient to convey the magnitude of the situation. The increasingly flippant use and associated devaluation of the query 'what the fuck?' has necessitated the creation a more heart-felt derivative.
949	R	nuts to butts adjective: used in a very crowded or tight situation.
655	PG-13	social notworking The practice of spending time unproductively on social-networking websites, especially when one should be working.
871	PG-13	heart on It's like a 'hard on', but with feelings and shit
782	G	dungeon tan the pale skin of a person who plays to much Xbox and doesn't get any sunlight.
540	G	costcop the Costco worker who checks your receipt as you leave
653	G	febreze shower When you haven't showered (and don't have time to), but you don't want to go out smelling bad, so you spray yourself with Febreze instead.
52	PG-13	yolo Abbreviation for: you only live once ;; The dumbass's excuse for something stupid that they did ;; Also one of the most annoying abbreviations ever....
322	PG-13	joshua Joshua is a sexy, masculine individual exuding the most desirable of traits. Although Joshua may be timid at first, his genuine and compassionate charm shine through above all things. He can be trusted with any secret and will always pull through even when the going gets tough. His understanding and supportive nature can put anyone at ease as he is never judgmental but rather always willing to listen with an open mind. He is the epitome of a true man.
131	PG-13	facebook a stalkers dream come true
955	R	mental masturbation Intellectual activity that serves no practical purpose.
269	G	sidewalk salsa When you walk up to someone on the sidewalk and you both try to move out of each other's way, and in doing so repeatedly move into each other's way.
734	R	sad masty To masturbate while crying, and using the tears as lubricant
279	R	life A sexually-transmitted, terminal disease.
613	PG-13	passhole The idiot drivers that move steadily along, but suddenly increase speed when they wake up and realize you are passing them. If they succeed in blocking your opportunity to pass, they will immediately resume the former, annoying pace. If you pass them successfully, they will ride your bumper for a short time before returning to la-la land.
477	NC-17	strawberry shortcake The action in which the male ejaculates on his partner's face, and then the male punches his partner's nose, which causes blood to stream forth. The semen and blood fluids create a red and white image, just like the icing and filling of a strawberry shortcake.
197	G	that's crazy It's the perfect response when you haven't been listening at all. ;; It works whether the other person has been saying something funny, or sad, or infuriating, or boring....
179	G	jessica a wonderfull name that means 'gracious gift from God'
327	G	trill An adjective used in hip-hop culture to describe someone who is considered to be well respected, coming from a combination of the words 'true' and 'real'.
202	G	tumblr The end of your social life.
641	PG-13	brony A name typically given to the male viewers/fans (whether they are straight, gay, bisexual, etc.) of the My Little Pony show or franchise. They typically do not give in to the hype that males aren't allowed to enjoy things that may be intended for females. ;; Other spellings: Bronie ;; Plural spellings: [Bronies]
402	PG-13	iphone Pretty much the coolest portable gadget ever made. It has only one button and everything else is operated by the touch screen. It's an ipod, a phone, and an internet browser. It can also be a remote control, computer mouse, electric razor, mouse trap, a taser, deodorant, hand grenade, a condom, wipes your ass, and gives you eternal life.
961	G	gift parasite A person who adds their name to a gift tag in order to claim partial credit for giving the gift.
292	PG-13	rap Shittiest excuse for 'music' ever created. Nobody knows why people even listen to it. Played at 'parties,' especially at parties thrown by some of my older cousins because they think they're 'cool'.
758	PG-13	shweeting Tweeting whilst shitting.
649	PG-13	christianity The belief that a cosmic Jewish Zombie who was his own father can make you live forever if you symbolically eat his flesh and telepathically tell him you accept him as your master, so he can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib-woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree... yeah, makes perfect sense.
453	G	one upper An annoying person who responds to hearing someone else's experience or problem by immediately telling a similar story about themselves with a much more fantastic (or terrible) outcome.
80	NC-17	blue balls the excrutiating pain a man receives when his balls swell to the size of coconuts because of lack of sex, unfinished bjs, and just not cummin when he knows he should. ;; Cure: JUST WACK IT MAN!! or get your woman to help you out and do the job right. It's that simple to make the horrible pain go away.
456	PG-13	bong what you put the flowers in when then cops drive by
194	PG-13	juggalo For the most part, an uneducated, pathetic excuse for a human being who listens to the group ICP who are bold enough to actually consider themselves musicians. People you see wearing 'hatchet-man' accesories. They should not be allowed to reproduce, because that is too cruel to future generations. ICP isn't rap, it isn't metal, it isn't rap/metal, and it isn't horrorpop. There is only one way to properly categorize ICP; unnecessarily and unartfully offensive and obnoxious noise.
886	R	dick magnet The opposite of a [chick magnet]. ;; Used to refer to anything or anyone who easily attracts guys. Also used with straight guys who easily attract gay guys (My personal favorite).
659	PG-13	ghetto word which rich white girls use to describe almost everything thats not clad with lilly polos and pearls.
536	PG-13	fugly shorter word for 'fucking ugly'
64	R	boobs things that guys like to play with
44	R	milf Mother I'd Like (to) Fuck'
305	R	racist If you're a white man, this is what you are. It doesn't even matter if your wife is black and you have an adopted child from India, or how many black friends you have, somehow you're going to end up being a racist according to how the media portrays the white man as 'racist whities'. ;; All of this is funny because the white man is the one that is stereotyped as being racist, which is hypocrisy at its best. It's racist to assume that white men are racists. ;; If you don't get offended by racial insults, then you're apparently racist too, but an actual racist would get offended by it. When you hear a certain word too much (I'm sure we've all heard 'cracka' hundreds of times thanks to standup comedy) then you become desensitized to it. ;; Well, that and the words white people get called sound stupid or non-offending. 'cracker' came from cracking whips. Indiana Jones cracked whips too, and he was a badass. 'honkey' sounds like some kind of gigantic sandwich, and 'white boy' makes you seem like the lone white kid in breakdance movies that stands out amongst the other races and white kids. Most people only really think of rednecks when they think of 'white trash' so they don't get offended by it if they're not rednecks.
854	PG-13	facebook mommy 1) One who is a worthless mom in real life but posts photos of them with their kids like; #lovemybabies #kidsaremylife ;; 2) A mom who spends 5 hours a night at the club, 10 hours a day asleep, 4 hours a day working, 2 hours a day shopping/eating/drinking coffee with her girls, an hour and a half showering and getting dressed, and 30 minutes with her kids taking 'usies' and posting to facebook using hashtags such as: #mylife #allaboutthem #allday #mommasangel
841	G	kthxbi I understand. Your help in this matter has been greatly appreciated. However, with much regret and much haste, I must be departing from our conversation.
360	G	jason the only name that can be spelled through 5 months of the year.
85	R	myspace It's the ultimate game of testing your ego. It becomes a competition of seeing who has the most friends, so you add everyone you've made eye contact with in the past 6 years, constantly posting bulletins telling people to comment on your NEW PICZ PLZ or die. Also a way for every garage band ever to make a Myspace Music profile without even have talent and/or experience as other bands have. Also a new place for every hott girl in the world to prove how slutty they are by making a Myspace and putting pictures of themselve's where they only have 1/5 of their clothes on with the quote under it 'I used photoshop to cover my boobs, So What.'
930	G	urbaning To look up your own name on Urban Dictionary, either for definition or myspace useage.
283	PG-13	retard A person born with a mental condition and therefore has to work a million times harder to be able to do simple things (such as learn and communicate) that we take for granted. On top of this, a retard will usually suffer a lot of ridicule from society because people fear what they do not understand. The people who choose to make fun of the mental retarded tend to be complete morons and cannot comprehend that these people have feelings and emotions just like anyone else.
811	R	muff Contrary to popular believe, the word muff is not associated with hair at all. Instead, the word 'muff' is an inoffensive, slang word for a vagina. Muffs can range from dainty and tight to floppy and roast beef colored. Some muffs smell fishy or sweaty, and others smell like skin or roses. Some muffs are hairy, others are bare, and some have razor burn or ingrown hairs. Females (and transexuals) of all ages have muffs. There are baby muffs and grandma muffs. Most muffs have a week of bleeding, unless the owner is on some sort of contraceptive (see: Depovera, Seasonal). It is also the root word for Muffdiver, Muffed, and Muffdoctor.
922	G	flintstone feet Flintstone feet is someone with feet that can walk on anything barefoot . Fred Flintstone didn't wear shoes and could walk,run on grass,dirt,concrete etc .
153	PG-13	lil wayne Accidentally shot himself in the chest once.
160	NC-17	blue waffle Go to Google.com type in 'Blue waffle' and then click the 'I'm feeling lucky' button. ;; Then you'll know what the fuck it means >.<
966	G	tooth sweater When you go for a day or so without brushing your teeth, and the texture in your mouth feels like your teeth are wearing fuzzy little sweaters.
386	G	tupac The definitive rapper, and in my opinion the definitive hero. Tupac's was one of the most beautiful souls ever to grace this planet. Everything he touched was art, he practically made the genre of gangsta rap, was a true genius and an extremely good man at heart. Complicated as he was, he fought and rapped for what he believed in and with an unsurpassed level of emotion. He's an icon and a legend to the growing society of African- Americans and anybody else who looks up to him. His legacy will unsurpassed by any before and afer him and no matter what the hell any of you think, and no matter what the hell happens Tupac will always THE hero and role model for me.
82	G	alaskan firedragon So the Urbandictionary definition made you curious too?
189	R	chuck norris One Kick Ass Son of a Bitch! ;; Some random facts about Chuck Norris: ;; 'Alien vs Predator' is an autobiographical depiction of Chuck Norris' first sexual experience. ;; While Chuck Norris was on holiday in Spain, he ate some bad paella causing him to take the largest shit known to man. That shit is now France. ;; Instead of having a cigarette after sex, Chuck Norris heads outside and brands his cattle. ;; Chuck Norris doesn't break up with his girlfriends... He punches them in the vagina and they leave. ;; Chuck Norris had sex with a cigarette machine. ;; Chuck Norris once ate an entire watermelon, including the seeds, then grew an entire watermelon patch in his stomach which fed eleven families for six weeks. ;; In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck killed that man. ;; If you were to know Chuck Norris' true name, your mind would collapse upon itself. ;; A freak accident involving Chuck Norris and a severe thunderstorm turned an ordinary Total Gym (R) into Richard Dean Anderson, star of TV series 'MacGyver'. Scholars around the world maintain that this is the only known case of irony that is both situational and dramatic. ;; Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is unable to send his roundhouse kicks across the fabric of time, however he IS able to perform this action across parallel dimentions and once, just for fun, roundhouse kicked his own ass. ;; Chuck Norris broke his own leg, purely for the sake of winning the special olympics. ;; Chuck Norris once went to a frat party, and proceeded to roundhouse every popped collar in sight. He then drank three kegs and shit on their floor, just because he's Chuck Norris. ;; Don't say anything bad about Chuck Norris if you're near a lake, river, pond or marsh; otherwise he will come up out of the water with his AK-47 already firing. ;; Upon reading a fictitious story in his local tabloid, Chuck Norris ripped out the heart of its writer and used his blood to fertilize his lawn. To celebrate, Norris let Steven Seagal out of his cage and beat him mercilessly. Mr. T, who was also present, pitied the shit out of Segal. Norris then fucked your wife, and lit her body on fire using pure grain alcohol and bolts of lightning from his eyes. ;; When Neil Armstrong uttered 'One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.' on the moon in 1969, he failed to notice Chuck Norris sitting behind him in a lawnchair, a beer in hand, until Chuck Norris gave Armstrong a swift roundhouse kick to the face. Armstrong never returned. ;; There is a secret plot to clone the greatest Hollywood action movie stars in order to create an unbeatable army. The people behind this plot only need very small samples of DNA to work with. This is why so many action stars have very short haircuts, and some even go to the extent of shaving their heads to prevent the evil fiends from getting such a sample. Chuck Norris is the only one with the balls not only to grow his hair long, but also to cultivate facial hair. When he's feeling particularly cocky, he sends his toenail clippings to the evil syndicate's headquarters with a note: 'Just try it, bitches, and I'll kick your asses into next Thursday.' ;; Chuck Norris occasionally has Missing In Action flashbacks where he's escaping a Vietnam Prison and randomly starts killing Asians with his bare fist because thats the way Chuck rolls. You'll know when it's coming because Asians start flying through the air with random explosions, horrible subtitles will scroll your line of vision, and Chuck will run and hide in your mom's garden, finally stealing your Kia Sportage screaming, 'Get in the Chopper' and lines like, 'I'm Proud to be a Fucking American' after kicking your little sister in the face
677	NC-17	pearl necklace the glorious culmination of tit-fucking, in which you blow your nuts out all over a girl's tits, shoulders, neck, and, with any luck, chin. one of the highest expressions of love and affection bestowable upon a woman by a man.
644	PG-13	deepfave when you are stalking someone on facebook or twitter and accidentally like a post of theirs from two years back, revealing how deep you have dug into their past.
746	PG-13	swerve Comes From The Song 'Mercy' By Kanye West. It Is Often Used To Imply Dodging Someone. Kind of Like 'Say Man, Gone On With That Bullshit
771	NC-17	imax and climax Netflix and chill, but to the next level. It means you are going to climax with your partner while an IMAX is playing in the background. It's for adults and risk takers, while Netflix and chill is simply for children.
787	PG-13	your mom what u say in responce to any question
438	R	sideboob A view of the female [breast] seen from a side; generally under loosely-fitting clothes. Very titillating (pun intended) and sexual without showing any overt nudity.
141	G	donald trump Living proof that money can't buy good hair.
335	G	cool story bro A phrase sarcastically used to indicate one's disgust or indifference towards a [tl;dr] story.
373	G	going batman Taking on the night life after taking care of business during the day.
313	R	redneck You would be a redneck if: ;; You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos. ;; You need an estimate from your barber before you get a haircut. ;; The biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid you'll wear to the 4-H Fair. ;; You have flowers planted in a bathroom appliance in your front yard. ;; Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator. ;; You move your refrigerator and the grass underneath it has turned yellow. ;; You mow your lawn and find a car. ;; You can spit without opening your mouth. ;; Going to the bathroom in the middle of the night involves putting on shoes and a jacket and grabbing a flashlight. ;; You go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend, and you only need to buy one gift. ;; Taking a dip has nothing to do with water. ;; There are more than ten lawsuits currently pending against your dog. ;; You take a fishing pole to Sea World. ;; The hood and one door are a different color from the rest of your car. ;; You've ever filled your deer tag on the golf course. ;; You've ever shot somebody over a mall parking space. ;; Santa Claus refuses to let your kids sit in his lap. ;; Your toilet paper has page numbers on it. ;; You think mud rasslin' should be an Olympic sport. ;; The receptionist checks the rat traps at your place of business. ;; More than one living relative is named after a Southern Civil War general. ;; You think the stock market has a fence around it. ;; You think the O.J. trial was the big Sunkist and Minutemaid taste test. ;; You've ever lost a loved one to kudzu. ;; Your boat has not left the driveway in 15 years. ;; Your front porch collapses and kills more than three dogs. ;; Your coffee table used to be a telephone cable spool. ;; You keep a can of Raid on the kitchen table. ;; You've ever used a toilet seat as a picture frame. ;; Your home has more miles on it than your car. ;; Your Christmas tree is still up in February. ;; You've ever been arrested for loitering. ;; You think that potted meat on a saltine is an hors d'ouvre. ;; There is a stuffed possum anywhere in your house. ;; You hammer bottle caps into the frame of your front door to make it look nice. ;; You've ever shot anyone for looking at you. ;; You own a homemade fur coat. ;; Your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat. ;; Your momma has 'ammo' on her Christmas list. ;; You've totaled every car you've ever owned.
287	PG-13	butter face n. A girl who is hot, except for her (but her, butter) face.
777	PG-13	ezekiel 25:17 The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
212	PG-13	attention whore Label given to any person who craves attention to such an extent that they will do anything to receive it. The type of attention (negative or positive) does not matter.
738	R	( . y . ) [BOOBIES]. big boobs-( . Y . ) ;; small boobs- (.Y.) ;; perky boobs- (*Y*) ;; etc. etc.
728	R	mouthgasm When you eat something that causes you to make pleasurable sounds out loud, exactly like the ones that you make when you have a orgasm.
596	G	reader's block Related to [Writer's Block], this is when you cannot, for the life of you, pick up a book and read it. Sure, you may be able to read a paragraph or two, or maybe even a page, but you don't retain anything of what you just read or have the attention span and/or will to go on. This is common for those who have ADD, are in possession of garbage literature, or are just so exhausted from having to read so many books during school/college that reading anything else, even for pleasure, has become impossible. To those who love to read, this is worse than heart disease and cancer combined.
408	PG-13	pullin' a palin 1. Quitting when the going gets tough; abandoning the responsibility entrusted to you by your neighbors for book advances and to make money on the lecture circuit. ;; 2. Bizarre move that will damn ambitions for higher office.
254	PG-13	honkey the scum of the earth; a perpetual liar; a deranged monkey with delusions of grandeur.
776	PG-13	maris A Male version of Paris Hilton. ;; M(ale) + (p)ARIS = MARIS ;; Marises are spoiled little male prima donnas, never having worked a day in their lives, always getting bailed out by Mommy and Daddy. They tote around small dogs, think life revolves around their imagined social status, and are intellectually challenged. ;; Most Marises are so self absorbed that they think they are the shit, the be all and end all, not having the slightest inkling that everyone else has absolutely no respect for them.
123	G	dork Someone who has odd interests, and is often silly at times. A dork is also someone who can be themselves and not care what anyone thinks.
116	R	thotcrates A thot that philosophizes about their sexual promiscuity. New nickname given to Karrine Steffans by a witty YouTube commenter.
375	G	friend zone What you attain after you fail to impress a woman you're attracted to. Usually initiated by the woman saying, 'You're such a good friend'. Usually associated with long days of suffering and watching your love interest hop from one bad relationship to another. Verb tense is 'Friend-ed'.
572	R	porm You meant to search porn but you made a typo and searched porm on google. You saw this on urbandictionary and it made you curious so you clicked this. now you are here.
900	R	chink A [racist] term used to describe the Chinese.
451	PG-13	french microphone When some ones sleeping with there mouth open and you fart in their mouth causing an echo
333	R	soulja boy Another half-assed rapper from the south who only seems to rap about Bapes or getting crunk. Sadly, his newest song 'Crank Dat' has seemed to garner the attention of almost every 16-17 year old teenage girl. He is the perfect example of the typical southern snap crap.
845	R	shane dawson A cross dressing emo faggot best known for his attention whoring on Youtube and faking a suspension to get more subscriptions and viewers. He has a cult of brainless morons which range from teenage girls to young homosexual males that think everything he does is funny.
589	G	neighbornet What you get when you connect to your neighbor's wireless (or wired, for that matter) internet, with or without his or her knowledge.
271	PG-13	tyler Originating from the movie 'Fight Club', Tyler is used to describe one who is extremely sexy and bad ass.
91	NC-17	blumpkin The delicately balanced art of getting your cock sucked while taking a dump.
4	R	nigger A fully grown niglet
441	PG-13	air guitar An ancient art that originated after God wanted to rock out but had no electric guitar on hand. He realised how sweet a thing he had just created so he wanted to pass it down onto man when man had no axe to rock with. This talent was given to man, by God, through Jesus. Jesus showed the world the ineffable art of air guitar during his ressurection. Jesus was radiating with a bright white light because he was rocking so hard. ;; The art of the air guitar was thus written down in the Bible and succesfully passed on to man. The practice of air guitar since it's inception has been shown throughout the history of the world. Jesus is discretely air guitaring in the famous painting The Last Supper in the Galleria Borghese, Rome. ;; On and on has this holy tradition gone. It is kept alive by generations of rockers young and old. If you are listening to a really sweet guitar solo and you have no real guitar to emulate the action of rocking, pick up your hands, put them in position, and rock and roll all night. ;; Remember...rock on.
120	R	bootylicious Some strange word that urban dictionary always wants us to search for....
46	PG-13	sexy Something the girls in the example pictures aren't.
716	G	trailer fraud When a trailer misrepresents the movie it advertises. When you view the actual movie, you see the trailer has nothing to do with the narrative, characters or plot. You are a victim of trailer fraud.
946	PG-13	coming out of the cupboard coming out of the cupboard' is a figure of speech for popular or non popular people's disclosure of their secret obsession for Harry Potter. ;; The term comes from the well know phrase 'coming out of the closet' which refers to a person revealing that they are gay/lesbian. ;; The 'closet' part is replaced by 'cupboard' because, as we know, Harry Potter lived in the 'cupboard under the stairs' in the beginning of the book series.
672	R	7.4 inches The length Laurenz claims his tool is.
675	R	maintenance fuck when your partner has sex with you to avoid listening to you complain about not having sex
650	R	condom game Thisis a game that can have as many or as little amount of players as u want. it is played in a supermarket. u grab a box of condoms and follow and unsuspecting shopper. while they arent looking u slip the condoms into their shopping. Then u follow them to the checkout and see what happens. You score a point if they dont notice and purchase them. but if they notice them and put them aside u get nothing. a fun game to play.
142	R	rule 34 Generally accepted internet rule that states that pornography or sexually related material exists for any conceivable subject. ;; Additionally it is accepted that the rule itself has limitations and you cannot be too specific on the content of the item in question. ;; Most commonly used on various message boards for various reasons, from humor to cruelty.
820	PG-13	hell A yellow bus carries me there every morning Monday through Friday.
794	G	textpectation The anticipation one feels when waiting for a response to a text message.
430	R	anthony Sexy,Cute and all round smooth talker. ;; Anthony has been mentioned as one hunk of a Sex God. ;; Due to this increasingly used term for anyone being good in bed, it has made its self known within the streets!
902	PG-13	vanessa A moderately common name for an American female; pretty; hot; beautiful; perfect; cutest girl you'll ever see; angel
684	G	keedon One who is obsessed with the game of baseball, baseball cards, baseball players, and anything remotely related to baseball is called a keedon (See [baseball]).
71	R	kevin basicilly a kid with a huge dick. looks great, smells great, and all the ladies want him. great at sports also. great sense of humor.
937	PG-13	butterface Chick with a hell of a nice body, but the face is ugly.
814	PG-13	buddy whoring People who randomnly collect 'friends' on Facebook or other social sites in which they have no idea who the hell they are.
819	PG-13	sjw Social Justice Warrior. A pejorative term for an individual who repeatedly and vehemently engages in arguments on social justice on the Internet, often in a shallow or not well-thought-out way, for the purpose of raising their own personal reputation. A social justice warrior, or SJW, does not necessarily strongly believe all that they say, or even care about the groups they are fighting on behalf of. They typically repeat points from whoever is the most popular blogger or commenter of the moment, hoping that they will 'get SJ points' and become popular in return. They are very sure to adopt stances that are 'correct' in their social circle. ;; The SJW's favorite activity of all is to dogpile. Their favorite websites to frequent are Livejournal and Tumblr. They do not have relevant favorite real-world places, because SJWs are primarily civil rights activists only online.
792	R	deez nuts 1) A sarcastic expression used to denote annoyance or frustration. ;; 2) A term used when you just dont give a fuck ;; 3) Look, my dick and balls are bigger than yours.
958	PG-13	brianna Someone who is [hot], [nice],[tappable], [sexy], and a great [girlfriend]! she is great at [sports] and is very very hot!
293	PG-13	jordan A different word for very large penis
214	G	esrun To send out automated spam
331	PG-13	gay buffer When you sit down somewhere (usually in a movie theater) and purposely leave an extra seat between you and a person of the same sex so as not to appear gay.
889	R	reem This word means; I'm a total dick that watches a shit program and then insists on quoting things from it in my own life. (often this isn't its literal meaning and just something the user is intending to imply)
603	NC-17	restless dick syndrome When you try and and wake up your bed-mate in the middle of the night by poking her in the back with your burgeoning hard on.
901	R	grundle The prime piece of real estate located conveniently between Scrotumburg and Anusville.
836	PG-13	do i smell popcorn? Phrase uttered when you have passed a particularly pungent bubble of gas that you are so proud of you want everyone to take a deep whiff.
88	G	ryan the cutest guy ever, and has the greatest respect for girls, is funny, and very very LOVING!
652	PG-13	shit the bed A sudden and complete failure or collapse producing a profoundly negative result.
429	R	pink sock (n) this is the result of excessive anal plundering; the intestines actually exit through the anus, forming a dangling mass, resembling a pink sock.
203	G	stephanie Stephanie is very nice and caring towards everyone and she always has a smile on her face no matter what and even though she doesnt know it she is very beautiful and smart.
842	G	youtube moment A moment or short event where you wish you had a video camera with you. The video equivalent of a [kodak moment].
543	G	wtf The World Taekwondo Federation. ;; WTF, holds many competitions throughout the world.
468	PG-13	you fit the description Phrase that police use to justify arresting any African American in any situation.
436	PG-13	karen Karen is the perfect woman. She has no flaw. She's funny, sweet, smart as hell, and above all, she is extremely gorgeous. She doesn't let anyone push her around and she has a great personality. She has some awesome goals set and always wins my heart. Has great taste in guys. Don't listen to what the other jack-off put. Everybody loves Karen.
940	G	google harder A phrase used in response to someone whining about not being able to find something on Google. ;; An expert googler would then show some resemblance of pity and assist by immediately googling for the desired information successfully.
278	NC-17	bukkake 1. noun Variety of fetish that involves repeated ejaculation on a female by many (8 will do) men. ;; 2. verb To ejaculate on something, especially repeatedly
625	PG-13	you look tired Politically correct way of saying that you look like shit.
282	PG-13	punk A guy walks up to me and asks 'What's Punk?'. So I kick over a garbage can and say 'That's punk!'. So he kicks over the garbage can and says 'That's Punk?', and I say 'No that's trendy!
662	G	dead text a text that is recieved too long after is sent so you are no longer obligated to reply to it.
898	R	jigaboo The funniest sounding racial slur known to man. Used mainly by whites to disparage black people.
732	PG-13	worldstar First thing out someone's mouth when shit is about to go down. Usually shouted when a fight breaks out. Guaranteed to see at least one titty and a KO. Originates from [worldstarhiphop.com] (a popular website that showcases upcoming rappers, latest cultural/world news, butt-nekkid women, many fights, etc.)
844	PG-13	ass jacket When someone or something, is acting asinine.
33	NC-17	dirty sanchez You guys are wrong, its when a man and a woman engage in anal sex, then the man takes his penis and rubs it on the girls upper lip leaving a moustache.
399	PG-13	g6 G6 / G650. ;; Slang for the Gulfstream G650, a twin-engine jet airplane manufactured by Gulfstream Aerospace. ;; The estimated pricetag exceeds $58 million USD, and will be assembled in Gulfstream's new manufacturing facility in Savannah, Georgia. Gulfstream begins taking orders for the aircraft in April, 2010, with delivery beginning in 2012.
130	R	guido A sad pathetic excuse for a male; not necessarily of Italian descent, but most likely; usually native to the New York/New Jersey Tri-State area. ;; WARDROBE: tight zipper shirts, tracksuits, designer jeans, fuzzy kangol hats, tiny hoop earrings, fake gold chains, and related Euro-trash garb and tacky cheese-wear. ;; NATURAL HABITAT: Known to frequent Tri-State area malls looking for club gear to waste their week's pay on (most likely spotted shopping at 'Bang Bang' in Staten Island). During the day when not at their food delivery, telemarketting, or construction job, can be located at their local gym tanning or lifting weights. Can be found nightly at mainstream danceclubs they read about online (SF, Webster Hall, Etc.). Most notable for cruising the Jersey shore in an old car (Honda, Mustang, etc.) which has been tinted, painted and sports $1,000-$3,000 rims in a feeble attempt to look like new. Guido cars usually have a boomin' system through which cheesy music like freestyle, commercial club/trance and hip-hop (anything KTU plays) is loudly blasted. ;; GENETIC LINKS: Directly related to modern day urban-guidos, A.K.A. 'wiggers,' A.K.A. 'wegros;' urban-guidos are white males who once exhibited the traits referenced above, but have now instead opted to keep it unreal, with wardrobes consisting of clothes from labels like FUBU and Rocawear which they bought on sale at Macy's. These individuals still listen to the same music and drive the same type of car as their predecessor; it is usually just their choice of attire and use of slang and poor speech skills that differentiate them from the classic guido. Most guidos are distrusting of non-whites despite the fact some of their attire and music can be traced to non-white origins. ;; PASSTIMES/RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES: Guidos enjoy beating up a non-white or homosexual while assisted by a group of 5-10 guido friends backing them up; engaging in date rape; and displaying their lack of rhythm by dancing poorly in the middle of a club's dance floor while non-guidos look on in disbelief.
127	PG-13	cock The male reproductive organ. Used as a secondairy brain at times.
342	PG-13	loser A dumb bitch who uses the wrong hand to make the 'L' symbol on her forehead. ;; As seen in the image above.
442	G	weenis Its actually the skin on your elbow.
821	PG-13	resting douche face similar to the resting bitch face. when a guy just looks like an asshole but hes actually a nice guy with a face of a complete doucher
765	R	dtf Abbreviation for 'down to fuck'
81	PG-13	james Someone who is un usually well hung. People with the name James are generally known for their good looks (especially the eyes) and women are just simply attracted to them.
788	PG-13	emotional dump Unloading all of your emotional crap unmercifully onto one or more of your friends.
954	R	slapperdoodle A spontaneous event which is associated with wetness like a puppy licking your face. Could also be used to describe any kind of unexpected, yet warmly received, gesture. Can also be used sarcastically to describe either mishaps or actions which could result in a mishap like leaving a banana peel on the floor (e.g., 'Bro, nice slapperdoodle in the kitchen! Clean that shit up.')
154	PG-13	trap queen A bomb-ass female. ;; The baddest female. ;; She is loyal to her friends,lives for her family,and gives no fucks to bitter,petty bitches. ;; She also enjoys listening to trap music.
507	G	can't even Can't deal or can't handle it/you.
490	G	craydar A man's ability to see whether or not a woman be cray cray or not
943	G	pop a squat to sit down or to take a seat.
383	R	sexting v: the act of text messaging someone in the hopes of having a sexual encounter with them later; initially casual, transitioning into highly suggestive and even sexually explicit
431	PG-13	gtl The process of staying fresh and mint. Stands for 'Gym, tan, laundry.' Must be done everyday to achieve maximum potential. Side effects include fist pumping. Coined by the eloquent Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino from MTV's ground breaking Jersey Shore.
607	PG-13	vine Something you do it for.
465	PG-13	neckbeard 1. (n) Facial hair that does not exist on the face, but instead on the neck. Almost never well groomed. ;; 2. (n) Derogatory term for slovenly nerdy people who have no sense of hygene or grooming. Often related to hobbies such as card gaming, video gaming, anime, et. al.
345	PG-13	jfgi Just Fucking Google it. You say it when somebody asks a stupid question.
852	G	cod diet when you lose a lot of weight due to missing meals, because you play too much call of duty
764	G	epic fail Complete and total failure when success should have been reasonably easy to attain.
463	PG-13	ebonics A poor excuse for a failure to grasp the basics of english. When in doubt, throw an 'izzle' sound in the middle of any word of just string random thoughts together and insinuate that they actually mean something. When backed into a corner, you can always claim that it has something to do with a sort of symbolism or is a defining trait that makes your race great, versus own up to the fact that it is essentially laziness at it's finest.
503	G	does a catholic priest make a good babysitter? A slightly rude way of saying 'no'.
162	PG-13	mra Acronym for a group called Men's Rights Activists. ;; I.E. - A bunch of whiny pedantic morons that think there is some vast Illuminati feminist conspiracy while seemingly ignoring the fact that their own gender runs the majority of the world.
542	G	ron paul Sitting Texas Congressman and one time Libertarian Party presidential candidate. The only honest man left in Washington.
17	PG-13	muslim Somebody who goes to live in other peoples countries but refuses to integrate with or tolerate their way of life. At the same time they demand we tolerate them and make all the changes to accomodate their stoneage way of life. ;; Not all muslims are terrorists, but most terrorists are muslims. ;; Great Britain - Love it or leave it.
550	R	porn storm Surfing for porn and getting bombarded with pop-up windows.
999	R	gravediggin trying to have sex with an older person
775	G	mom The woman who loves you unconditionally from birth, the one who puts her kids before herself and the one who you can always count on above everyone else. ;; Just telling her your problems makes you feel better because mom's always know how to make it all go away. ;; Even if you fight, know that she's just looking out for your best interests.
504	G	morning-skinny That magical time after a morning dump and before you eat anything.
882	G	ride or die to be down with your husband/wife no matter what, through it all the good and the bad.
458	PG-13	sara A person who is very hot and has the greatest personality ever! In hebrew Sara means princess. There for you should treat her as if she was one! Sara is also a very irresistable person.
945	PG-13	shawty Fine ass woman, or your girl.
626	R	shart a small, unintended defecation that occurs when one relaxes the anal sphincter to fart (blend of 'shit' and 'fart')
309	R	chav Derived from Chatham in Kent, this term can be applied loosely to every culture with a nasty, thieving element. There are many variants of this creature but all are subject to the following commonalities: ;; Chavs are completely Amoral, having never been subjected to right and wrong by their inattentive, uncaring and often absent parents. ;; Chavs are part [Magpie], evidentially supported by their love of all things shiny, or as vaccuous, illiterate street-slang would say '[Bling]'. They can be seen twokking from the Jewelry counter in [Argos]/[Index]. ;; Whatever their ethnic background, Chavs have a built-in affinity to hip-hop/R&B, even if they are inherently racist (see the [Scottish]). They see their life as glamorous and cool. ;; Chavs are for the most part, extremely stupid. However, some of them render a form of low cunning, which can be misinterpreted as intelligence. However this is false. A Chav has no desire to better themself through honest means nor learn anything outside of car modification. ;; All chavs think that they are [nails]. Again, this is false. Sitting in a beaten up nova smoking lamberts does not precipitate a healthy body. The irony being that a Chav owns mainly sportswear, yet will only break a sweat if running from the police. ;; Chavs are incredibly fertile beasts, and are highly successful breeders. Where they come unstuck is having to look after the [offspring] which their 13 yr old drunken fumble produces. More often that not the child will crow to be a Chav, having received no more guidance on life than the parent. ;; Chavs have a fond love for cars, as well as a [Vin Diesel] fixation. Rather than buy a nice car to start with, a chav will spend all their dole and tax-free labouring cash on upgrading a 10 year old car with 200,000 miles on the clock. The end product will invariably be a luminous monstrosity with at least one serious collision to it's name.
848	G	soccer The world's most popular sport
428	R	handcestors HANDCESTORS, all the ancestors never to be born due to male masturbation.
264	NC-17	clit Bastardization of clitoris. ;; Located at the point where the labia (lips of the vagina) coverge at the top of the vagina. It usually is hidden beneath what looks to be a large fleshy nub called a hood. When stimulated or by pushing the pelvic tissue upward, it can be seen. ;; Extremely sensitive organ that produces immense amounts of sexual pleasure for most women. When properly stimulated, can induce multiple orgasms. ;; Marks women as the only animal on this planet with an organ designated solely for sexual pleasure. ;; Usually a must for most women during sexual intercourse. Most face to face positions allow for it to be 'crushed' by flesh and pushed upward by thrusts via the male hips. Not suprisingly, most women find it difficult to orgasm in positions that do not allow for the stimulation of the clitoris without some hand to hand help. ;; A reasonable substitute for foreplay. ;; Formed from the same tissue as the head of the male penis. ;; God's bribe for childbirth.
364	G	world of warcraft A good fun alternative to life.
55	PG-13	misandry Dear editor, this entry does not violate any of the rules on the editor homepage. 'Rule 3. Publish opinions. Don't reject an entry just because it's opinionated. Opinions are useful to readers unfamiliar with a topic. Don't reject an entry because you disagree or are offended. Don't reject an entry because you think it's inaccurate.' It's not sexist as it's a view which can be held by any gender, doesn't generalise entire groups and citing another's opinion isn't personal approval or promotion. 'Rule 2. Entries can document discrimination but not endorse it.' ;; Generally, 'misandry' refers to the hatred and oppression of men on a genotypic basis. ;; As sociologist Allan Johnson notes, 'misandry' has no place in a male-identified, male-centered world. Moreover, Johnson states: 'And it takes almost no criticism at all in order for men to feel 'bashed,' like it's 'open season on men.' In fact, just saying 'male privilege' or 'patriarchy' can start eyes rolling and evoke that exasperated sense of 'Here we go again.' (Allan Johnson, 'Privilege, power and difference,' p. 197) 'Accusations of male bashing and man hating work to discredit feminism because people often confuse men as individuals with men as a dominant and privileged category of people. Given the reality of women's oppression, male privilege, and some men's enforcement of both, it's hardly surprising that EVERY woman should have moments when she resents or even 'hates' men.' (Allan Johnson, 'The gender knot,' p. 107
157	PG-13	sex story Also known as erotica. They are stories of sexual memories.
939	PG-13	sofa king A 'friendly' way to say 'so [fucking]'.
689	G	photobomb (verb)- to drop in a [photo] unexpectedly...to hop in a [picture] right before it is taken.
421	PG-13	christopher Maybe when you first meet a Christopher they'll seem like a jerk, and hurt you emotionally multiple times, or possible make the lamest jokes but one day he'll make up for it all, the best he can. Christophers will eventually realize the love that they've stored in a safe place for you. Christophers usually have the most gorgeous smile out there, and the most seductive voice. They're someone you wouldn't mind spending the rest of your entire life with. They have a tendancy to spend more time thinking of what to do for someone else than themselves. Christophers love adventure, new things, something to get their blood rushing and heart pounding. ;; I love my Christopher, forever and always. ;; That soldier, he keeps me sane. ;; (=
524	G	social fruitfly Like a social butterfly, without any charm or beauty. An unwanted pest.
755	R	college A magical place where it is rumored that learning takes place, although to those who enter it is often described differently afterward, as a beatiful land in which beer flows in amber currents next to a golden pasture, where virgins lie naked with gentle smiles upon their calm, inviting faces; but more precisely, a Shangri-La rite of passage into adulthood which involves rampant consumption of alcoholic beverages, flagrant and promiscuous sexual behavior, and a general and fundamental disregard for any form of responsibility by its habitants.
398	G	youtube loop When you go to watch a quick 30 second video on YouTube and regain consciousness hours later having jumped from interesting video to interesting video. ;; Similar to a [wikipedian loop] or 'WikiComa'
547	PG-13	manstration When a man is going through his monthlies
887	R	soccer mom A usually white, middle-classed woman. She drives an SUV. Her kids are her 'little angels' and are more important than anything or anyone else in the world and deserve to play game demos or do anything else more than everyone. She doesn't let her 'little angels' watch TV with 'naughty words' such as crap, pussywillow, and pants. Her kids aren't allowed to go on the internet because it's all about sex, raping little children, buying useless crap, and getting scammed. She strictly enforces the ESRB ratings systems; by that I mean makes up her own: EC = 10 and under, E = 11 and up, T and above = 'Not in my house' (Movies: PG and under = Only movies you can see). Anything that doesn't say they're Christian is automatically Satanic; this includes 99.998% of music. Her children participate in as many after-school activities as possible and are usually at day camp during the summer. ;; Soccer moms are usually seen screaming at people, getting into car accidents, and breaking copies of Grand Theft Auto: Vice City and refusing to pay for them.
723	R	craigslist gay A straight acting, possibly married man, who hooks up with men on the down low. He's straight in his every day life but gay on Craigslist.
487	G	mike The most amazing boy in the world. He is quiet around the masses but he opens up around the one he loves. He is extraordinarily protective in the best of ways. Mike can and will make you laugh harder than anyone else. He is the most adorable, cute, nice, sweet, kind, generous, loving, caring, genuine, funny, considerate, awesome person I have ever met. Every moment of my life would be better if I could spend it with him. I could talk to him all day long and we'd never run out of things to say. His smile can make my day; even if it's from across the room. I love him more than the sun, I need him more than breath it's self. I can't imagine my life without him; it scares me more than anything. I will spend the rest of my life in his arms.
261	PG-13	patrick All around perfect man and a sexy beast. Known to cause even the most loyal of girls to turn on their boyfriends. Talented with music, words, and kills in any sport he plays. Strong like bull. Always competitive, and ALWAYS wins what he competes in. Some consider to be on the status of not only a god, but THE God.
620	G	mantrum when a grown man throws a tantrum when he can't have his way.
539	R	the squids from chicago Popular punk band from Chicago from 1990-2002, featuring Joey Spatafora on lead vocals, Billy (People are Still Having Sex) LaTour, Emery Yost on bass, Scott Bahry, Bob Fesus and Judy Johnson. Spatafora recently wrote and stars in an upcoming indie cult film, 'The Good Food Guy And The Doo Doo King', along with Bahry. LaTour wrote most of the original score for the film. The Squids greatest hits cd is called '4 Floors Of Whores' on Hot Dog Water Records. Known best for their hits 'Bad Haircut' , 'The Harmonica Song', and 'Every Time She Calls My Name' otherwise known as 'The Boner Song'.
514	G	jasmine a beautiful unique girl who is incredibly fun and wise. ;; loud and has a lot of spunk. ;; girls wanna be her, guys wanna have her. ;; often immitated, but never replaced. ;; an honest and loving person who isnt afraid to speak the truth.
533	R	cannabis The point of this entry should really be this: That the word 'Cannabis' is not slang at all. Instead it is the accepted botanical Genus name for the plant we know by so many other slang and colloquial terms: Hemp, Pot, Marijuana, Ganja, Weed, etc. etc. (Cannabis sps. sativa, indica, and ruderalis.) ;; Let the word Cannabis remind us that this indigenous herb, which the self-destructive dominator culture feels it needs to persecute so much, is in fact one of the many gifts from the abundant Earth... as natural as the clouds, the rain, the corn in the fields and all the many fruits of our gracious intelligent, and loving planet, Gaia. ;; Show your support: Give a thumbs up and let the readers know that you feel the same way. Let's make this entry a social and political statement. =)
158	G	sarah The name 'Sarah' is translated from the Hebrew language. It means 'Princess'...and rightly so!
559	PG-13	satan The best friend the Christian religion has ever had, and who has kept them in business for two thousand years.
506	G	michelle Hebrew meaning 'like God'...michelle's are often Leo's, astonishingly gorgeous, very athletic, dark hair and usually curly/waivy/thick, another thing is that almost all Michelle's have similar noses.
368	R	virgin n. Person who has not yet had sex. Largely believed to be mythological.
948	G	tigger Something - usually electronic - that suddenly stops working, is tiggered. ;; Tigger as a verb means to break beyond repair.
574	PG-13	ricer (Ricer: from the latin word Ricarius meaning to suck at everything you attempt) ;; A person who makes unecessary modifications to their most often import car (hence the term 'rice') to make it (mostly make it look) faster. The most common modifications are (but not limited to): ;; - Huge exhaust that serves no purpose but to make the car louder ;; - Large spoiler on the back that looks like something Boeing made for the 747 ;; - Lots of after-market company stickers they don't have parts from, but must be cool ;; - Expensive rims that usually cost more than the car itself ;; - Bodykit to make the car appear lower, usually accented with chicken wire ;; - Clear tail lights and corner signals ;; - A 'performace intake'- a tube that feeds cold air to their engine usually located in areas of excessive heat (behind or on top of the engine) ;; - Most of these riced cars (a.k.a. rice rockets or rice burners) are imports; Honda Civics, Accords, Integras, CRXs, RSXs, Del Sols Mitsubishi Eclipses, Lancers, Subaru Imprezas, however there are some domestics such as Chevrolet Caviliers, Dodge Neons, Ford Focus; small, slow, economy cars designed specifically to go slow. Please note that some Supras, Skylines, WRX's and other higher performance imports are designed to go fast, and are therfore not always considered rice. It really depends on the severity of the case. ;; The 'ricer' attempts to make their car 'performance' by adding the modifications listed above. These ricers are not confined to any one ethnic group or color, however different ethnic groups are known for certain styles.
936	G	mow the laundry Doing a load of laundry after allowing clothes to pile up on your bedroom floor for weeks.
77	R	fo' shizzle my nizzle fo shizzle ma nizzle' is a bastardization of 'fo' sheezy mah neezy' which is a bastardization of 'for sure mah nigga' which is a bastdardization of 'I concur with you whole heartedly my African american brother'
715	PG-13	agnostic An agnostic is a person who believes that the existence of a greater power, such as a god, cannot be proven or disproved; therefore an agnostic wallows in the complexity of the existence of higher beings. ;; Agnostics on religion (Christianity, Islam, Buddhists, etc): Religious zealots are often viewed as ignorant by agnostics' because of their blind following of a supreme being which may or may not exist. Agnostics will often question the existence of a supreme power because a lot of modern religious beliefs have no basis in modern logic; therefore blind following of popular religions is viewed as an easy out for people who chose not to think for themselves. ;; Agnostics on atheism: On the other end of the spectrum, unlike atheists, an agnostic uses a more scientific approach to their belief system. An agnostic knows that just because there is no physical proof of the existence of a higher being, it dose not automatically mean that one does not exist. An agnostic views an atheist on the same plane as a religious zealot; often because the belief that human beings are the pinnacle of intelligence and there are few things that we do not or have the potential to understand. ;; The realization of knowing that 'we cannot know everything' is the backbone of the agnostic belief.
648	PG-13	cellfish An individual who talks on his or her cell phone even when doing so is rude or inconsiderate of other people.
813	G	n00b A inexperienced and/or ignorant or unskilled person. Especially used in computer games.
724	PG-13	what's the damage? Means how much does it cost, how much do I owe you.
250	PG-13	price point n., bullshit speak for 'price', in common use by real estate industry 'professionals' to emphasize a limited vocablary
21	PG-13	weed God's gift to the world. Brings peace when used wisely.
745	PG-13	last chance undies Your last pair of clean underwear, reminding you that this is your last chance to wear any unless you get your laundry done; that pair of ugly old underwear that you reserve for an emergency.
251	PG-13	kanye west A gay fish.
95	R	netflix and chill It means that you are going to go over to your partners house and fuck with Netflix in the background.
104	PG-13	smh Acronym for 'shake my head' or 'shaking my head.' Usually used when someone finds something so stupid, no words can do it justice. Sometimes it's modified to 'smfh' or 'smmfh' by those that prefer profanity in their internet acronyms.
343	PG-13	scientology See [sham], [fraud], [fake], or any word adjacent to those. ;; Basically its a falsetto 'religion' in which eternal happiness is attained by donating all of your money to the leaders. ;; Founded by L. Ron Hubbard as a way to scheme money and make a fast buck off his books. One of the 'holiest' days in this religion is Hubbard's birthday. ;; Because most celebrites such as Tom Cruise and John Travolta are too stupid to realize it, they belong to this group.
252	G	whatever Used in an argument to admit that you are wrong without admitting it so the argument is over.
913	R	ann coulter The granddaughter of Adolf Hitler, Ms. Coulter started at a young 'girl' playing with toy soldiers, whom she decimated because each one was either Muslim, gay, liberal, or simply 'had it coming'. She did several hours of selfless volunteer work in high school, aiding in programs in her youth group at Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka, Kansas, the Christian based organization 'Focus On The Family', and the prestigious Ku Klux Klan. This lovely woman then excelled onto college at Cornell University, majoring in eugenics. The author of several wonderful books such as 'Slander' and 'How To Talk To A Liberal (if you must)' are undoubtedly some of America's favorites. She has also started her own religion, Coulterism, where they believe she is Christ coming back in the image of a woman. They use her classic books as their bible. ;; Actually no. There is only one word to describe this woman (synonyms: see [cunt])
633	R	google The holy mother of all search engines. Is the most efficient, and reliable search engines. Can generate a few million results within a fraction of a second. Can be used for homework, dating, and for looking at high quality divx porn for satisfying your sex-deprived lives.
192	PG-13	lauren a beautiful girl whom makes you go crazy .
671	R	poon A Vagina, 3 kinds: ;; 1. Poonana is a little girls vagina 0-13. ;; 2. Poonani A teenagers vagina 13-20. ;; 3. Poontang a mature womans vagina (quite good) 20-35. ;; 4. Poonono an old vagina often with large muff 35-110.
43	PG-13	justin bieber A 15 year old who looks like and sounds like a 10 year old. (hasn't hit puerberty yet) who has made one song called 'One Time' where he throws a party at ushers house with no alchol or weed. just a clean party. the song sounds like a little kid screaming at you on xbox live.The truth is all the girls care about his looks. (blonde hair brown eyed skater faggot) he is the worst thing to come to music since the [jonas brothers], [hanna montana], and [naked brothers band].
980	PG-13	you got to be fist fucking me When someone does something really stupid.
683	G	facebrag To use Facebook as a platform to brag. Normally about a job, internship, trip, purchase or anything else that nobody really needs to know but you'd like to tell everyone because you're awesome.
860	PG-13	curb shame Embarrassment at waiting on the curb obediently as other pedestrians ignore the 'don't walk' signal in the absence of traffic.
988	PG-13	glasshole A person who constantly talks to their Google Glass, ignoring the outside world.
93	R	ashley a bad ass motherfucker who who won't take no shit off of nobody
459	R	step-fucker somebody who is fucking your mom and is not your real dad. sometimes called 'Step-Douche', 'Step-Ass' and so on.
92	R	faggot In these times not really used if somebody is really a homosexual mostly used insteap of calling somebody stupid or a loser.
934	PG-13	noah One who is extreamly hot with awsome hair and amazingly great with music. (not so good with spelling)
736	G	nap mouth The bad taste in your mouth just after waking up from a nap.
370	G	william The perfect boyfriend; someone who will stay on the phone with you just because, someone who opens doors for you, someone who makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside whenever you're near them. They generally are funny, and tease you a lot. But you never care.
253	PG-13	sapiosexual One who finds intelligence the most sexually attractive feature.
204	G	hannah a girl with class, grace, poise and elegance
315	PG-13	erin Erin is a female who has the body of a goddess and the brain of a genius. Men are drawn to her good looks and her awsome sense of humour. Out of all the females in the world its the Erins who rule.
611	PG-13	famine underwear The garments you wear during a shortage of underwear, when you haven't done laundry in several weeks or months. Usually characterized by lack of elasticity, holes (usually large and awkwardly located), stains, and typically are at least 5 - 10 years old. In some cases soccer shorts, underwear of unknown origin, thongs, bathing suit bottoms, or 'granny panties' can be considered famine underwear, but do not necessarily meet the above criteria.
959	R	chase The coolest fucker ever. Often seen with bitches and a cane.
188	R	queef an expulsion of wind from the vulva during coitus; a vaginal fart.
266	G	rescue chip A rescue chip is the chip you use to fish the bits of the first one that broke apart in the dip.
365	PG-13	ambitchous striving to be more of a bitch than the average bitch
873	G	rawr A word that means 'I Love You' in dinosaur.
637	PG-13	shatner commas Oddly placed commas that don't seem to serve any actual purpose in punctuation, but make it look like you should take odd pauses, as William Shatner does when delivering lines.
221	G	elizabeth The most amazing, beautiful, awesome, spectacular, gorgeous, cute, incredible, breathtakeing, wonderful, pretty, adorable, and most importantly cutifulazing girl ever.
257	PG-13	george bush The president who staged the first preemptive strike in the history of the United States of America using the sole justification that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. ;; Later, when no [wmd]s were found, he fiddled with terror alerts, implied connections between Iraq and 9/11, changed the definition of the word 'liberation' to 'invasion', and generally deceived the American people. ;; George Bush constantly encourages misconceptions about the war on Iraq and John Kerry, possibly because he does not understand these things himself. ;; If you disagree, tell me, why DID we go to war with Iraq? Don't just say why we should have gone, or what makes sense to you (i.e. Saddam Houssein was a dictator, find out exactly what George Bush told us.
115	PG-13	bush The only presendent of the United States of America to be all most assassinated by a pretzil.
467	PG-13	feeling drake Feeling down thinking about your ex or what could of been with a person you felt a connection with. Drake's not even a rapper anymore , Drakes an emotion.
325	NC-17	jizz is an organic fluid known as semen that usually contains spermatozoa. It is secreted by the gonads (sexual glands) and other sexual organs of male or hermaphroditic animals, including slugs, for fertilization of female ova. The process of discharge is called ejaculation.
66	R	douchebag Someone who has surpassed the levels of jerk and asshole, however not yet reached fucker or motherfucker. Not to be confuzed with [douche].
995	G	kitchenheimer's When you're in the kitchen going around in circles because you can't remember what you were doing there.
409	PG-13	cameron Camerons are more than likely going to be one of the sweetest guys you'll ever meet. Very often he will be smart, and extremely good-looking. His smile will send a thousand rose-petals off the ground, just spinning around your heart. Camerons tend to be very trustworthy, but it takes a lot for a Cameron to trust another. He will always know exactly what to say to make you smile; flirty or true. He tends to be a big flirt, but when he finds a girl to settle down with, he will stop. Camerons have a lot of friends, and are very good in sports. He will fall in love very fast, and truly. He wont lie to you. He'll do basically anything he can just to make his one-and-only happy, even if that means going to the extreme. Can often be clingy, but in a cute way. He will always be there for you in any time of need. If you don't have a Cameron as a friend (or more) already, it's time you head off and get one!
321	PG-13	white person People who want to destroy, kill, and be extremely inappropriate. No offence but not very smart and think they're the best.
401	G	50 cent the latest throway hip poper who has been exploted by greed and power rather than talent and originality
990	G	tip of my thumb Just about to hit send on a text message when you think better of it and stop
328	PG-13	heteroflexible I'm straight but shit happens
905	G	prefill When, in cases of extreme thirst, a person using a soft-drink fountain fills the beverage container, chugs it, and then fills it again before sitting down to eat.
11	NC-17	cunt Derogatory term for a woman. Considered by many to be the most offensive word in the English language.
28	R	porn The best thing in the world
598	R	fucker's remorse when after having sex with a person one starts to feel shame, disgust, or regret regarding the sex act and wishes they hadn't commited it
964	PG-13	ugly Result of being hit with an ugly stick.
213	PG-13	halloween An annual excuse for girls to dress like sluts and get away with it.
931	G	platonic jealousy When a close friend of yours hangs out with someone else, and you feel jealous that they aren't hanging out with you.
323	G	jennifer A female name that people of america name their children.
489	R	food whore A person that will do anything for food. ;; Someone that is always around where food is.
757	G	name shame The point at which it's too late to ask for someone's name because you spent so much time around them that you should already know it.
618	G	freestyle To make up a rap as you go. Could be a battle, a poem, or just a rap.
772	G	buffer guest A buffer guest is a close friend that you invite to a party ten or 15 minutes before the rest of the guests are scheduled to arrive. This guest or group of guests is meant to 1) make it seem like the party has already begun and good times are to be had and 2) make it less awkward in case someone you don't know particularly well arrives before everyone else.
556	G	indie (n) an obscure form of rock which you only learn about from someone slightly more hip than yourself.
753	PG-13	h.o.l.l.a.n.d hope ;; our ;; love ;; lasts ;; and ;; never ;; dies
446	PG-13	rosetta stoned One who gets so high that he or she begins to speak in a foreign language.
106	PG-13	birthday The day I came out of a vagina
711	PG-13	otp One True Pairing. Meaning the your favorite combination of characters in a fandom.
248	PG-13	seattle university Seattle University is a small, quaint, Jesuit college located in a shithole ghetto section of Seattle and attended by students who couldn't make the bar for University of Washington but wanted to hang out in Seattle's depressing weather anyway because they mistakenly thought Seattle would be a great place to live.
976	R	bo$$ ass bitch A boss ass bitch is a woman who goes above and beyond simply being a bad bitch. While she is not the baddest she is above several bad bitches an you can't step to her. She keep her money right, game tight, and she'll beat a bitch ass all night. Most ratchets like to call themselves Boss Ass Bitches when it is apparent is is not true.
733	G	procrastination Ill put up a definition later.
119	R	george w. bush Proof that voting in America can be rigged. Instigated the [9/11] attacks with his illogical foreign policies, and made the world hate America even more by starting an illegal oil [war] in [Iraq]. He has also succeeded in turning [America] from a once prosperous nation into a debt-ridden chaos.
166	R	camel toe When her pants are so tight you can read her lips!
965	R	reserection [rez-e-rek-shun] (noun) a morning wood of biblical proportions
246	PG-13	fucktard A contraction of 'fucking retard'.
760	G	nexterday The day after tomorrow
998	PG-13	twitter A stupid site for stupid people with no friends, who think everyone else gives a shit what they're doing at any given time. ;; Also lacks the functionality of other social networking sites, not that it matters because just like Twitter all those sites suck anyway.
609	PG-13	lesbian a woman whose emotional, romantic, and sexual energies are geared towards other women.
823	PG-13	douchebaguette A female douchebag. A woman who exhibits characteristics of a douchebag.
