853	4	No, just dumb.  If I had any brains, I wouldn't be on this crummy train with this crummy girls' band.
837	1	I don't need them, Sonny.  I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things.
281	1	Mention it, don't insist.  Barzini is a man who will know that without being told.
576	1	Oh, that. That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am. Just ol Chief Bromden. That's all...
209	3	Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.
610	1	Whaddaya talkin' about? There's at least twenty guys in there. Let's wake 'em up and get this party on the road.
933	1	Emma in Wonderland. Welcome, Mrs. Peel.  We've been expecting you. We hope you'll enjoy your stay with us. Decontamination is almost complete.
726	1	Come Sunday morning:  My name is Vitelli and my house is up there on the hill, above the village.
48	1	I equivocated. But you're not their big worry at present. It's Dr. Darling:  he's disappeared ...
986	4	Whadda you mean, you can't make any more deliveries? You're going to fuck up everything?
338	3	Save your breath, Ms. Thompson.  Dr. Simms gave me specific instructions. Nobody gets to see Kristen -- especially you.  She made that real clear.
582	2	Have I trespassed on a male prerogative?  We're being followed. I saw him at Trubshaw's ...
156	3	What are you afraid of?  Nobody's asking you to have a baby.  This is just to get out of town. The minute we hit Florida, we'll blow this set-up.
693	1	I think we can stop him this time. Stop him for good.  But we need to know where the bones were hidden.
863	1	Why, thank you, ma'am...  Whew. Man, I tell you, that place up there is somethin' else!  Well, ya boys been practicin' up for the big game?  I figured as much...
791	2	All right. You got it. You win. I'll deliver it now.  Just give me a moment to set it up.
573	3	You think that matters?  You think they give a shit about anything? The little bastards.
242	3	Like I was telling you - Little Bonaparte is getting soft.  He doesn't have it here any more.  Used to be like a rock.  Too bad.  I think it's time for him to retire.
993	2	Hey, Billy, stop cryin'. You don't have to cry... You ain't got nothin' to be ashamed of. She ain't gonna tell you mother... stop crying...
789	2	It's too late.  All the contracts have been signed, they're almost ready to shoot.
981	2	Insurance policy.  Now this is going to sting a bit, but it's for your own growth, brah.  Press play.
499	3	No no, no more advice on how to patch it up Tom.  You just help me win.  Understood?
108	2	Paulie, I swear, I'm afraid. The guy's nuts. What do I have to do? Whatever I gotta do, I'll do.
768	2	I was told that my Grandfather was murdered on its main street; and his murderers came to kill my father there when he was twelve years old.
840	3	Fuck dat.  The time is fuckin' now. Y'know I'm sorry 'bout Sal's Famous Pizzeria, but I gotta live, too. I gotta get paid.
932	1	Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect.
301	2	Don't worry about it. You listening to me? Now, come on. We gotta go see Paulie.
387	3	All the girls drink - but I'm the one that gets caught.  That's the story of my life. I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
491	2	Dream deprivation is nothing to fool around with.  you have no business taking it yourself.
919	1	We've been discussing that.  He wants to go to the Riviera - but I sort of lean toward Niagara Falls.
50	1	According to Mother, Sir August owns half of the Highlands. A millionaire. Former head of Special Projects at the Ministry. Now ...
217	4	You never think to protect yourself with real friends.  You think it's enough to be an American.  All right, the Police protects you, there are Courts of Law, so you don't need a friend like me. But now you come to me and say Don Corleone, you must give me justice. And you don't ask in respect or friendship.  And you don't think to call me Godfather; instead you come to my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder...for money.
888	4	Y'know, I've been listening and reading 'bout Farrakhan, ya didn't know that, did you?
74	1	So you see, the point and the theme of the film is kept intact. And of course, the MPAA didn't cut out any of the graphic violence. What did you think?
126	2	According to Dr. Darling, you're a psychopathic personality with schizophrenic delusions, suffering from recurring amnesia based on traumatic repression, leading to outbursts of anti-social and violent behavior.  Q.E.D.
566	3	NO WAY, DUDE! I'VE LOOKED ALL OVER FOR YOU, AND NOW YOU HAVE TO TELL ME HOW TO GET WENDY TO LIKE ME!!
263	2	Wild, ain't it?!  See, we exist on a higher plane, you and I.  We make our own rules.  Why be a servant of the law Johnny U... when you can be it's master?
718	2	No more stalemate Tom, we got the soldiers, we'll match them gun for gun if that's how they want it. They know me for what I am, Tom-- and they're scared of me.
597	2	You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying.
670	3	Congratulations, Mrs. Peel. You have been a worthy opponent. You have tracked us down. You are within an ace of winning.
310	2	That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years.  Oh, brother!
804	3	Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
878	1	Good. Glad to see they're together at last. They don't get along. Promotion. Top job. Most unfair. Quite a fuss at the Ministry.
849	4	That's right.  And we nailed over a thousand of them.  We did it by crunching data.  Good crime-scene work, good lab work, good data-base analysis.  Nobody had to tackle a car once.  You getting the signal, special agent?
581	3	What fucking good are these things? They don't fit. What do I need this for? I'm not paying for this shit.
865	3	Is it my fault she won't go out without her girlfriend?  For Chrissake.  Come on.  You don't even have to stay.  Jeesuz!  What's the big deal?
448	3	Don't be frightened.  Do you think I'd make my sister a widow?  Do you think I'd make your children fatherless?  After all, I'm Godfather to your son.  No, your punishment is that you're out of the family business.  I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas--and I want you to stay there.  I'll send Connie an allowance, that's all. But don't keep saying you're innocent; it insults my intelligence and makes me angry.  Who approached you, Tattaglia or Barzini?
485	3	Are you fucking nuts? That was forty, fifty thousand.  I need it. I was depending on that money.
419	1	Okay, now left at the next turn... Past the oxygen units.  Make a right there. Then go through the antimatter vent...
148	2	At the close of Friday's meeting, we were discussing Mister Harding's problem, concerning his wife...  Mister Harding stated that his wife made him uneasy because she drew stares from men on the street. Is that correct, Mister Harding?
557	1	Mind If we skip that?  I have to get back pretty quick for this thing in Van Nuys.
324	2	They don't care - just as long as you wear skirts.  It's like waving a red flat in front of a bull.
38	3	Harp, let me tell you something.  I was an agent in this bureau when your mommy was still wiping your shinny pink ass, and you know one thing I learned in all those years that you still haven't?
587	3	This is all cause of your mom, Kyle. She's such a bitch-  AGH!! I mean - she's such a... meanie.
439	1	Only if you're willing to put aside everything you've learned and trust me. Can you do that?
410	4	Who told you to step on my sneakers? Who told you to walk on my side of the block?  Who told you to be in my neighborhood?
53	3	Shit You know they would have never found it. Why did you do it? Why did you do it? My God, why did you have to do it?
600	2	They had a warrant. They went through everything. They would have found it. I swear.
688	2	Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to.
880	2	I know, Terrance.  This is quite the shitstorm we've found ourselves in this time.
717	4	What is it?  You all of a sudden got this bug you had to go surfing? This is a line, right?
244	1	News, last night... those guys, the Ex-Presidents... they robbed my bank yesterday.  And I was just there the day before, cashing a check.  See... look.  Assured Trust... same place.
132	3	If I accept that letter and you told a Court of Law I accepted it, they would interpret it as my having knowledge of his whereabouts. Just wait Kay, he'll contact you.
563	1	I just can't believe it. Any of it!  Look at this room!.. They designed it based on the Tuaran Pleasure ship from "historical document" thirty seven.  Oh and wait, wait, listen to this!  Computer?
220	1	Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for-
96	3	Who told you to buy a brownstone on my block, in my neighborhood on my side of the street?
809	1	He owns the studio.  Just a month ago he bought the movie rights to this book, a best seller.  And the main character is a guy just like me.  I wouldn't even have to act, just be myself.
83	1	Mobile HQ. In a blue funk.  Can't take chances. I'm looking after things while he's hiding out ...
697	1	Then take the justice from the judge, the bitter with the sweet, Bonasera.  But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you...
307	2	My parents don't read the Daily News.  All right, if you think I shouldn't.  I can't believe the things the papers are printing. I'm sure most of it's not true.
957	2	Are you suggesting that Dr. Darling and Valentine were somehow in this together? But that's absurd.
145	1	All right, get him in a different room; lock the door from the inside. I'll have some men there inside of fifteen minutes.  Sit tight, and don't panic.
1000	3	Don't start. I told you to clean up. Look at this place. It's a pigpen. Look around here. Why do you think I bought you the dishwasher? Look. Look at this.  There's enough powder around here to put us all away.
416	2	Okay, but just tell him this is one favor I can't give.  But he should try me again on anything else.
549	2	Shit! This is too much!  Chief, I tell you we're gonna bust outta this place an' make it all the way to Canada before they know what bit 'em.
5	1	Well, that depends - on whether you're coming or going - I mean, normally the aft is on the other side of the stern - and that's the bridge - so you can get from one side of the boat to the other - how about a glass of champagne?
705	3	No.  I'm just a struggling Black man trying to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world.
708	2	Not so much eccentric. More barking mad. He has a wife called June. And a daughter somewhere -- Julie.
144	4	Special Agent Utah, this is not some job flippin' burgers at the drive-in. Yes, the surfboard bothers me.  Yes, your approach to this case bothers me.  And yes, you bother me.  You two have produced squat in the last two weeks, during which time the Ex- Presidents have robbed two more banks!!  Do you have anything even remotely interesting to tell me?
270	2	Ever since then -  numb - no feelings.  Like my heart was shot full of novocaine.
927	3	Well, listen to this. He got mad at me one day. Boy, did he get mad at me. He took the light bulb, ya know. I thought he was going to cram it right up me, ya know. But he ate it. He ate the whole fucking light bulb.  Now, tell me! Is he crazy? Tell me! Is he crazy?
480	2	Mom, I'm a man. Just a man. And I'm going to have fun with profanity just like you and dad did when you were little.
285	2	Do you also know that during your final experiment, your halfbrother- in-law was under surveillance?
890	1	The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills, right?  And surfers are territorial.  They stick mostly to certain breaks.  If we can get some hair samples, and get a match to a certain beach, we'd know which break the Ex-Presidents surf. You buyin' this?
952	2	Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay?  We cover the bank, whatever.  You and me.  That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
295	1	Ahh. Perfect fit. The luxury of a hand-made shoe. As unique as a face or a fingerprint. Or should I say DNA?
951	4	I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you!
14	2	Luca never sleeps over with a broad. He always goes home when he's through.  Mike, keep ringing Luca's number.
706	4	Mkay, you see, children. This is exactly what I'm talking about. We have to change the way you think.
516	1	Jimmy just stood there on the sidewalk. It felt funny. I started walking down the block, but I noticed the stores were empty.
752	2	So now I got all those coffins on my hands - and I hate to see them go to waste.
357	1	My dad is more interested in railroads. Baltimore and Ohio.  Which is the port and which is the starboard?
122	2	Say, boss - I been talking to some of the other delegates - and the word is that Little Bonaparte is real sore about what happened to Toothpick Charlie.  Him and Charlie, they used to be choir boys together.
622	3	Oh I love when you get all biblical Satan.  You know exactly how to turn my crank!
910	2	I didn't say nuthin'.  You must have a guilty conscience.  What are you guilty of?
896	1	I'm not a Commander, there is no National Space Exploration Administration. There is no snip.
984	2	The correct term is babes, sir.  Uh, this type of undercover operation is entirely dependent on picking up the idiom of the speech.  Otherwise penetration is not possible, sir. Of the social infrastructure, I mean.
473	2	No, dude, all you have to do is hit the keys really fast and say a bunch of stupid shit and it works.
478	3	You boys need help.  There are rehab centers that specialize in treating people with chronic addictions to bad language.
864	2	All right, let's all settle down.  If we're going to get through this we're going to have to exercise self control.
956	3	You've read about my father in the papers.  You've seen that no one's here to guard him.  Now I've just gotten word that men are coming to this hospital to kill him.  Believe me and help me.
296	3	That's out.  No!  It's too hot! You think I'm gonna let you get some, put on your clothes, then run outta here and never see you again in who knows when?
730	2	He told me to take the kids to the police station and make the cops put me on welfare.
379	2	Freddy Krueger.  He was a child murderer before he died.  After he died, he became ...something worse.  Six years ago Freddy killed my friends. He almost killed me.  I thought I got rid of him -- but I guess he was too strong.
642	2	Osgood - I can't get married in your mother's dress.  She and I - we' not built the same way.
754	2	I've watched you once or twice.  You surf like it's some kind of street fight.  You jerk along from moment to moment, fighting everything that comes at you.  Always trying to win.
59	2	Oh, please do come.  Don't disappoint us. It'll be such fun.  And bring your yacht.
799	1	My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production.  My importing methods are as safe as these things can be, about five per cent loss.  The risk is nothing, the profits enormous.
372	1	Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for Knew it in a word Saw it in a glance The only thing I think I'd die for...
272	3	And what are you trying to do to poor Sugar?  Putting on that millionaire act - and that phony accent -  Nobody talks like that!  I've seen you pull some low tricks on dames - but this is the trickiest and the lowest and the meanest -
975	2	They burned him to death in his boiler room, but they were smart enough to hide the remains.
170	3	What do you want to live in a Black neighborhood for?  Motherfuck gentrification.
240	4	Sal's Famous Pizzeria, yeah, two large pizzas, pepperoni and anchovies, hold on...  See, Pop, Mookie fucking talking on the phone and people are trying to call in orders.  He's making us lose business.
208	3	We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers.  It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil!
359	1	Your horses are hungry, That's what she did say, Come sit down beside me, An' feed them some hay. My horses ain't hungry, They wontt eat your hay-ay-aeee...
875	3	I tell you, Joe, they're on to us.  They're going to line us up against the wall and -  Eh-eh-eh-eh-eh - and then the police are going to find two dead dames, and they're going to take us to the ladies' morgue, and when they undress us - I tell you, Joe, I'm just going to die of shame.
601	1	Sir August Merryweather? I was looking for something relaxing. Say, a Tuscan hillside in June?
510	2	My fellow Americans. I have led this fight in the War against profanity. I have founded Mothers Against Canada.  Our neighbor to the north has abused us for the last time.
435	1	It's been the subject of an extremely heated debate on the internet for years. Many believe that is a matter collapser, a bomb capable of destroying all matter in the universe in a chain reaction lasting 13 seconds.
586	1	She told us the story of Freddy.  It's a town legend.  He was a child killer who was freed on a technicality.
35	3	You look wonderful, kid; really wonderful.  That doctor did some job on your face.
635	3	Barzini's people chisel my territory and we do nothing about it.  Pretty soon there won't be one place in Brooklyn I can hang my hat.
434	2	Most authentic Mexican food in Springwood, which isn't saying much.  your parents still live around here?
312	1	...a fine boy from Sicily, captured by the American Army, and sent to New Jersey as a prisoner of war...
702	1	They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn?
476	4	I just don't want you to lose the one job you've been able to keep, that's all.  I'm carrying you as it is.
332	2	Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here!  Come on, let's get 'em!
474	1	On the three days Paulie was sick this month, he got calls from a payphone across from the old man's building.  We got people in the phone company.  Thank God it was Paulie...we'll need Clemenza bad.
616	2	I'm sorry. I was having a nightmare.  Something I ate.  I'm not at all well.  See?  Hot water bottle.
8	3	Dago, wop, garlic-breath, guinea, pizza-slinging, spaghetti-bending, Vic Damone, Perry Como, Luciano Pavarotti, Sole Mio, nonsinging motherfucker.
422	3	Whoa, whoa!!  Think it through!  I'm the only one knows where they are. Just let me talk for a second.
267	3	I have.  Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
57	4	Driving you crazy?  Don't get me started.  You're here a month and sometimes I know he doesn't come home at all. What kind of people are these?
385	3	Why are you so cold to her and Carlo?  They live with us on the Mall now, but you never get close to them.
184	2	No. Her husband, she says. Alice tried to warn us. A trap. Tell Mother beware. Tell Father That's all.
392	2	But I'm worried. I'm hearing all kinds of things. Paulie.  You know me all my life.  I've always done the right thing.
872	1	Do you pledge to guide and protect this child if he is left fatherless? Do you promise to shield him against the wickedness of the world?
201	2	Me and those two witnesses whom your lawyers have been looking for all over Chicago.
101	3	Lieutenant Lathe, I confess I am beginning to feel a bit foolish myself. Chasing across the universe to obtain what is, I am now certain, a bauble of fiction. Tell me how best to obliterate this vessel? I would like nothing to remain.
60	2	I've seen that kamikaze look, Johnny.  You've got it.  And Bodhi can smell it a mile away.  He'll take you to the edge... and past it.  Hey, Bodhi.
495	1	Oh, absolutely, but Trubshaw's a man worth meeting. No point setting out half shod.
895	3	You know, me and Stan were just talking about what a fat fucking hunk o' fat fuck you are.
147	1	So.  I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection.  No worries about operations, is that what you tell me?
686	2	Well, you found me. Have a sniff of this, why don't you? Careful, the scent can be overpowering ...
397	3	Oh man, I'm gonna need a cherry pie to get the taste of ass out of my mouth from that piece of shit movie.
894	2	When I was still a kid.  My folks got divorced.  After a while, I thought I'd imagined the whole thing.  I guess I didn't.
317	1	I heard you opera-lovers were having a little rally - so I thought I better be around in case anybody decides to sing.
177	1	To our brave guests.  Few in this universe have the opportunity to meet their heroes.  We are blessed to count ourselves among them.
181	3	No I'm being serious! Those Canadian entertainers are to be killed. It is the seventh sign.
835	2	I'm trying, I can't find a Canadian server... I've got to break into the main frame...
767	3	All of a piece, really. A fanatical weatherman. Chairman of BROLLY.  British Royal Organisation For Lasting Liquid Years. Thinks British weather has been tampered with by ... aliens.
20	4	Bodhi, this is your wake up call, man -- I... am... an... Eff... Bee... Eye... Agent!!
807	2	Real diamonds.  They must be worth their weight in gold.  Are you always this generous?
69	1	If I'd been watching my step, I never would have met him.  Wait till I tell Josephine.
796	1	Well, anchors aweigh, you have a bon voyage.  And if you need an orchestra to play at your wedding, we'll be through here in a couple of weeks.
454	3	Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! You're an asslicking, Ball sucking Unclefucka!! You're an Unclefucka, yes it's true Nobody fucks Uncles quite like you-
232	3	Are you nuts?  Jeannie's husband went to the can just to get away from her, she's such a pain in the ass. Let me tell you. Nobody goes to jail unless they want to, unless they make themselves get caught. They do stuff with the wrong people. They don't have things organized. You know who goes to jail? Nigger stickup men. That's who. And they only get caught because they fall asleep in the getaway car.
617	3	Well that's the only way it's gonna happen, man.  Do it!  Come on, you want to do it.  You're gonna die, Johnny.  Five more seconds.  Four...
54	2	The bastard son of a hundred maniacs. Some say he was murdered, though no body was ever found.
247	3	Now, Miss. What do you want with twenty zombies when you got a twenty gun salute looking you right in the face.
914	3	The truth was, that no matter how bad I felt, I was still very attracted to him. Why should I give him up to someone else? Why should she win?
710	3	He was killed doing something he saw in the movie. It was Terrance and Phillip... THEY killed Kenny.
815	1	Yes.  So did my father and my grandfather - we've all had this passion for shells - that's why we named the oil company after it.
24	3	Terrance and Phillip are two VERY untalented, unfunny actors from Canada. Their TV show is filled with toilet humor and bad language and is just complete garbage.  Now it appears they have a movie and I'm positive it's not suitable for children!
337	2	I can tell you one thing - it's not going to happen to me again.  Ever. I'm tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
571	1	Fred, I worked summer stock with Hopkins. Regional theater with Hoffman. But I swear to God I have never met an actor who could hit his mark, or nail his lines with the professional consistency of a Freddy Kwan. You're Mr. Dependable... You can do this.
812	3	Boobie... This is the only way you're ever going to learn. I have an opportunity here to teach you about consequences.
482	3	What a heel!  I spend four dollars to get my hair marcelled, I buy me a new negligee, I bake him a great big pizza pie...  - and where were you?
114	3	Mister McMurphy, this ward is a democratic community run by the patients and their votes, so you should feel at ease in your new surroundings to the extent you can freely discuss emotional problems in front of the patients and staff. However, the cardinal rule, and I must emphasize this: Everyone keeps their seat during the meeting!
169	3	Fucked up chromosomes, man.  Think about it.  Their parents all dropped acid in the Sixties.
763	2	If he continues having these outbursts, I'll have to have him isolated permanently.
363	1	What we're gonna have to do is pull this ballclub together for our next play. 'Kay!
698	1	He's pushing it through first thing. You better get some sleep tonight, it could be an interesting morning.
731	2	What guarantees can I give you?  I am the hunted one.  I've missed my chance.  You think too highly of me, my friend...I am not so clever...all I want if a truce...
544	2	C'mon, don't be shy.  Mmm, smells good.  This is ya Love Daddy talkin' to ya, starvin' like Marvin. Say something, Mookie.
26	1	... to make sure craft service keeps those little butter cookies, and plenty of them-
290	2	Like hell we will! We got the muscle standing right here. All we need is a couple gaffin' hooks and some rope.
198	1	I think so, but I can't get close enough.  There's a lot of blood. I'll try to find out more.
12	3	Listen to him.  "Watch the suit," he says.  A little pisser I've known all my life.  Hey, Tommy, don't go get too big.
989	4	Did it ever occur to you that if you had been a little more supportive you could have held on to me?
629	2	That's not far enough.  You don't know those guys!  But they know us.  Every hood in Chicago will be looking for us -
234	1	All right.  Whoever she is, I'll admit she seems to know more about Krueger than I do.
735	1	When I was a little girl.  Three or four. If I had a nightmare, I'd bring my Dad in. The dream would always get better.  He always used to tell me about it the next day -- he used to think they were his dreams. NANCY When did it stop?
656	2	I Don't know. I don't know if I could live that way. What if, God forbid, you go to prison. Mickey said Jeannie's husband --
243	1	Just fine, Doc... In fact, I think I might've put on a couple of pounds since I got here.
277	3	YOU'RE HOT STIT WITH A LITTLE MUTE KID -- LET'S SEE YOU TAKE A PIECE OF ME!  KRUEGER!
78	3	Go on, Johnny.  Pull it.  But you gotta drop the gun, first!  Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with?
917	4	Mister McMurphy, there are old men here who couldn't hear the music at all if it were lower. That music is all they have, and I wish you wouldn't lean against the glass there, your hands are staining the window.
699	1	Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented.
445	1	Okay, you can go on in... I'm going to get Kyle. He knows the utility tunnel system better than anybody alive.
595	2	The younger men have no respect. Things are changing; I don't know what will happen.  Michael, because of the wedding, people now know your name.
68	3	The Turk wants to talk!  The nerve of that son of a bitch!  After he craps out last night he wants a meet.
90	2	The one you decked is Bunker Wiess. The big one is his brother, Warchild.  The other two always hang.  They think they're some kinda death squad around here.
394	1	We have something for your mother, for Sonny, we have the tie for Fredo and Tom Hagen gets the Reynolds pen...
155	1	It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer.  One last speedstar.
674	3	Ever work with vets?  These kids act like they've got D.S.S. -- Delayed Stress Syndrome. If I didn't know better, I'd swear they'd seen heavy combat.
418	1	Oh your father just had too many visitors.  It interfered with the hospital service.  The police came and made them all leave just ten minutes ago.  But don't worry.  I look in on him.
300	3	We shouldn't buy a single slice, spend a single penny in that motherfucker till some people of color are put up in there.
727	1	Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up -
200	1	OK, we sit tight until the old man can give us the lead.  But Tom, I want you to stay inside the Mall. You too, Mike, no chances.  Tessio, you hold your people in reserve, but have them nosing around the city.  The hospital is yours; I want it tight, fool-proof, 24 hours a day.
511	2	It was no suicide.  It was not an accident.  It was Freddy, and he's coming back for seconds, thirds, and fourths.
40	3	It sticks out, so I can't lock it. Look, Angelo, you think I joined the FBI to learn to surf?  This was your lame-o idea in the first place.  You gotta back me up on this.
207	1	...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated.
531	3	Look at those Korean motherfuckers across the street.  I betcha they haven't been a year off da motherfucking boat before they opened up their own place.
944	4	Sounds funny to me.  As much as you say nigger this and nigger that, all your favorite people are "niggers."
447	3	What are you, a dance judge?  Go do your job; take a walk around the neighborhood... see everything is okay.
483	2	I don't know - but I can feel it right here.  That's one good thing about ulcers - it's like a burglar alarm going off inside you.
526	2	Cut that shit out.  Maybe before, but not now. I want to help you. I'm on your side.
769	2	Just tonight, please?  I can't handle the nightmare.  Not tonight.  Not after Phillip.
636	1	Oh, it's not your fault.  It's just that every now and then Mother Nature throws somebody a dirty curve.  Something goes wrong inside.
268	2	Then a mad millionaire. Head of a secret defense establishment. A group of eccentrics obsessed by weather ...
371	2	Pino, I think secretly that you wish you were Black.  That's what I think.  Vito, what do you say?
916	3	Those idiot broads!  Here we are all packed to go to Miami, and what happens?  The saxophone runs off with a Bible salesman, and the bass fiddle gets herself pregnant.  I ought to fire you, Bienstock.
679	2	Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help.
838	1	Kay, let's see...  Cheswick first ... then Billy... Martini... Scanlon... Sefelt... Fredrickson... Taber an' the Chief... 'Kay
968	2	They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language.  You can't just walk up to these guys.  You've got to get out there.  Learn some moves.  Get into their head.  Pick up the speech.
560	2	Yeah, well, well, well. 'Bout time the rest of the world got a gander at Big Chief Bromden cuttin' down the boulevard, stopping just long enough for virgins... Oh, man, I tell you, I tell you, you'll have women trippin' you and beating you to the floor...
843	1	You're on, kid...I'll square it with Mom your not seeing her before you left.  And I'll get a message to your girl friend when I think the time is right.
569	2	It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.
294	2	I know I'm not the man he was.  But I'll tell you this and he'll tell you too.  When it comes to real action, I can operate as good as anybody short range.
879	4	You got money for your bullshit television, don't you?  I gotta watch you swimming back and forth on TV all night long, don't I? You got money for that, but you don't have my money?
110	1	A few fans built a little set in their garage.  .  I come in for an hour at most. It's a nothing.
149	3	That's precisely what they need.  Some uninterrupted REM sleep to release all this negative energy.
100	2	Mrs. Peel ... Come quickly. Brolly's been betrayed! I'll tell you everything ... The weather's getting worse and worse ... they're after me ... coming for me ... come quickly!
382	3	I want you and Anthony to go down there and take care of that bastard. Without him, they've got no case.
346	2	I remember feeling bad about the guy. But I remember feeling that maybe Tuddy was right.  I knew Paulie didn't want anybody dying in the building.
135	1	Commander, you and Lt. Madison will have to go through the crushers one at a time in three second intervals. Tell me when the first crusher hits the bottom...
545	1	I went from first to home on a bunt single, scored the winning run, the bottom of the ninth, two out, August 1, 1939, Snow Hill, Alabama.  Maybe I should be heroic more often.
245	1	I want you to use all your powers, all your skill, as you love me.  I do not want his mother to see him as he is.
136	1	Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey.  We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
591	2	Ninty-nine percent of ACTING is commitment. ACTING.  Stella Adler never manned a resonance cannon, she taught ACTING...
159	3	Fuck you.  Anyway, Minister Farrakhan always talks about the so-called "day" when the Black man will rise.  "We will one day rule the earth as we did in our glorious past."  You really believe that shit?
460	4	Miss Ratched. Given all the conditions of that sublime relationship, coupled with the subsequent annihilation of all that I held to be sacred, mentally, physically and emotionally, the only thing that I can speculate on, at this late date, is how I will justify the very existence of my life, with or without my dear wife.
369	3	Do I? DO I?  For all you know I'm just "CREWMAN #6"!  Okay, it's FLEEGMAN! Guy FLEEGMAN! There! Now I'm a whole person! I can't die! FLEEGMAN! THEY CAN'T KILL ME NOW, CAN THEY? CAN THEY?
839	2	Even so, I don't think it is safe here anymore.  I've made plans to move you to a villa near Siracuse. You must go right away.
885	4	Think of it as special assignment, Mrs. Peel. With a twist. You're our chief suspect.
367	3	Yeah, you saw me and you figured that if a mere girl can do it, a big strong stud like you shouldn't have any problem.  Right?!  Well you figured wrong, dork!
406	3	But mom!  I'm not fucking addicted to fucking bad language!  I don't have a fucking problem!
947	1	I wouldn't bullshit you kid! Snacky Smores are now available in stores everywhere! No biggie!
426	1	The lost footage. At the convention. The mysterious device in our last episo--historical document.
928	1	No.  So I was up the beach.  I saw it going down.  you didn't hesitate... they never backed you up an inch. That's rare in this world.
912	1	Chaos. Transport paralysis. Crop failure.  Economic disaster. Frostbite or sunburn ... on a massive scale. You've seen a few samples...
866	3	One day you'll be nice to me.  We might both be dead and buried, but you'll be nice.  At least civil.
942	2	Sorry, can't do it, brah.  He's on the road.  And where they're going there's no phones.  Damn, I hate this Johnny, I really do.  I hate violence.  See, that's why I need Rosie.  I could never make this thing work, myself.  No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man! She was my woman, once.  We shared time in this world.  But Rosie, he's kind of a... mechanism.  Once you set him in motion, he won't stop. That's his gift, a kind of... blankness.  Noon comes, straight up, he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes.  Nothing I can do, unless I get there.
51	4	The Don has semi-retired.  I'm running the Family business now. So anything you have to say, say it to me.
344	3	Wake up, people!  We all have to do things that aren't pretty sometimes! It's the not pretty things that make life worth fighting the not pretty things for! Why do you think children have to be born in hospitals?
187	1	Dr. Lazarus... I hope that I'm not breaching protocol but.. I am so very humbled to stand in your presence... I have studied your missions extensively... Though I am Thermian, I have lived my life by your philosophy, by the code of the Mak'tar.
816	3	Shhh... Remember this is a privilege, so I don't want none of you goons fuckin' up. Kay?
785	2	Hey, relax guy. It's just a cruel joke. Rich, chocolatey Snacky Smores are only available up on Earth. He'll never get 'em, see?
530	1	Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather. That is very close, a very sacred religious relationship.
185	1	I came out here from Ohio a month ago.  Never saw the ocean before.  I didn't think it would effect me so much.  Like I'm drawn to it, or something.  I want to do what you do.  It's the truth.
643	1	The doors and walls are monitored, Mrs. Peel. This is a very secure establishment.
479	4	So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job, and the next saxophone player, and it's the same thing all over again.  See what I mean? - not very bright.
339	2	Okay, now you can move your men into the Mall, replace Tessio's people.  Mike, tomorrow you take a couple of Clemenza's people and go to Luca's apartment and wait for him to show.  That crazy bastard might be going after Sollozzo right now if he's heard the news.
255	1	So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.  Right now she thinks I'm out there on my yacht - deep-sea fishing.
818	1	Well - a group of us are appearing at the hotel. Sweet Sue and Her Society Syncopators.
286	2	You and I. Together. But first you must confront your greatest enemy. Who could that be, Mrs. Peel? The answer is obvious ...
678	1	I wasn't trying to be a hero.  I saw what was about to happen and I reacted, didn't even think.  If I did, I might not have done it in second thought.  Da Mayor is an old man, haven't run that fast in years.
778	2	Right.  They seem to share a group delusion,  a "boogeyman" for lack of a better word.  They're so traumatized, they'll do anything not to sleep.
830	4	Added to which indignity, I got three months left to retirement and they saddle me with some blue-flamer fresh out of Quantico for a partner. Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas or something.
551	2	Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks, right?  But two years ago they got killed in a car wreck and I just suddenly realized all my goals had been their goals.  And I hadn't been living my own life.  So I wanted something for myself.  Something that maybe didn't make any sense.  You know what I mean?
876	1	No. The other one. The one who disappeared up the block from Christie. The one they made a beef on.
825	1	But you have.  You've given me all that inside information - first thing tomorrow I'm going to call my broker and have him buy fifty thousand shares of Venezuelan oil.
983	1	... It has been my greatest honor to serve with you.  LIving by your example these years, my life has had meaning.  I have been blessed.  Sir, I... I...
180	2	You can't do this!! Have you ever HAD Cheesy Poofs? They're a taste sensation with a delightful cheddar crunch.
750	2	They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo.  Set up the meeting for two days from now.  Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour.  So I'll feel safe.  They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me.  Then I'll kill them both.
227	1	Oh, it's perfectly safe.  We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
929	4	You know, with the makeup and everything1 I actually thought he was smart for a second.
1	2	I'm running out of answers. A patient sleepwalks out of a security ward up to a tower with no access.  A girl, alone in a room, dies by jumping six feet straight up into a television set. Nothing makes sense anymore.
634	2	Because usually, when people find out who I am, they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer, and sue me for a quarter of a million dollars.
358	1	When I was a little girl, on cold nights like this, I used to crawl into bed with my sister.  We'd cuddle up under the covers, and pretend we were lost in a dark cave, and were trying to find out way out.
258	2	We could've had three weeks in Florida - all expenses paid.  Lying around in the sun - palm trees - frying fish...
224	4	Just fine, Billy boy, just fine. Full of piss an' vinegar! They checked my plugs and cleaned my points...
494	1	Jade, you don't know this, but I'm organizing a boycott of Sal's Famous Pizzeria.
538	4	There IS no quantum flux and there Is no auxiliary... There's no goddamn ship  Do you get it?
411	2	You had better bring a few bottles home with you, my friend; you'll need help sleeping tonight.
696	3	Very encouraging. Most of the children have been weened from their naughty mouths.
70	1	A herring?  Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars?
973	3	... And by you, Mrs. Peel. Everything points to you.  No sisters?  No undiscovered twin?
907	2	Very well. I have a friend who might be of assistance. He's at the Ministry. We'd better be careful.
7	1	Oh, that's all taken care of.  I'm giving them shore leave.  We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records -
661	4	You get me Cheesy Poofs with the delightful cheddar crunch, and I'll watch my fucking mouth!
667	2	No time to worry about that, Alex. Tommy, let's get this thing slowed down... Gwen, see if you can calculate the impact point. Guy, cet down to deck C and make sure tne injured are secured. Also lets-
56	2	Okay, kid, I have a deal for you! If you want out of hell, all you have to do is collect 10 proofs of purchases from 'Snacky Smores.'  They're rich, chocolatey and really hit the spot. Bring me ten proofs of purchases and we'll grant you ANY WISH YOU WANT.
701	1	It looked so small from the beach - but when you're on it, it's more like a cruiser - or a destroyer.
381	1	Close. We're so hush-hush, even we know nothing about it.  Now let's see, there's coconut cake, date and walnut; I recommend the rum baba ...
351	3	Maybe you shouldn't be working here so much.  You don't want to get stuck waiting tables for the rest of your life.
632	2	You look terrible.  I want you to eat well, to rest.  And spend time with your family.  And then, at the end of the month, this big shot will give you the part you want.
63	1	Yeah!...I'm goin' to the beach for the first day in fifteen years. Gonna take the day off and go to the beach.
216	2	Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all.
535	3	<b>SHUT YOUR FUCKING FACE!! UNCLEFUCKA!!! YOU'RE the one that fucked your Uncle, UNCLEFUCKA!!! You don't eat, or sleep or mow the lawn You just fuck your Uncle all day long!</b>
183	1	No.  I guess I'll see you Christmas. Everyone's going to be out at Long Beach, right?
488	4	Self control?  That's funny coming from the guy that slept with every Moon Princess and Terrakian slave girl on the show!...
654	1	She'll be fine, Rosie won't do anything.  At least not as long as I meet him at a certain place and time, about... let's see...  ... six hours from now.
743	4	Frankly, I don't understand why some grad school superstar is being treated like a seasoned pro.
361	4	You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
877	3	Do you think I'm a fool? That the Commander does not know every bolt, every weld of his ship?
140	1	Exactly. There'd been earlier attempts to pump carbon dioxide into deep sea. Propane gas mostly. In small quantities it captures chlorine. Protects the ozone layer. But it proved impractical. Too bulky ...
709	1	As long as I tell him beforehand he won't object.  He'll be hurt, but he won't object.
452	3	What do you think this is kid?  Lick Barney the Dinosaur's pussy fucking kiddie hour?  Huh?  This is real life with consequences you take to the grave!
76	2	Oh, I don't care, I was just asking cuz all my favorite TV shows have been replaced by news and it's pissing me off.
146	4	Stop trying to play big brother. I'm a grown woman.  You gotta lotta nerve.  Mookie, you can hardly pay your rent and you're gonna tell me what to do.  Come off it.
420	4	Jimmy.  I don't know.  I got so much else on my mind.  I got the kids.  We got no money.
700	1	Spoil the majority shareholders. In Wonderland Weather. I planned everything, even the Ministry recruiting you ...
707	1	All right guys... Uh... Gwen and I are going to have to get to the core and shut it down manually. Fred, you and Guy need to get that air valve back on.  Alex, see if you can get the prison doors open downstairs in case Fred and Guy can't get the oxygen back in time.
125	2	There are men in this world who demand to be killed.  They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender. These people wander through the streets calling out "Kill me, kill me."  Luca Brasi was like that. And since he wasn't scared of death, and in fact, looked for it...I made him my weapon.  Because I was the only person in the world that he truly hoped would not kill him.  I think you have done the same with this man.
16	2	Mmm.  A lawyer, huh?  Too bad.  But at least you're surfing now.  So your life's not over yet, right?
884	3	There are two things I will not put up with during working hours.  One is liquor - and the other one is men.
475	1	Come, come, you're a widow -- a most attractive widow. Now I think of it, we'll need a bridesmaid. Here.
631	3	The problem is you don't allow your children to think for themselves. You try to raise them in a protective bubble, and then when they finally get old enough, they realize they've been lied to, and they resent you for it.
413	2	That's possible. Sir August was convinced he'd met me before. But I'd never met him. Another odd thing. When it rained, he said it was just as someone had promised.
98	4	That's between me an' myself. So why don't you boys just shove off. I got some planning to do.
974	1	Well, then, why don't we go dancing? I know a little road-house, down the coast -
395	3	I'm telling you so when you look back on this moment, you can think... there was this guy named Utah and he was pretty much a dork but maybe not such a bad person and I let him drown in conditions he had no business being in whatsoever... when I could have easily helped him.
498	2	Take me to America!  You need a good lupara in America?  You take me, I'll be the best man you got.  "Oh say, can you seeee...By da star early light..."
128	1	You'll get to meet them all tomorrow. They're...survivors.  In a way.  All severely sleep disordered.  Insomnia, narcolepsy, bedwetting...
143	1	He will get in touch with you through someone you absolutely trust.  That person will arrange a meeting, guarantee your safety...
152	1	My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid, so my father took him in.  He's a good lawyer.
870	1	Elementary, Mrs. Peel. Trubshaw isn't the only shoemaker still practicing his trade ...
210	3	I'm Michael Corleone--this is my father.  What happened to the detectives who were guarding him?
614	2	Gimme those dice. I'll blow this board to pieces. Here we go...  Lebenty leben, count me over eleven, Martini...
308	1	The oldest one.  He was in an argument. A lousy ten-dollar card game. The kid pulls out a gun. It goes off. The kid gets killed. The grandmother hears it and finds out he's been arrested. She has a heart attack.  She drops dead right on the spot. Now Jeannie's got a husband and son in jail and a mother in the funeral parlor.
455	3	See, Pop.  That's just what I was talkin' about.  Every single time you tell Pino to do something, he gives it to me.
62	3	Yeah, right.  Let's trade death by Freddy for life in a rubber room.  Adults won't see it. They can't.
109	4	They're going to talk to my father, which means they're going to ask him for something, which means they better get it right.
528	2	Who are we kidding?  Look at that - look how she moves - it's like jello on springs - they must have some sort of a built-in motor. I tell you it's a whole different sex.
319	2	Yes sir... The use of your waste facilities were strangely absent from the historical records, so we had to extrapolate purely on the basis of your anatomy.
496	1	You will let me know if you find that queen who's in need of protection, won't you?
826	2	I swear I'm innocent.  I swear on the head of my children, I'm innocent.  Mike, don't do this to me, please Mike, don't do this to me!
167	4	So you got pinched in the elevator. So what?  Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
378	2	We're going to die here like baby mice who have had no milk in days.  Dry up into crunchy little pinkies.
423	1	Yeah. What's wrong? JASON ~~othIno. I -ust oncuont ot wou~o oc oomooooateo onan onat.
908	2	And you won't make any progress until you can recognize your dreams for what they are.
196	2	We can't wait.  No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop.  You have to get Sollozzo now.
925	3	The young boy that died lit himself on fire. It was unfortunate, but how can they blame US?
949	3	This is the millennium, Saddam! This is Armageddon! There's more to life than sex!
655	2	Around somewhere.  Listen, I'm in kind of a hurry, Johnny U.  What can I do for you?
871	2	That's better. I say, isn't this where you came in? It's impenetrable, by the way ...
782	4	Don't even ask about your money. Your money wouldn't even pay for that window you smashed.
540	2	Yes - all the money in the world - but what good is it?  Mint sauce or cranberries?
653	1	X' marks the spot. The shoes were delivered to ... an island in Hyde Park. Surrounded by the Serpentine. On the site of a former Ministry installation...
52	3	Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I'm going to run him out of the Movies.  And I'll tell you why.  He ruined one of Woltz Brothers' most valuable proteges.  For five years I had this girl under training; singing lessons!  Acting lessons!  Dancing lessons!  We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars--I was going to make her a star.  I'll be even more frank, just to show you that I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it wasn't all dollars and cents.  That girl was beautiful and young and innocent and she was the greatest piece of ass I've ever ad and I've had them all over the world.  Then Johnny comes along with that olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off.  She threw it all away to make me look ridiculous.  A MAN IN MY POSITION CANNOT AFFORD TO BE MADE TO LOOK RIDICULOUS!
322	3	Mookie, I always liked you.  Not the smartest kid, but you're honest. Don't make me dislike you.
131	1	In there.  Charlie Penny owns the place. We knew no one would ever find it.  I'm not even sure I can find it again.
955	4	Sal, if you want me to deliver any faster, get me a jet rocket or something, cuz I can't run with pizzas, all the cheese ends up on one side and shit.
269	1	Now that you mention it, I sure would like to call my aunt up in Portland and tell 'er where I am so she can come visit me.
734	2	What do you mean, maybe?  I saw the way he looked at you.  He'll be there for sure.
279	1	That was the first time you attempted to commit suicide, wasn't it?  You must try to talk about it, Billy.
613	1	You got it made, kid.  Fielding wants you to have a little cold pheasant with him on his yacht -
477	3	There will be no repeat occurences of last night's events.  From now on, your doors will be locked during sleeping hours.  We'll begin a policy of evening sedation.  For everybody.
197	1	Barzini wants to arrange a meeting. Says we can straighten any of our problems out.
179	1	Yeah, ya should've come along with us, Miss Ratched, an' gotten a little sun on your cheeks and maybe caught a fish or two.
327	2	We have become aware of these concepts only recently. In our dealings with Sarris. Often Sarris will say one thing, and do another. Promise us mercy and deliver destruction... It is a concept we are beginning to learn at some great cost.  But if you are saying that any of you could have traits in common with Sarris.
202	1	Would you like a little more champagne?  And maybe if we had some music -  - how do you dim these lights?
641	1	When I was a kid, I used to have a dream - I was locked up in this pastry shop overnight - with all kinds of goodies around - jelly rolls and mocha eclairs and sponge cake and Boston cream pie and cherry tarts -
402	4	Oh, of course, I forgot! YOU have to be the hero, don't you?... Heaven forbid anyone else get the spotlight once! Oh no, Jason Nesmith couldn't possibly-
961	1	Well, I was turnin' this dilemma over in my head, when I happened to hit on that old tub room out there, an' I said to myself, McMurphy, I said, that place would make a great second day room. A sort of game room for the young fellas. Whadaya think, Doc?
292	3	After our fencing match, I was rather hoping you would do the risking. More tea?
758	2	The doctor at the prison states: 'Don't overlook the possibility that this man may be faking psychosis to escape the drudgery of the work farm...' What do you say to that?
649	1	So do I.  as a matter of fact, I spent three years at the Sheboygan Conservatory of Music.
453	2	Cole and Munoz are going in the back door.  Babbit is backing me.  So I want you at the side window by the hedge.  You're strictly backup, got it?
80	2	Ah, no, ma'am... well, yes, ma'am...  A man get awful lonely at night, if ya know what Ah mean, ma'am...
456	1	We got the Sphere but the Commander's down there with a bunch of cannibals!  Teb, reset the pod, we're going back.
194	3	I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about Rocco Lampone building a secret regime.  Why does Neri report directly to you, rather than through me or a caporegime?
886	2	Come on, Spats - we know you own this joint.  Mozarella is just fronting for you.
659	4	Can I do something for you still? You're not too rich, or too famous that I can't help you?
536	3	Where're you gonna go, bitch? Besides, you know that if you left me, I'd hunt you down and kill you, right? I'm gonna go grab a drink.
64	1	He wears a dirty brown hat.  He's horribly burned.  He has razors on his right hand.
44	2	Get everyone in hell ready. When the blood of Terrance and Phillip spills, the day is ours!
305	3	You're getting yourself into terrible trouble, my son. Weather's turning very nasty -- and so am I.
854	2	It's not the icebergs.  But there are certain men who would try to take advantage of a situation like this.
841	1	But...it's just a house I've dreamed about.  I dream about it all the time.  Thank you for what you did last night.
360	1	Alright.  Let me play this record while I go to work on my chicken Parmigiana hero with extra cheese and extra sauce.
85	2	Mrs. Brovlofski, the V-chip hasn't been fully tested yet, it could be dangerous.
930	1	Come here a minute, Cheswick. You, too, Sefelt. Hey, all you guys, come over here, I wanna show you somethin'.
283	1	What for? I got a pound of stuff in my jacket I've been carrying around all day. We gotta start taping it to your leg.
811	3	Safe? Here? They'll kill me here. They're all afraid I'm gonna rat them out. People are already looking to walk away from me. I'm dead in here. You gotta get me out.
922	4	As a matter of fact, I do. Look at their eyes. They're obviously nocturnal. Come sundown they will go into the forest to hunt. So our plan is simply to wait for nightfall instead of mounting an insane assault in full daylight simply because we did it that way in episode 31.'
153	1	Success!! Our device works perfectly! We will begin mass production immediately!
160	3	When I used to have nightmares.  I brought my friends in to help me.  Until they all started dying.
966	1	No really, it's a fable.  The 'guardian of good' dreams.  It was like my teddy bear when I was growing up.
386	2	I'm Taryn White.  I only came here because it was a better deal than juvie hall.  Also, I guess 'cause I'm going through some very stange shit.
82	1	It's all rather complicated - what we call high finance - but it so happens that the president of the Venezuelan syndicate has a daughter, and -
189	1	As real as you wish. Hot or cold. Humid or dry. Anything you like. Within reason.
677	2	Please, don't hurt them, it's not their fault. I'm not the Commander, I don't know anything.
644	3	Jesus Christ, Johnny -- you've been using me!  Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it?
746	2	I'm tired of being a flag.  I want to be a bull again.  Lets get out of here, Joe. Let's blow.
771	3	Hundreds dead, all so you could play at being the Commander.' You've murdered us all you egomaniacal sonofabitch!
787	1	Pure adrenalin, right?!  The ultimate rush.  Other guys snort for it, jab a vein for it -- all you gotta do is jump.
438	2	What are you giving me with the flying fish? I know why you want to stick around - you're after Sugar.
141	2	But it isn't right, Paulie. That Tommy, he's making trouble for me all over town.  I can't go here.  I can't go there.
335	3	I didn't say that.  I said "wouldn't it be great if we could always, work together." That's what I said.
373	1	enerao, I've host them. The maanetlsm o: the field Is disrupting our onstru- ~ait. There they are
313	4	You're a real blue-flame special, aren't you, Utah?  I don't know why they sent you to LA.  Must be an asshole shortage.
287	1	The Senator called--apologized for not coming personally, but said you'd understand.  Also, some of the Judges...they've all sent gifts. And another call from Virgil Sollozzo.
777	2	The cops have it locked in and I got my people there visiting Pop all the time.  What about the hit list.
212	2	The Winslow Home for Retired Lepidoptorists. I'm so sorry I struck you, Mrs. Peel. Please forgive me. I thought you were someone else ...
738	1	Some day, and that day may never come, I would like to call upon you to do me a service in return.
728	1	My cousin's boyfriend's sister went out with the screenwriter. His favorite movie is the Omegaman.  He's seen it 13 times...
596	2	On a day like this.  Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.  Write that down before you forget it.  The Turk will wait.
408	3	Well find out where that signal is coming from!  Then hunt them down like dogs! Any and all Canadian influence must be stopped at all cost!
254	2	No, my cocktail steward.  Look, if you're interested in whether I'm married or not -
776	1	I DO respect your mind! It turns me on! It makes me wanna fuck the shit out of you! Don't you see?
123	4	At least Jimmy and Mickey want to help. I talk to Mickey every day. That's more than I can say for the rest.
116	4	So what if this is a Black neighborhood, so what if we're a minority.  I've never had no trouble with dese people, don't want none either, so don't start none.  This is America.  Sal's Famous Pizzeria is here for good. You think you know it all?  Well, you don't.  I'm your father, you better remember that.
375	2	Brandon, I remember you from the convention, right?... You had a lot of little technical observations about the ship, and I spoke sharply to you...
572	4	You son of a bitch, you think you can brush me off like that?  I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
900	2	They do indeed.  Daddy threatened to cut me off without a cent, but I don't care. It was such a bore - coming-out parties, cotillions -
451	3	Yes, poor Jason. As we speak he's probably out somewhere talking rubbish to a roomful of hangers-on. While here I sit eating Christmas cheese in Spring.
333	1	I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light sentences.  Be my friend.
845	4	Naturally.  You think my fiance is a bum? Now I guess I'll have to give it back.
589	1	Shell Oil, Junior.  He's got millions - he's got glasses - and he's got a yacht.
271	1	I've called the hospital; they've notified Consiglere Genco's family to come and wait.  He won't last out the night.
91	2	Yes, that may be so, but in making a careful study of your past record, along with your behavior since you arrived here, my feeling is that you are not mentally ill and it is going to be my recommendation that you be returned to Pendleton where they are better equipped to handle your case.
4	4	Well, it looks like I'll have to send a warning letter out to parents. I have to put a stop to this before MORE children see 'Terrance and Phillip'.
441	1	You were very lucky.  Four shots to the heart. I found you after I slipped away from Sir August. Mother brought you here. Not me you should thank.
120	3	The by-product of guilt.  Psychological scars steaming from moral conflicts and overt sexuality.
46	4	That's what I told his mother. And she said I was crazy. Her son ate the whole fucking light bulb and she said I was crazy.
716	1	I know. I know. But it'll be okay. Don't worry. I got some money for you. It's down the block.
946	3	Break it up, God dammit! Ain't I got enough troubles without you guys messin' around... can't depend on nobody.
672	2	No time for pleasantries, Kyle. We have a level five emergency. The Commander needs us to get him to the core and shut it down before it overloads.
675	1	The whole facility was shut down in the Forties, wasn't it?  Some kind of scandal...
650	1	I got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame.
142	1	The Prospero Project was started by my husband. It was an early attempt to solve the problems of global warming. In theory, climate engineering is entirely feasible. We thought of injecting a chemical cocktail into the atmosphere by laser and satellite. A 'quick fix'...
820	1	What's the beef?  We're sitting pretty. We get room and board - we get paid every week - there's the palm trees and the flying fish -
794	3	Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes!
430	1	But you've got to see your parole officer in the afternoon and  I promised we'd take Judy to F.A.O. Schwarz.
902	3	Better than my Lieutenant.  He failed to activate ship's neutron armor as quickly as I'd hoped on our last encounter.
684	2	Alright, let's assume this whole thing is true. Why does Freddy all of a sudden need you?
71	4	Buggin' Out, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you can really direct your energies in a more useful way.
937	4	Mister Radio Raheem, I can't even hear myself think.  You are disturbing me and you are disturbing my customers.
814	3	My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.  So, Consigliere of mine, I think you should tell your Don what everyone knows.
819	3	I'm not going back in there. I told ya this was a one way trip. Now stand aside.
792	4	Well it's war!  We might not be in this shape if we had a real war- time Consiglere, a Sicilian.  Pop had Genco, who do I have?  Hey Tom, hey...hey.  It's Sunday, we're gonna have dinner.  Don't be sore.
958	3	You think I don't know? You think I like to keep this inside? But I gotta, or he'll kill the miserable bastard and he'll be there for life. It's disgusting what you have to put up with.
293	4	And now that we've settled the matter of honorifics, will you kindly explain why you wished me to meet you?
214	3	I thought you were going to stand me up. You looked bored. You didn't say anything. What did you expect. Tommy was all over me. Right?
331	3	This isn't possible.  And even if it is...what the hell am I doing here?  Did you drag me in here too?
889	1	Miss Ratched, would you please save a space for my aunt? She's comin' down from Portland.
603	4	Congratulations, you've penetrated a bastion of male privilege. I guessed you weren't a stickler for Tradition, doctor.
901	2	Forgive me, Godfather, let our years of friendship be my excuse. How can you hope for success there without your strength here to back you up?  The two  go hand in hand. And with you gone from here the Barzini and the Tattaglias will be too strong for us.
836	3	Quit kidding.  You did that vulcanizing job on Toothpick Charlie - and we know it.
88	1	You got it.  It's six dollars a man.  Be on the campus in Urbana at eight o'clock -
652	2	Yes.  Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
429	1	The ship is a model... As big as this!... A very clever deception indeed! He oan't oontaln hIs lauchter.  A belle-----TOMMY Set a course for home, lommander?
203	3	Phillip, this is worse than that trip to Quebec City when I fell asleep in that disco.
842	3	I couldn't wait to get away. I was ordering the dessert when they were eating dinner. When they were having coffee, I was asking for a check.
543	1	Yes, you can. I've got it set up. We'll be fine. All I need is for you to keep bringing the stuff. I've got a guy in here from Pittsburgh who'll move it for me. Believe me, in a month we'll be fine. We won't need anybody.
468	2	You gotta help me. Okay? This girl I told you about? Diana? She's from the Five Towns. She's Jewish. She won't go out with me alone. Can you believe this shit? She's fucking prejudiced, but she's built. She's never been out with an Italian before. She says she'll only go out on a double date with her girlfriend.  You believe this shit? But you gotta see her. I mean, she's beautiful.
436	2	Yeah. But I've got Gorignak staring me in the face. I think I can take it though...
940	2	Because the day after the shooting you sent in a pair of spats - they had blood on them.
278	3	You smooth son of a bitch, let me lay it on the line for you, and your boss.  Johnny Fontane never gets that movie.  I don't care how many Dago, Guinea, wop Greaseball Goombahs come out of the woodwork!
625	1	Now make a right, you'll see a doorway that opens on the central manufacturing facility.  The bowels of the ship.
282	3	I-I-I-I-I d-d-don't s-s-see how anyone could lu-lu-lu-love a man who t-t-t-talks the way he does.
662	1	Laying in supplies, Mrs. Peel weather may get very nasty and I've no umbrella ...
898	2	Forget it, Sugar, will you?  Forget about saxophone players.  You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.
732	2	Eddie, you're too smart for your own britches.  Listen to me.  How much do you want to run to the store for Da Mayor?
844	2	Mostly it gives witnesses an excuse to change their identification when we make them see the light.  Then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell.
33	2	It says 'Dear Terrance, please don't ever tell my son that I licked your hairy balls.'
399	3	We're going to find our boys! For God's sake Sheila, you almost had them killed!!
130	3	It was you who gave Valentine Peel his security clearance ... you're the mole who betrayed the Ministry.
127	3	All right, now nobody panic, I've dealt with this guy before and believe me, he's as stupid as he is ugly.
342	1	I don't mean to be forward - but ain't I had the pleasure of meeting you two broads before?
442	3	Yeah.  That was thirty years ago anyway.  L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean.  So you want to nail the Ex- Presidents?  Be a big hero?
821	2	Sure, she understands what you mean. She's not dumb. Why do you think Rose came to visit us? Rose is very interested in hospitals and hospital facilities. Aren't you, Rose?
765	1	Hello, Mr. Morris? This is Poliakoff, in Chicago. Say, you wouldn't have a couple of girl musicians available? A sax player and a base?
81	3	Hey, guy, relax, put out! You gotta relax, shut your mouth- Baby I'd do anything for ya! Now don't make me smack you in the eye like last time-
788	1	Why, I'll betcha there must be a million albacore and tuna running of the coast right this minute.
954	3	Young man, you will tell Peincipal Victoria THIS INSTANT where you heard all these horrible phrases!
154	1	You just come on with that three fifty and Martini will take care of himself... Your dice, Scanlon.
507	4	I want you to spend some time with me.  I want you to try and make this relationship work.  If not, I'd rather not be bothered.
490	1	He even got Charlie's last toothpick - the one from the garage - and had it gold-plated.
943	2	Jimmy and I could never be made, because we bad Irish blood. It didn't even matter that my mother was Sicilian. To become a member of a crew, you've got to be one hundred percent Italian So that they can trace all your relatives back to the old country.
383	4	We'd better get everybody online.  And Kyle, Stop downloading porn.  Your frame rate is unacceptable.
431	1	Sure you can!  You may even like it... it's a killer rush.  You'll see.  Hey, don't I show you things, Johnny U?
607	4	Our dimwitted friends don't understand the concept of acting. They have no theater, no imagination these scientists.
465	1	Oh, I don't care how rich he is - as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
345	1	She'll rub it on me - and I'll rub it on her - and we'll rub it on each other - bye.
852	3	Yeah, yeah, the hell with that crap! The World Series is goin' on right' now an' that's therapy also!
764	2	Of course, the landlady is going to lock us out - Moe said no more knackwurst on credit - and we can't borrow any more from the girls, because they're on their way to jail -
463	1	Because I'm working the night shift - and I got a bottle of gin stashed away - and as soon as there's a lull -
503	3	Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
162	1	Yes.  He wants me to have supper with him - on his yacht - he's going to pick me up at the pier.
542	3	If you knew those fucking kids. They're nuts. Especially that Tommy. What am I going to do with them?
17	2	Oh Christ.  Simms put Kristen in the Quiet Room for the night.  They sedated her.
550	1	A slight miscalculation -- my face was burned beyond recognition. Fortunately my research into plastics came in handy ...
999	1	Breakfast! Hell, I know just the place where we can chow down an' thaw out before we shoot back on home. 'Kay?
775	3	Fred Krueger's dead.  You always had a little trouble understanding that, Princess.
504	1	Guy... You probably don't remember me do you?   I was on the show in '82.  Episode 31?  Got killed by the lava monster before the first commercial?  "Crewman #6?"
882	2	If it hadn't been for you, they would have kicked me off the train.  I'd be out there in the middle of nowhere, sitting on my ukulele.
458	3	You through, Mr. Wizard?  Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it.  Hell, it's only 7:30.  The night's still young... you can solve this case and start on another one.
945	4	Wait a minute.  Wait a minute.  I just got here.  You sweep.  I betcha Sal asked you first anyhow.
626	2	Nag, nag, nag.  Look, we got a yacht, we got a bracelet, you got Osgood, I've got Sugar - we're really cooking.
309	4	Well, say, buddy, is that the usual pro-cedure for those Group Ther'py shindigs? Bunch of chickens at a peckin' party?
848	2	No, no.  See, all my life I've done things for other people.  In high school I played football because my old man expected me to.  Then my parents always figured I'd go to law school, so I did.  Football scholarship.  Graduated Phi Beta Kappa--
428	1	It's okay, kid. Everything it going to be okay... I'll come back an' getcha in a while... 'Kay...
264	1	Too long!  Too long.  Now for the life of me, I haven't been able to figger this out.  Either dem Koreans are geniuses or we Blacks are dumb.
364	3	Now this is important. Make sure you leave the house when you make the call. You understand? Do you hear me? It's important.  Call from an outside phone. I mean it.
55	1	Destruction of their local weather systems. I can zap a thousand Chernobyls into the air.
157	3	Fuck Jimmy and the money. Didn't I tell you I gotta get out of here first.  I gotta straighten every- thing out with Paulie or I'm dead.
939	3	I mean, the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something...
689	1	You don't get rain like you used to in England. A good shower that's the ticket. Stiffens resolve, puckers the spirit, quells the namby-pamby in a man.
421	4	I don't see you scoring any points, buddy. And you're just the man for the job, right?
524	1	This is us.  Bank Robbery.  And you're in the bank-robbery capital of the world--
755	3	The hell with the schedule, you can get back to the schedule next week when the series is over. What I want is a vote on it right now!
398	4	Am I to take it that there isn't a man among you who has an opinion concerning this matter?  Mister Harding, you've stated on more than one occasion that you suspected your wife of seeing other men.
547	4	You're only home early because we got you a job, right? And I don't need any heat. You understand?
887	3	What else?  And was I ever crazy about him. Two in the morning, he sent me down for knackwurst and potato salad - they were out of potato salad, so I brought coleslaw - so he threw it right in my face.
723	3	I agree! The only way to save our future is to unite and fight!  Something must be done! We must take action fast! My parents have gotten so strict they forgot they were children in the past!
487	2	Only one thing can save the children. The unquiet spirit must be laid to rest.  It is an abomination to God and Man.
261	3	Tattaglia is a pimp.  He could never have outfought Santino.  But I wasn't sure until this day.  No, it was Barzini all along.
620	3	Yeah, but you know what? That whole part about lighting farts is bullshit. You can't do that.
539	3	Shhh, Chief, don't talk. Never talk! Remember, this is just between you an' me. Do ya understand?
514	1	Commander, please settle a dispute that my crew and I are having. In "The Quasar Dilemma", the Sentient had taken control of the ship's guidance systems, however-
533	2	She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy. In fact, she must have been a rather beautiful young lady.
158	2	He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas.  Nobody goes to him with any other business as of now, this minute.  No reflection on Tom; that's the way I want it.  Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a better Consigliere than my father.
559	1	Today I'd like to start by getting us acquainted with our new staff member, Nancy Thompson.  Let's make her feel welcome.
506	1	So our solution is to introduce a bonding substrate! - A two molecule compound sharing a free electron - and bombard the ions with their reflective isotopes!
368	1	Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed?
948	1	Mrs. Parker, was Kristen acting different? Did you notice anything strange before she made the attempt?
574	4	Pop, I don't believe this shit.  We runnin' welfare or somethin'? Every day you give dat bum--
936	4	They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts.
77	2	If they catch me once more, they'll boot me out of the band.  You the replacement for the bass and the sax?
715	1	The chef cooked for you special; the dancers will kick your tongue out and you credit is good!  Draw chips for all these people so they can play on the house.
648	2	I work bank robbery.  Guys I'm after are surfers.  I needed you, at first, but not--
813	2	It was easy money. I did it in the can.  Shit! I learned the junk business in the can, Paulie.
724	1	No.  And he ain't been eating so good, either. He's got an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.
250	1	Now listen carefully. Stan and Kyle, you stand watch here and await my return. If any guards come by, make a sound like a dying giraffe.
21	2	You should see the way he looks at you.  All Sal wants to do is hide the salami.
745	2	Nothing.  They're my patients.  It's my decision.  I want the dreams stopped until we get some answers.
251	1	Yes Commander... All right, you're almost there. Just go through the chompers and over the pit.
95	1	Yes.  I come from a very musical family. My mother is a piano teacher and my father was a conductor.
104	4	Well Mom, I'll tell ya, when two of your friends die the same day, you let me know what it does to your appetite.
343	3	I thought It was the "We're dead" gesture! I was agreeing! Like I know where the hold button is???
252	2	We went out for about five minutes... which is four minutes longer than most of them.  But you can't hold it against him, he's... different.
913	4	What are you - a couple of comedians? Get out of here!  Long distance?  Get me the William Morris Agency in New York.
633	1	Hello, Room 414?  This is the ship-to-shore operator - I have a call for Miss Sugar Cane.
192	1	Speaking of Peter, there's more good news: You won't even have to change your last name. You'll always be Mrs. Peel.
671	3	I bet him he couldn't set himself on fire and now he's all pissed off!!  AGH! I can't say pissed off?!  AGH!!
43	1	I told Jimmy the cops took our cars and froze our bank accounts and he offered to get me some money. Be wants to know what's happening. You gotta meet him.
980	1	On the show I talk to the computer and repeat what it says. So that's what they built.
683	4	So you're gonna coast to retirement, when you could nail these guys and go out with come dignity.
860	1	Now let's see ... Eton, Cambridge ... research into robotics and plastics. Overtaken by Peter's work on the physics of climate change ...
988	1	Yup! Worked right outta Depoe Bay for just about every season since I was able to haul my own weight.
93	4	You need four houses on every lot of the same color, Martini. Now let's go, for Christsakes.
459	1	We had a lead to Wonderland Weather but we got there too late. Someone tipped them off ...
92	1	Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city.  He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal.  I mean, he actually enjoyed it.  Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies.  He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went fast.
934	3	You crazy or something?  The place is crawling with mobsters - gangrene is setting in - and you're making like Diamond Jim Brady!  How are we going to get out of here?  How are we going to eat?
736	3	I'm not studying no Mayor.  Besides, he reminds me of my least favorite peoples.  My tenants and my ex- husband--Goddamn-bless his soul.
370	2	Clemenza.  You take care of Paulie. I don't ever want to see him again. Understood?
253	1	We lost a kid about a month ago to Fairview.  I don't know where he got the razor...but he cut off his own eyelids to stay awake.
204	2	Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm down at the hospital.  I came down late.  There's no one here.  None of Tessio's people--no detectives, no one.  The old man is completely unprotected.
315	1	He's a big flounder. Could weigh two, three hundred. You got to lift him in with a winch.
611	2	I've been all over town. I got a call from the bondman.  He says they're going to rescind your bail if you don't show up and sign in right now. They're going to take away the house.
959	2	The police?  We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo.  Wabash 1098.
188	2	Pop, what else can I say?  I don't wanna be here, they don't want us here.  We should stay in our own neighborhood, stay in Bensonhurst.
266	2	P-p-p-please duh-duh-duh-duh t-t tell, M-M-M-Miss R-R-Ratched, y-y you don't need to!
365	4	I don't care if it's dangerous! Desperate times call for desperate measures, Mr. Mackey. Perhaps I need to remind you of your situation.
873	2	Mike, you sure about Moe selling. He never mentioned it to me and he loves the business.
637	1	Candle wax.  Car wax.  Mustache wax? Could be anything.  Guy's waxing his mustache at the beach.  Gets sand in it.  Wipes it off with a shoe.  Shoe scuffs the counter.
221	3	You start operating, the five families will start their raids again.  We're at a stalemate Sonny, your war is costing us a lot of money.
257	4	You don't know what they're like. You fall for them and you love 'em - you think it's going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they're borrowing money from you and spending it on other dames and betting on the horses -
115	2	Cartman, over zere, is the electrical box. You must sneak over zere and shut it off before I return with Terrance and Phillip or the alarms will sound and I will be shot full of holes. Got it?
467	2	The technology is brand new. Soon it will be more powerful. We anticipate a huge demand. Leave us your number. We'll be in touch.
325	1	Try what other kids did.  Keep each other awake.  We'll meet at Debbie's tonight. At least if we don't sleep he can't get us.
66	1	All right, Gwen, Alex, Fred, follow me.  Guy, set up the perimeter. Tommy, you keep a lookout, make a signal if they come back.
995	2	You are like me, we refuse to be fools, to be puppets dancing on a string pulled by other men.  I hoped the time for guns and killing and massacres was over.  That was my misfortune.  That was your misfortune.  I was hunted on the streets of Corleone when I was twelve years old because of who my father was.  I had no choice.
409	2	Well you have to tell them.  What if something happens? We're actors, not astronauts... We can't do this stuff!
321	2	When I meet with Tattaglia's people; should I insist that all his drug middle-men be clean?
401	3	Uh... I hate to break it to you Jason, but I don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor, and unless you took a Learning Annex course I don't know about, I'm pretty sure you don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor either.
990	4	Wait a minute - lets not be hasty. After all, we don't want to hurt poor Osgood's feelings.
328	3	They say I'm a habitual hassler. Like I fight some. Sheeut. They didn't mind so much when I was a dumb logger and got into a hassle. That's a hardworkin' feller blowing off steam, they say. But if you're a gambler, all you have to do is spit slantwise and you're a goddamned criminal.
905	1	I'm glad you asked... To me the most important qualities of a Galaxy Explorer are loyalty...
11	3	Of course I'm sweating.  I'm burning up.  It's hot, moron, only a hundred degrees in here.
28	1	No,  I am of the firm belief that in reality it is not a matter killer, but a matter REARRANGER, converting all molecules to the exact state they existed thirteen seconds previous to activation thus effecting a thirteen second time jump to the past.
598	1	If nature gives a man a collector's mind, it doesn't matter what he collects. Butterflies. Old China. Penny farthings. A true collector grows more obsessive as the years pass.
964	1	Okay, Quellek, let's get back to the command deck and-Suddenly we hear a PISTOL BLAST and Quellek's chest turns RED. Alexander and Quellek look down at the blood, horrified.
213	3	Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life.
931	1	Of course. Natural weather delivered to your door on demand. Down your phoneline. For limited periods.
323	1	Breathe deeply and relax...starting with your toes, relax everything until there's no tension left in your bodies.  None at all.  Keep following the pendulum...
489	1	Now it gets weird.  She says he comes back in dreams.  If he kills you there, you're dead for real.
757	2	Probably all the other families will line up against us.  But, it's alright.  These things have to happen once every ten years or so...gets rid of the bad blood. You gotta stop 'em at the beginning. Like they shoulda stopped Hitler at Munich, they shoulda never let him get away with that, they were just asking for big trouble...
618	2	Michael, why must you do this.  We have been lucky so far, all these months you've been here we've kept your name a secret.  It is from love for your father that I've asked you never to more than an hour from the Villa.
772	4	Bonasera, we know each other for years, but this is the first time you come to me for help.  I don't remember the last time you invited me to your house for coffee...even though our wives are friends.
556	4	Sal, that might be fine, you own this, but rarely do I see any Italian Americans eating in here. All I've ever seen is Black folks. So since we spend much money here, we do have some say.
753	1	Commander, as I was saying... In "The Quasar Dilemma", you used the auxiliary of deck b for Gamma override. But online blueprints indicate deck b is independent of the guidance matrix, so we were wondering where the error lies?
446	3	Not necessary?!  Mr. President, may I remind you that our country's heart and soul are at stake, and our children's minds are the battlefield! The bastard Canadians want to fight us because we won't tolerate their potty mouths. Well, if it is war they want... THEN WAR THEY SHALL HAVE!!!
106	2	Still doesn't. Better safe than sorry.  She was in a dangerous game, Steed. High stakes. She may prove to be a risk.  If she is, there's only one solution.  Termination.
711	1	Maybe three, four times.  I always asked Freddie if he wanted another bodyguard, but he said no.  Things have been so smooth the last ten years...
248	2	I know what you did inside. You did what you had to do. I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking from now on, outside. I'm talking right here.
976	2	And I have a terrible past.  For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player.
733	3	He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
119	3	Listen, stupid - right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
166	3	What am I doing? I'm in here! I'm in jail. I can't stop people from coming to see me.
965	2	I'm a boy - I'm a boy - I wish I were dead - I'm a boy - I'm a boy -  What am I going to do about my engagement present?
246	3	He's got your father upset. Good thing he doesn't have to go to work in the morning. Is this what he deserves?
760	4	I watched you two on the bus - lovey-dovey - whispering and giggling and borrowing each other's lipstick -
998	4	Listen guy, you're embarassing me in front of my friends!  You know how I get mad when I get embarassed.
609	3	That's because I wanted to fuck you, dumbass! Now hows aboot you get those pants down!
823	3	Shut up, will you?  I wonder how much Sam the Bookie will give up for our overcoats?
