135944	4	AITA For Playing a Role in my Best Friends Relationship Ending? I(Male, this will be important later) have close with my best friend(We will name her Anna) for roughly two years now, and we have been through a lot of hard times together. During this time though, neither her or myself had interest in dating each other due to not being each others types, and we knew we had a great friendship as is. About a year into our friendship, Anna starts dating this guy named James(Not actual name, just filler). During this time, initially meeting James, he seemed like a very nice and swell dude who I got along with well. We had played some video games together and everything seemed for the most part pretty well. Then, one day Anna and myself had gotten in an argument in regards to her grades. At the time, she had not been doing assignments for her classes (She was in high school at the time and wanted to go for a law degree in college) but rather spent time with James. Her grades slipping caused me to be slightly concerned. I confronted Anna in regards to her grades and this argument broke out between us. During this time, Anna had been calling her boyfriend James for support. Eventually we blocked each other on everything except SnapChat in anger. I was relaxing and taking a breather to gather my thoughts and come back into the conversation later. I find her then messaging me on snapchat: Anna:"OP, why in the world would you start talking shit behind my back and saying this stuff to my friends? You seriously are a fucking asshole for doing this! James said that you sent him messages about how horrible of a person I was and how he should be careful about dating me." OP: "I never said any of that lies, I haven't messaged him since I checked up on his incident weeks back. I can send you proof if you want to." So I screenshot the messages between James and I and send it to Anna. The only messages I had sent him were to check up on him because Anna was worried about his safety one day due to him struggling with depression at some points. Anna eventually responds back saying that, "James said that you deleted those messages behind his back." We decided to call in order to understand everything. During that time, I thought and understood that Anna and I were very close. He could have thought that something could happen between Anna and myself, but have made clear before would not happen under any circumstance. In that call, it was Anna, James and myself. Anna at this point was neutral and she confronted as to why James had lied about the things he did. He denied everything and when asked to give proof of the messages I sent that was talking behind Anna's back, he couldn't provide anything but to just trust him. With issues Anna has had in the past, she had not<|response|> NTA - You have a friend and her relationship partner was/is an insecure b***h, if said blantly. I am still friends with my ex-gf and if her bf would try to pull something like that I assume he would be single very quickly. <|endoftext|>
117173	3	AITA For getting mad at my sister over a paper? 14M (about to be 15) To get it i will tell you something about my school On my school if you don’t do a homework you get an extra opportunity to do it (note that the homework would have a value less than 60) if you don’t do it either you get on detention until you do it correctly, this all happens on weekends The teacher cancelled one of my homework it was fine, i got a paper which tells me that i need to do it ( on paper says which homework i needed to do)i left it on the desktop that i always work (it’s family’s desktop but i use it more) on a specific place. Then when i finally got time to do the homework by sister decided to move it to other place. I always get mad at my sister (22yo) for moving my stuff then end up losing it or even bothered to help me. (As usual) i say her questions like “hey have you seen this paper?” “No” she says and asked again if she could help me, she replied with the same answer ; i got mad and make a deal about it (not that much but i still made it) , i wouldn’t make this much deal if my parents didn’t punish/make a deal about getting detention Ending up telling my mother which turning to being calm with it (since it wasn’t my Fault?) and could do the homework saving me from detention (this was after the deal i made , i was able to do it because a guy send it to a group chat)but i felt bad for being mad at my sister for that and making a deal about it. Detention: since i live on Mexico i explain what my school detention is. Normally school is about 7:00am to 2:30 pm but with detention you left until 4:00 pm and what do you do? You make a long paper work which exhaust your hand Tl;dr= made a deal to my sister for a school paper which needed for a homework otherwise i would get detention Sorry about my bad grammar or exclamations my english is not my native language so if anything wrong tell me so i can fix it<|response|> YTA(kinda) you left it on the family computer. It isn't your sister's job to keep track of your stuff. <|endoftext|>
104874	3	WIBTA for complaing to a company about a rude security guard? Basically, I was at a manufacturing facility that offers tours of it's factory. They also have a bar and restaurant in their lobby, and close around 6pm. I had no idea they closed that early (they gave us no indication of the time that they close or that they even were closing), so my boyfriend and I were in the lobby past closing. The security guard said "Hey guys, you're the last people in here and I just locked the doors." His tone was pretty nasty too. I may have been a little extra sensitive since I had some beers, but I just found this really rude. I understand that we were in past closing time and he wanted to go home but I had no way of knowing that. Also I am not sure if I'm overreacting since I get a little sensitive/emotional when I drink. Would I be the asshole for complaining to the company about him? I don't want to get him in trouble, but I felt disrespected and I don't think a company would want their security treating a customer like that.<|response|> Definitely the asshole. They were doing their job, there's no other way around it really - they're just talking to you like a normal person, not necessarily acting as a great serving host or someone, but that's fine and not everyone you encounter will be treating you that way. <|endoftext|>
56313	2	AITA for not assisting my stepfather with mowing my lawn when I’m paying him to do it? So my stepdad’s been trying to kickstart his own lawn care business, and my girlfriend’s family (who I stay with) has been needing somebody to do the lawn for us, as we don’t own any mower. While I know it’s cheaper in the long run to just buy a mower and do it one’s self, I thought it’d be nice of me to help my father out and give him a regular client to service. He insisted on charging me a reduced rate but I ended up giving him extra a lot of times anyway. So a while ago while my stepdad was going the lawn he was running into mechanical issues with his mower which ended up making his job go on longer. I offered to help but my dad declined, and I overheard my girlfriend’s dad talking once about how I should be out there working with him to help him out. ??? I pay him to do a service yet I still have to work on it? That makes no sense.<|response|> You know you’re not the asshole here so why are you asking? You paid for your stepdad to perform a service. That’s it. There is zero reason for you to help him do the job you’re paying him to do. <|endoftext|>
75662	3	AITA for telling the truth about my roommate? Throwaway, just in case. This will be a little long so I'm sorry in advance This al started around a week ago. I live together with 3 roommates and sometimes my girlfriend or their SOs are over, I like them very much. The story begins with my roomies ( K, C and M and M is the our landlord but lives with us) are going out for a drink on a friday nighr. They asked me if I and my GF are coming. I declined but thanked them for keeping us in mind. I told them that i had a long day and was tired so i wanted to take it easy for a night. None the less, I had to work the next morning. I asked them, since I had to wake up early, if they could be a little queit when they come home. They ensured me that we wouldn't have to worry and all will be fine. Around 3am, K and C come home. K opens the door and just starts screaming and after that starts laughing. In my mind I thought: "Oh shit, what the hell is happening? Someone is in trouble" Without thinking I jump out of bed and run downstairs. There I find C and K with some unknown guy. I asked: "what's going on? Why are you screaming?” K started screaming and cursing, about that I am an asshole, and that I have a mental disease. Not even 15 minutes later, K brings mystery guy up to her room and ( And Yes i know, this is not my business) start having the most loud and obnoxious sex I've ever heard. At this point I was fully awake and pissed. I went an hour earlier to work because I don't want to and have to hear that. And I'm not kidding, My GF and C ( C wasn't that drunk) begged me to take them with me. I said it's no problem and we left. While waiting a gasstation, I popped a message in our groupchat. I basically said what wasn't sitting right and that J was upset about being woken up again ( Yes this happens regularly sadly). And I left it by that. After bringing my GF and C home at 10am, I walked back to my car where I met M. He was furious. He told me that K told him how insensitive I was to her and that I insulted her and her guest on numerous occasions. I stared at him in disbelieve, told him what really happened and left A couple of hours later I come home from work only to find K on the couch and next to her is sitting a man. As soon as a set 1 foot in the door, this guy goes ballistic, screaming that I will pay and that i shouldn't mess with his daughter. At first I tried to be respectful but after several times getting caught off and being called names I was done.<|response|> NTA, someone moving out is not end of the world and things might have got more nasty between two of you if she had stay. You have right to live in peace. <|endoftext|>
52680	2	AITA for snapping that my dad has no right to parent me anymore? Background: When I was 11, my dad and mom split. My dad got a new girlfriend and he hasn’t really been around much. I’ll invite him to volleyball games or other school activities and he wouldn’t show and make up some excuse that usually had to do with his girlfriend. He has missed every birthday since I was 11 because something up with his girlfriend. I don’t know if it’s true but he always used his girlfriend as an excuse. So my dad isn’t really part of my life anymore. I am now 17 years old. Recently, my dad decided to come around. Father’s girlfriend is pregnant and that my be why but IDK. He came over while mom was at work and walked in on my BF and I having sex. Mom is ok with us having sex since she knows that she can’t stop it but wants us to tell her when it happens so she can make sure we have enough condoms and stuff to stay safe. He yelled at us to get dressed and come downstairs. He then kicked my boyfriend out and sat me down at the kitchen table to scream at me some more. I couldn’t get a word in edgewise. After being screamed at for about 30 MINUTES, I snapped. I yelled at him that he has not been a part of my life for almost 6 years. Hasn’t even made an effort to give a damn birthday card on my birthday. He doesn’t get to all of a sudden decide to become a parent again whenever he feels like it. I told him to get the hell out and leave me alone. After that, he called my mom and told her what happened. She came home and scolded me for talking that way to my father and that I should apologize. AITA for snapping at my dad that he doesn’t have the right to parent me anymore?<|response|> NTA. Fuck that guy. Period. Why is he even walking in the house? <|endoftext|>
146042	4	AITA for not wanting to spend a lot of time with my extended family. I am the youngest of five, we come from very humble roots, and we have all done quite well financially as adults. Now we are all adults with families of our own. My siblings love to book vacations together like cruises and vegas weekends. I really do not enjoy these trips. My rule for family time has become "one visitor at a time" and "three hours maximum". My siblings and my mother get hurt by my non-participation but I just don't enjoy long or big get-togethers with family. There is too much judgement and too much water under the bridge with us. I am also different than them and I get outvoted on things to do every single. As the youngest of five you can imagine that this brings up negative feelings from childhood. I would rather just hang out with my wife and kids. But the tricky part is, my wife wants to participate in these family gatherings as well. Anyway, AITA?<|response|> NAH There's nothing wrong with your family enjoying trips together or with you not exactly wanting to do that. But since your wife enjoys the family vacations, may I suggest you compromise to have some vaca's with and some without the extended family. <|endoftext|>
183772	2	AITA for almost making my friend fail the school just because he's a cheater ? Hello everyone When I was 16, I used to be the best student in math, physics and chemistry, but my friend was awful in these subjects, this happened in the last but one grade of the high school, I was determined to help him as much as I could, but he didn't even care with my classes and just wanna to me to give him all the test's awnsers, I was too naive and just accepted , nonetheless he was paying me for this, at the end of the year, he passed very easily and bragged about this with a bunch of friends of mine, I didn't even care much with this because I know that he would suffer from the consequences, but one friend said that I should stop helping him this way, he gave me several moral lessons about learning and I promised that I won't give the test's awnsers anymore, not even if he paid me. Then the last year of high school begun, I was very interested but my friend was only procrastinating and not paying attencion to any class, this pissed me off a lot, but I could do nothing since he just thought that he would pay me and get a good grade very easily. The day of the test arrived, he offered me money and I denied, he was furious and desperate because he didn't even know the subject of the test, so we started the test and everything was normal but my friend, who was static, I thought he was nervous, but I was very mistaken. At the next day I heard from a classmate, which sat behind my friend at the test, that he was cheating from his cellphone, I should have suspected since he bragged again about getting the correct awnser, I got very, very, very angry and we got another test at this day and the end of the test's paper, I made a message for the teacher saying that he cheated yesterday and that he could be cheating again today. Some days have passed and the high school coordinator arrived at my class very angry, disappointed about the performance of the class and how one student got his physics and chemistry tests annul by cheating, I got very astonished that my message worked, he thinks to this day that he got caught by the camera, and didn't get angry with me, but he needed excellent grades to pass and got very desperate to study for the finals. This happened quite recently and I don't know if he is able to pass without my help. I want to know if I was a asshole for trying teaching him a lesson by giving him two "0's" at him report card.<|response|> NTA - they cheated, fuck em. <|endoftext|>
193209	2	AITA For not letting someone use my computer? I'll try to keep this short and to the point. I found an old desktop besides a dumpster and brought it home to try and get in running as a very low end gaming pc. With the help of my male roommate we determined that I needed a new power supply and a graphics card and I'd be good. He even had an old (2014) graphic card that he'd just give me so really I just need a new power supply. Payday comes and bills are handled leaving me too broke to get a decent power supply so he offers to go get me one. The problem is he uses his girlfriend's (our female roommate) money so technically she paid for it. We get it up and running and I'm playing my games on wonderful settings it's smooth no lags like my 6 year old laptop and i can't be happier. But now that she can see me playing she wants to play and bothers me daily about keeping the computer on so she can play my games. This isn't my first time with a desktop and I know that if i leave it on all the time something will fry along with I don't want her playing my games and messing with my save files. I'm afraid she'll just pull the "I paid for it let me use it/ take it" card which she could do and the way i was raised she's right Basically am I the asshole for not wanting to share?<|response|> YTA, and as others have said, there really isn't much harm in leaving a PC on, unless you're working with a really shitty power source. <|endoftext|>
145319	1	WIBTA if I tried to get my brother’s car impounded? My younger brother has a substance abuse problem. I once ran into him downtown and he was so out of it that he barely knew who I was. A car ran over him in the middle of the day because he was so drunk/high that he walked out in front of a car. He can’t hold down a job and he does not even a bank account. He is incredibly impulsive. No one in my family will acknowledge the problem and continue to enable his behavior. (Bailing him out of jail, giving him money etc). I have tried multiple time to encourage him to get treatment, but he will not acknowledge his addictions. Recently he received a cash settlement from the car accident. He ended up using the money to buy an old car. In the past he has tried to pressure me to let him drive my car when it was obvious he was incapable of driving. This makes me worried about his safety and the safety of people in his community. I am contemplating calling the police in his city and letting them know he is driving without insurance with the hope they will pull him over and get him off the road. Would this make me an asshole?<|response|> Nta he could kill someone if he doesn't kill himself first. <|endoftext|>
150089	3	AITA for telling my brother's what I honestly think of his lifestyle My brother and I live together. In the past 2 or so years, my brother, who is a single gay guy, started going out to clubs every weekend and picking up strangers. They usually go to the other guy's place, they rarely come here, but sometimes they do. I noticed he was sleeping over at other people's places when he started showing up home all knackered on Sunday mornings. I recently asked him about it and he said why not have fun while you're young. I said I'm almost the same age as him and I couldn't even imagine living like that. He said that if I want him to stop bringing people over, that he would, but I said that's not the issue. It happens rarely and besides, my girlfriend also comes over a lot, so that doesn't have to change. But I said that generally, I don't understand how he can do this without feeling empty. To sleep with people he knows nothing about and that he feels nothing for and they feel nothing for him. He got up and said not to mention this to him again. I said I was sorry, but he said I'm not sorry, I'm an asshole. He hasn't spoken to me since. I'm genuinely surprised and I don't understand why he cares what I think but doesn't care about what he's doing. I think that maybe he doesn't actually feel so great about 'having fun while he's young' and that maybe I struck a cord.<|response|> INFO Is him being gay relevant? Would you have had this talk if he were sleeping around with women instead? <|endoftext|>
132413	3	AITA for getting a free McFlurry? Me (M18) and my friend (F18) were going to McDonalds Drive Thru. The thing is, I wasn’t planning on ordering anything, but my friend asked if I could drive her because she wanted to get a light snack. We go into drive thru, and I order for her. PLEASE NOTE, she’s a very picky eater, and she can’t handle getting her order wrong or eating foods that aren’t the correct flavour or type. I order for her, I strongly remember saying “m&m McFlurry” through the speaker, not Oreo (she hates Oreo). When we pull to the window, my other friend is working, and he gladly asks if I wanted a free extra one. I said sure why not, and I asked for an Oreo one. So me and my friend expected an Oreo and an m&m. (Key info, my friend who is working at the McDonald’s drive thru has a bad history with my friend in the car) Unfortunately, the ice cream machine stopped working after the first McFlurry was created, but my friend had made MY Oreo McFlurry first, not my friend’s m&m. I start to feel really bad, and I asked my friend if she wanted anything else and we drove off. I told her how upsetting that was, and how unfortunate the machine broke and my friend decided to make my free order first before hers. She starts yelling at me; saying I shouldn’t have ordered, and that I should’ve defended her properly. She then leaves the car at the parking lot because she needed air. I already feel bad because of how shitty events occurred, and she starts to say “of course your friend decided to make yours first, not mine, I fucking wasted my money on an order I didn’t even want” She tells me to drive her home and I do. AITA tl;dr I ordered a free McFlurry that was made before my friends paid order, and the machine broke before hers was made. Oof.<|response|> NTA they should’ve given her her money back. But nobody needs to yell over a McFlurry. <|endoftext|>
173836	4	AITA for telling my sibling to close the bathroom door? For some background information, I share a room with my sibling with a bathroom connected to it. So my sibling walked out of the bathroom after what I assume was a fat shit (it smelled like one) and asked her kindly if she wouldn’t mind closing the bathroom door after (as previously mentioned we share a room and I’m not tryna relax by smelling shit in it). By sibling responds by smelling the air and claims it doesn’t even smell and walk away, I asked her kindly another time in which she responded “fine” and close the door about 3/4. I wasn’t trying to be petty it’s just that since she didn’t close the door fully I asked if she could turn on the thing in the bathroom that filters the air at least, which she straight up refuses to do. I have been getting a lot of fights with my sibling lately so I decide to take it up with my parents instead thinking they would approve of me talking to them rather than me fighting with her. My parent responds saying that by going to them about this I was trying to embarrass her (I felt like it wasn’t my intent but I can see her it could come off like that). I try to explain myself but I ended up getting shut down. I really feel like I’m in the right here but seeing how my sibling really disagree with me I’m just trying to get an outsiders perspective of what I am doing is wrong so I can know for next time. I thought I would also include this detail as I am trying to be as least biased as possible that my parent and sibling have remarked recently that I have been a bit sensitive. So this brings me to my question, AITA?<|response|> I’d say NAH but also couldn’t you have just gotten up and shut the door yourself and avoided a whole big thing over nothing? Some people can get embarrassed even just by a simple request like that. But it wasn’t your intent either, just a misunderstanding. <|endoftext|>
19508	5	AITA for cutting off my teenage son? My son is currently 5'6 and 230 pounds, at the age of 17. Not a healthy weight at all! We have tried everything to help him lose weight and live a healthier lifestyle. I cook as many healthy dishes as I can, we measure and weigh all of his portions at home, and we've even dished out hundreds on personal trainers for him to try and help him get more active, but our efforts have not helped him at all. All that being said, we give all of our children a $25 a week allowance for helping out around the house. While it may not be much, it usually covers anything they may want to do with friends, and of course they are free to save up if they choose. Recently however, it just dawned on us just how much of that money is going to my son's fast food habit: every single cent. We found a bunch of receipts he left lying around after cleaning out his backpack that showed us he eats out almost every single day! After confirming with him that this was all true, my husband and I decided to cut him off. He wouldn't have to help out if he didn't want to around the house anymore, but we aren't giving him an allowance anymore. We told him that at his age, if he wants to ruin his body then he can do it on his own dime by finding a job. That said, obviously until he does so we aren't actually going to cut him off. If his friends are going out, we'll give him a few bucks, we just don't want him to have the means of eating out as often as he does. Anyways, this has been a cause of a whole bunch of arguing in the house. He's saying he's too busy with school, and that it's unfair that he gets nirbinfi while his siblings still get an allowance, so if you have any opinions on this, please let me know!<|response|> YTA. But you’re not an asshole, you’re a parent who cares. You’re just in the wrong. Alienating your son from your other children and yourselves isn’t going to help his food problems. If he’s getting all the food he needs at home (and it sounds like he definitely is) there is probably a problem here that has nothing to do with satiating hunger - satiating another desire. (Loneliness, boredom, etc.) a kid that’s willing to spend his only access to cash on extraneous food sounds like a big red flag to me. What are his hobbies? Are they all free? How is he spending his time other than going out to eat? It might sound strange, but I would see a therapist to address these food cravings. your child is both reaching the age where his actions have long term consequences for him and his body, and still young enough to not have any idea of those ramifications. But he needs to want to make these changes for himself, you can’t force him to have a good relationship with food. Unfortunately, if this isn’t addressed, he’ll soon be off to college (hopefully!!) where most students have an abundant access to food of all sorts. He needs to learn how to make good decisions for him and his body, not just be forced to make them by his parents. <|endoftext|>
80968	3	AITA for asking my boyfriend not to have his kids over this weekend because they have strep? I've been pretty sick for the last 3 weeks with an upper respiratory infection that is just now starting to go away. Today BF's ex calls to inform him the kids went to the doctor that day and they both have strep, they will be missing school and that they need to remain on their antibiotics while they are here. After he told me this I asked if they can please not come over this weekend. Strep is highly contagious and you need to be on the antibiotics for 3 days before you stop being contagious. It's Thursday here, and they would be coming over tomorrow so that would only be 24 hours on antibiotics for them. I've missed a lot of school and work because I've already been sick. If I get strep I know I will miss even more. I got strep a few years ago and I was wrecked for about a week. With the semester winding down I cannot miss any more school. He says I'm making him choose between me and his kids. I kind of see his point, but I'm not asking him to never see them again, just skip this weekend. I even said we can have them for 2 weekend in a row so we can make up the time with them. I want to also say, I really like his kids and they like me too. This is nothing against them, just the illness. They have high fever and feel lousy, so I figure they probably want to stay home in their own beds anyway. I'm just a gf, not his wife, so I never tell him how to parent. But this is my house too, that I pay equally for, so I feel like I should have a say in this issue. Edit: He has cancelled weekends with them before because he has been sick. And I didn't ask him to cancel any of the weekends when I've had the URI. Edit 2: The kids are 11&12. Also, I've been with my bf for over 2 years now so the kids have been over here plenty of times when sick. Just not with strep. I'm terrified of strep because it knocked me on my ass for a full week and then I still felt like crap for days after. My doc told me you don't stop being contagious until 72 hours of antibiotics. I told my bf to ask the kids what they want to do. Both want to stay at mom's, but they don't want to hurt bf's feelings. Ok update- Mom messaged me asking me to talk to BF about letting them stay home. She said she called him to tell them they are sick and won't come over but he insisted they come anyway. How do I post a screenshot here?<|response|> NAH If my son is sick enough to stay home from school the day of the swap - he doesn't go to dad's that weekend. The only reason we do it is the same you're saying - to limit the number of people getting exposed. <|endoftext|>
31121	2	AITA for wanting to play The Witcher 3 rather than go to my older sister's wedding? I'll keep this brief: My sister got married last weekend and I didn't show up. Her fiance (and my now brother in law) is a huge douchebag and always says gaming is for losers and I am wasting my life. As a protest to my sister's anti-gaming fiance I decided to stay at home on the day of the wedding and replay The Witcher 3 on my Playstation 4. I didn't think much of it at the time. But on Tuesday my parents came into my basement and told me how 'rude' and 'selfish' and 'childish' I was to make her special day about me. I don't think I did anything wrong as I have a right to choose wether or not to attend the wedding. Frankly, I think they are being the assholes for trying to force me to go to a stupid party I don't even want to attend. So, Redditors of Reddit: Am I the Asshole?<|response|> YTA. This was one of the biggest days in life for your sister, and you chose a game above supporting her and sharing her happiness. Those you are close to, should matter more than a game. Get your priorities straight. <|endoftext|>
10672	2	AITA if I intentionally talk to fuckboys to get them attached? A little more context, my friends have noted to me that I have a history of talking to guys who are known as “fuckboys” (who are basically guys who talk to girls only for the sake of sex and stop once they get what they want). After a little bit of soul searching, I’ve realized that I have unconsciously but intentionally befriend fuckboys and basically use my physical and emotional appeal to get then hooked and eventually attached. It probably has something to do with something weird in me that loves the feeling of being in power, especially over someone who is used to being in control all the time.<|response|> Yes. It's bad to lead people on. How do you know they're "fuckboys?" <|endoftext|>
86583	4	AITA for not wanting to play a sport indoors after agreeing to play? Yes I know, dumb title, but that’s honestly what happened. My mother asked me if I wanted to play indoor field hockey, and not wanting to be rude (I know the coaches and it seemed like they needed me on the team, but they really didn’t because they have another goalie), I said sure. But I knew that none of the usual people I play with were gonna be on the team, so when I got there I was basically alone the whole time. I usually play a sport for fun, but I wasn’t really having fun playing it. Field Hockey is fun but I dont want to play it more than I have to after the season ends. Its a fun thing to do in small amounts. Also, indoor is just kinda not my favorite version of field hockey, so that factors in to. Anyways, my dad woke me up one morning 10mins before practice. He kept telling me to get ready for practice. I decided, being half asleep as well, that I might as well tell him that I didnt really want to play. I had tried to tell them after the 1st practice (this was the 3rd practice, I missed the 2nd cuz Thanksgiving) but they kept insisting I play cuz it’ll make the coaches like me in highschool. But when I told him that morning, he got pissed and said,”I’m gonna call your coach now and tell her you’re dropping out”. And now I feel like an asshole for saying I’d play but then dropping out at the 3rd practice. But I know if I had talked to her about it she probably could’ve understood me, but I just feel bad about dropping out like that. Thoughts?<|response|> YTA - you say you did “not want to be rude” but then you committed and chances are there was a fee to pay. You should have seen it through, or been honest that you did not want to play in the first place. <|endoftext|>
2392	2	AITA for asking my bf not to use my favorite blanket? Every blanket my bf uses ends up smelling like ass. I have a couple of favorite blankets (out of MANY blankets that we have) that I ask him specifically not to use. I don’t like to have to wash them super often because they aren’t as soft after a few washes. AITA for wanting blankets that don’t smell?<|response|> No you’re not the asshole. Do you actually sleep with a guy that makes everything he touches smell like ass? <|endoftext|>
65737	3	AITA for refusing to let my mother drive my car? My friends are pretty biased towards me, so I came here to get a more impartial decision. (TLDR at bottom). Background: My mother (51f) recently got into a car accident, and the resulting crash completely totaled her car (a Thunderbird) to the point where she has to scrap it. She had the right of way, yet a car turned into her lane from a side street despite having a red light and a clearly visible “No Turn On Red” sign (this was all detailed in the police report and is based off of security camera footage from a nearby business, as well as eyewitness testimony). The accident was very traumatizing for my mother, and she has been having frequent nightmares about it since (it has been a few weeks since the accident). While she was not the one at fault, I have been very uneasy about her driving. She has since driven her boyfriend’s truck with no issue, but he was with her in the car while she was driving, and it was a very short distance. She recently asked me (26 m) to borrow my car (a Jeep), seeing as she does not have one at the moment. For clarification, I do fully own the Jeep, and have let her borrow it a few times prior to the accident. However, every time she uses it, there always seems to be a mechanical issue that I have to fix or have repaired. While I do work for Uber Eats, and require a vehicle to do so, I do not use the Jeep that often since I am able to drive my grandmother’s Subaru, which is more reliable. If I want to go out with my friends (which is not too often due to conflicting work schedules), I could always get a ride from my friend who lives nearby, or use an Uber. So not having access to the Jeep is not a huge issue. Rather, my main issue is with her driving my car unsupervised. I am worried that she may have a flashback while driving since she has had reactions to other things in the past for other traumatizing events. I am also worried that she may damage the car again. She is currently unemployed, so she would not be able to pay me to do repairs on the car should she damage the car. Both my grandmother and I have offered to drive her around to do errands during times when we are not working, and her boyfriend has offered to drive her to and from my house (she does not live with us). In addition, her insurance has offered her a rental car free of charge to drive, so I am unsure why she wanted my car in particular. She was upset when I told her this, but dropped the issue. However, I can tell that she is still somewhat mad at me, and has expressed how she will be missing activities she enjoys. I feel terrible about this<|response|> NTA - your car, you decide who gets to drive it. I'm interested in the insurance issue though - does your insurance cover additional drivers? Would there be an additional premium involved for you to add her to yours? Does she still have insurance that would allow her to drive a 3rd party's car? Insurance could well be your get-out. <|endoftext|>
35805	4	AITA For being mad at my girlfriend for doing my washing? My girlfriend asked if she could do my washing this evening while trying to help clean my flat. I said it was okay and for her not to do it. Unfortunately she went ahead and put all the washing from one basket into the machine. However, she has mixed whites, colours and delicates, used the wrong setting on the washing machine and used a temperature that’s too high for some of the clothes. I’m now worried that some will be ruined and will have shrunk. I questioned why she done it, and was pretty mad since I asked her not to when she asked me. She’s angry that I wasn’t grateful for her doing this, but I clearly asked her not to? AITA for not being grateful that she tried?<|response|> NTA - You made it clear that you did not want her to wash your clothes and she ignored your request anyway. I get that she's trying to be helpful but the fact that you insisted on her not washing your clothes and she still did it anyway makes her the asshole and proves that she did not have respect for your wishes in that situation. <|endoftext|>
158963	4	AITA for hating a family friend’s son who has ADHD?!!! Here’s some context. So ever since I was born my mom and dad haven’t been together. They hadn’t even married. Within a few months my mom got married my step dad and a whole multitude of things she did that hurt my dad. She is a horrible person but that’s a story for another time. My dad has been single for a long time and recently he got a gf. I”ll call her Q. Q is the nicest person ever and she treats me so well and makes my dad so happy. Think about a theoretical perfect relation ship and that’s them basically! I’ve been so supportive of them and she always makes sure that I come first which is just amazing since very few people would do that for people who have kids from previous relationships. So there’s not a single problem I have with Q except one thing. She has two friends that she considers family and that’s okay. They have a son tho and I can’t stand him! He has ADHD and is 2 years younger then me and to give you an idea I’m already a teenager. Let’s call him X. He’s so annoying and almost can’t stop talking and I try to be patient but I can’t. I’m very expressive or at least you can see my emotion off of my face. Every time I’m around him I just can’t hide it. My dad and Q know that I don’t like him but, they still force me sometimes to hang out with him. They expect me to be smiling but as much as I try, you can still tell that I don’t like him. They always tell me to be patient since he gets bullied at school and etc. I really try to be nice but I can’t hide my dislike for him. He’s loud, obnoxious, and doesn’t know when to stop. I almost screamed at him a few times since he kept harassing the dog. Then at his birthday party he started throwing a fit since he couldn’t hear his game but, he wouldn’t listen when we told him we couldn’t hear the TV only a few hours earlier. You should get the point by now. Everytime after his visit I get yelled at because of how I “treat” him even though I did nothing wrong. They act like I’m an asshole so AITA even though they always try to force us to be buddy buddy even though they know I severely hate him? Ps I’m being forced to see him today at a family dinner and I honestly don’t want to go. I’ll check on this later tonight after the dinner and explain how it goes. Ugh wish me luck reddit...<|response|> NTA i have Adhd and various people on reddit as well as real life find me annoying. Its understandable too, just dont act on it and be the bigger person <|endoftext|>
86154	4	AITA for getting upset with my mom for not picking me up from school? This is my first post on here; never made a reddit before but I'm always reading it I'm a freshman in college in upstate NY (my house is about 4 hours away) and when I was home for Thanksgiving break, my mother agreed that she would pick me up Friday after my last final (around 2:30pm). She said she would take the day off of work and come grab me and we'd get some dinner together to celebrate me being done with finals, etc. Today she calls me at work and tells me she won't be able to pick me up (1 week from now, keep in mind bus fares have nearly doubled at this point) because my father has just told her that morning that he has a party in the city to go to. She wants to go too, and has now decided that that is too much for her to do in one day, so she'd rather go to the party instead. I suggested that she still come get me and I will drive us home and drop her home in the city around 7 or so so she can make it to the party on time, but she refused. After leaving me hanging for nearly 6 hours, she calls me back just a bit ago and tells me that she's willing to pick me up the next day, as long as there's no way it's snowing (she absolutely refuses to drive in the snow whatsoever). I bitterly tell her that the forecast is calling for snow and she then tells me that I need to get myself a bus and find my own way home then. I only have a carry-on sized bag and I need to somehow bring all my stuff home for 40 days. She got mad at me for being upset with her for springing this on me last minute, especially since she only learned of the party this morning. She doesn't understand my frustration with having to buy an expensive suitcase on Amazon, a bus ticket and then a method of transportation from the bus to my home (since the bus will get me to my destination when they will already be out). The only bus I could afford that is at a good time/good destination has a one bag, 50 lb limit, which I am somehow supposed to stick everything I need for the next month in. She tells me that it's not her fault for only finding out about it today and that she does a lot for me (which I do get, really. My mom is my favorite person on Earth). Am I the asshole for being upset with her?<|response|> YTA. >I'm a freshman in college Ok, old enough to figure out your own transportation. >having to buy an expensive suitcase on Amazon No you don't. Go to Goodwill- they have tons of backpacks or travel bags for CHEAP. >The only bus I could afford that is at a good time So if you're tight on money, take an earlier bus! You are making this entire situation tougher for yourself because of you're being picky/ top end. Scale it down and do it yourself. <|endoftext|>
132736	5	AITA so my husband and I both work, but he thinks I should cook, clean and walk the dogs everyday because I mainly work from home. So to give some context, my husband main shift is 3- 12 hour shifts on the weekends. His job is physical (but mind you there have been days he comes home and says he say around and watches Netflix). He works in a warehouse. He also does do overtime during the week sometimes. I work 5 days a week, occasionally 6 days a week. I can be out in the community up to 4 days a week sometimes working with clients, depending on the week, but I am also based at home when I do not work with them. Today, as soon as I closed my laptop, he asked me what was for dinner. I go to the store daily to get our food (this was originally for keto reasons but is also because I like my vegetables fresh). He said well you can do that after you take the dogs for a walk. I asked why he could walk them while I went to the store. He said he wanted to relax as he just got home from working overtime. I said well I just got done working to, just because his job is more physical doesn’t make it less (I bring money into the house too). He says it is more or so a way for me to be active because I worked from home today. He often gets on me for not being more proactive about losing weight. I was frustrated, because I know I work from home, so I try to contribute as much as possible. I cook almost daily, clean everyday, do laundry, and do deep cleaning every weekend. On the days he off I wake up and take our son to school so he can sleep in. I feel like a bit of an ass this week, because he is working OT literally from this past weekend to this weekend. So 7 days in a row, but that’s what you do when you want money, which is what I told him. But it doesn’t take away from the fact sometimes there should still be give and take in a relationship right? So am I being the asshole really? There is maybe more context which I can give if needed...<|response|> NTA I have the same situation. I work from home 90% of the time, and I frequently get the same asks from my wife. You aren't the asshole, you're working full time, it's not trivial just because you do it from home. spend some time to talk and show him what exactly you do day in/day out. If he persists that your work is easier so you can do all these house chores, it may be wise to get into some kind of counselling to discuss this with a third party, otherwise it will get worse. <|endoftext|>
2558	3	AITA for refusing to work on days I asked off for initially I have another job that I work on the weekends, which my current employer knows of. They’ve asked me to work weekends consistently and it’s been driving me nuts, I clearly filled out my availability form as not being able to work the days when I am at my other job and they keep poking and prodding. I understand that the store is understaffed and I don’t want to be a dick, but seriously, I notified management about this when I started. I simply cannot work weekends.<|response|> No, I'd say not the asshole. When you started the job, you gave them your availability. You made it clear that you work your other job on the weekends. They're asking you to do something you've already clearly communicated you can't do. So, no, definitely not the asshole. They need to hire another person. <|endoftext|>
99083	2	AITA for telling my teacher to not interrupt me? For some context, in school, we have a kind of obligatory after school class and sometimes we discuss any kind of situation, in my country using marihuana for medicinal purposes recently got legal so I started to give my opinion, but when I was talking, my teacher, that is very explosive, interrupts me and started giving her opinion, I haven't finished mine so I said in a not rude tone that I haven't finished to talk and she shouldn't interrupt me. After that day every time I say hello or any kind of greeting to my teacher, she just puts into a very defensive and sarcastic mood and tells me that I am very disrespectful, sometimes also my friends tell me that I was rude and I should just let her talk so I don't know. Tell me please AITA?<|response|> NTA. Being a teacher doesn’t give someone a free pass to ignore social norms. Interrupting someone who is speaking is rude. <|endoftext|>
103684	4	AITA for not forgiving my depressed friend? So, this is kind of a long one fellas. Apologies in advance. This is all a couple years old, but it’s been weighing on my mind for a long time and I need to know if I what I’ve done is wrong. So, to start: I (female) used to be best friends with boy (who we’ll call J) and girl (who we’ll call E). We were all teens at this point, and we were at that stage in life where we think that the friendships we make then last forever. I remember I was really happy and I felt so lucky to have them as my friends. But it wasn’t all perfect, because E suffered from depression and anxiety, since before we’d even met. Like, the really bad, suicidal kind. J and I felt so bad for her, and I like to think we did all we could for her. We genuinely loved her so much and it really hurt me to see her suffer. She didn’t like seeing her therapist (I’m still not sure why) and wasn’t on any antidepressants, so she kinda relied on us pretty heavily for emotional support. Of course, that was fine by us! We wanted to help her. But then everything changed when E and J became a couple. I won’t lie; I felt pretty sad when that happened, because although of course I was happy for them, it was hard for me not to feel left out, since up until then it had always been the three of us; however, I had other friends, so I was okay. I distanced myself from the pair of them for about a year - not completely cutting them out of my life or anything, but not being as close as we used to be. I don’t think that was a dick move or anything on my part, I was just trying to give them space, but if it was, please tell me! About a year after they got together J started talking to me more than he used to, and we started becoming close again. He eventually confided in me that E had become, for lack of a better word, slightly unhinged. For starters, he told me that she’d said he wasn’t allowed to talk to me anymore, because I was a girl and she didn’t trust him (we have never been remotely romantically involved, by the way) And her depression appeared to have become even more extreme. She would tell him she wanted to kill herself if he tried to spend an evening apart from him, on several occasions. If he ever tried to fight back she would just scream at him. Several times, in public, she would scream and berate him for being a shitty boyfriend, reducing him to tears. He told me he felt humiliated and pathetic. I told him he should break up with her, and asshole or not, I still firmly stand by that. Anyway, fast forward a couple months, J breaks up with E and<|response|> You're not the asshole, but the way you recalled this makes it seem like you wanted to be involved in the drama of it more than you should have. You had no decision to make in this scenario, you offered J your perspective based on J's recollection of his and E's relationship. J acted on his own, you're an outward force that had no say in the matter. I'm confused on why you think you had the idea of forgiving her, I don't think you're owed an apology for the way E treated J because that doesn't have anything to do with you (as far as I can tell). If anything she should apologize for not trusting you and lashing out after the breakup, if at all. <|endoftext|>
68489	3	AITA for telling my cousin not to bring his ex-wife around me? This is a situation concerning my cousin Jack, his ex-wife Morgan, and myself. We are all the same age (28), grew up together and graduated high school together. Jack and Morgan dated all through high school and college then eventually got married, then got divorced after about a year of marriage. So they were together for 9 years total and got divorced last year. I have never liked Morgan but always made an effort to be friendly with her since she was my cousin’s girlfriend and later his wife. They got divorced because she cheated on him with a coworker, at which point Jack proclaimed that he was done with Morgan forever and she could go to hell. So when she came to me independently to try to tell me that they were trying to keep the divorce civil and not have mutual friends take sides, I basically told her to drop dead because I’m Jack’s cousin, not her friend. Jack was more than fine with this when he heard about it. Life went on and Morgan’s name barely came up for a year. Now all of a sudden Jack tells me they’re talking about getting back together and asking if he can invite her to game night (which my husband and I host). Jack and Morgan were always one of those couples that took “breaks” or decided to break up but keep “talking”, so I asked him if they’re ACTUALLY getting back together or just trying it out. Jack said that nothing was official yet. So I reminded him that I completely wrote Morgan off after the divorce and that I didn’t like her in the first place and told him that unless they get remarried and I have to see her at holidays, I don’t want to hang out with her and she’s certainly not welcome at my house. Jack says I’m being an asshole and there’s no reason I can’t be nice to Morgan the same as I would be to any girl he was dating. My husband, for his part, doesn’t particularly care if Morgan comes around or not but sided with me about banning her. tl;dr: My cousin wants me to be nice to his ex-wife in case they get back together, but I don't like her or approve of her.<|response|> NTA Morgan sounds like she is terrible for Jack. She is not just anybody that Jack is datiing, she is a known asshole. <|endoftext|>
171678	4	AITA for trying to spice things up on our anniversary? Our 2-year anniversary was last Friday and I thought it'd be fun to get something to spice up things in the bedroom. Both the gf and I agree things have been kind of dull lately and have talked about getting some toys. So I went to a shop that sold that kind of stuff and picked up a few goodies, but something that also caught my eye was one of those kinky French maid outfits. I thought this would be fun and different, so I bought it. Anyway, come our anniversary night. I tell her I have a whole special night planned and she's excited. We go out for dinner, drinks, come home, I light some candles, bust out some wine, then we decided to exchange gifts. She gives me some chocolates and other baked goods (for both of us to share). I broke out what I got her, and then say she can put the maid outfit on now if she wants and we can move things to the bedroom for the grand finale. Instead, she's just sullen and goes off the bedroom, and to my shock she starts crying. She said her feelings were hurt by the gifts, especially the outfit - even though we had discussed spicing things up before. I told her if she didn't like it or want to put it on she didn't have to. That's fine. But she could have shown appreciation for the thought I put into the whole night not act like I'm an asshole for one thing she didn't like. And again, it's fine if she didn't like that part. It dampened the whole night and we ended up just going to bed sullenly. So reddit, was I the asshole here? EDIT: To clarify the maid/toys weren't the only gifts I got, it was planning the whole night. And there were toys in there that were just for women, so it's not only things I'd get pleasure out of.<|response|> Jesus. Okay. I'm gonna try and be nice here. Your anniversary is not the time to present your SO with the opportunity to better please you in bed. Your anniversary is the time to tell her how much she makes your life better, and how happy she already makes you. You do not use your anniversary as the venue to "fix issues" in your relationship. Especially when they're comparatively small problems like a too-routine sex life. Soft YTA, because you're clearly just inept and didn't mean to be a dick. Apologize, plan a date that is focused purely on her enjoyment, and save the roleplaying for another time. <|endoftext|>
52713	3	AITA for lying about the meaning of my pride bracelet when I go to church? I'm going to be honest, I've always been good at making myself seem like my model student/good Christian/ perfect child. It's the easiest way to get through life until I'm living on my own. I'm a good liar. I do it a lot. I'm bisexual, and I'm an atheist. However my parents rule is that I will be going to church as long as I live with them. I'm 16, have a job, and go along with whatever they want me to do as it keeps arguments to a minimum. Recently I brought a rainbow bracelet to signify pride/support the movement. My parents don't seem to notice anything I wear or do, so I feel fine. However, last Sunday I went to church, and my small groups leader (an obnoxiously friendly and touchy woman) inquired about my bracelet. I just laughed it off- I felt awkward and didn't want to talk about it. Later, when the service started, the pastor made a strange amount of eye contact with me as he went on the usual invitation, "If any of you are struggling with any sins- any sin AT ALL, the youth leaders are here to talk to you, and will help you overcome this sin." I don't want to overcome anything. I don't want to overcome my girlfriend, or any of my LGBT friends, all of which are viewed as sinful by the church. Previously gay kids have been outed to their parents, the community, etc. At one point the pastor asked 'what is the most disgusting thing in God's eye?' and the adult pastor's son yelled out 'GAY PEOPLE'. The youth pastor's scrambling to correct the statement didn't make me feel any better about the church's stance. After the service, I didn't come forward, and my small group leader approached me again, essentially telling me that she knows I struggle with same sex attraction and that the bracelet is a way of showing it. I didn't want to deal with the hassle, the arguments, the bullying- so I got manipulative. Really really manipulative. I started crying (something I can do easily on cue), asking her why she would accuse me of such a thing. I even started babbling like I couldn't articulate, and she took me to the next room to calm down, apologizing profusely. I then explained that the rainbow was God's promise to never flood the earth again, and I wear it as a reminder of his gracious promise. It was some churchy-Sunday school-John 3:16 bullshit I came up with on the spot, but she immediately backed down and apologized. The rest of the night I made a point of wiping my eyes, sniffling, generally send a message that I was not feeling well at all. Several of my peers cane up to me after that saying they were sorry that she said that to me, and that they knew I would never hide something as 'disgusting' as that from the rest of them.<|response|> NTA. Do what you need to do to feel safe in your community as long as it doesn’t actively bring harm on anyone else (and it seems like it doesn’t here). <|endoftext|>
89431	2	AITA for tipping an artist too much? Hello! Obvious throwaway account here, but I have something that I'm somewhat upset and bewildered by, and I need to get it off my chest. Some backstory: I'm a working-class person, I basically live paycheck-to-paycheck with minimal savings. I set aside what I can for "fun money", to save up for something I want to buy. And lately I've discovered the joy of commissioning independent artists for unique art pieces! It's great and I'd highly recommend it! That being said, about a month ago I commissioned an artist for a piece (a small painting of a wrestler I like), and after being quoted the price, I told them that I thought they were drastically under-charging for their art, especially given the quality of the work. I may have been out of line, but as a lower-income person, I don't want to see talented people undervalue the work they perform. The artist responded that they were comfortable with the prices they set, and told me that it was none of my business. Fair enough, I guess. When it came time to pay the invoice, I tipped 100%. A day later I got refunded, and received a handful of angry messages saying that I shouldn't try to 'dictate' their prices because I think they should... charge more for their work? I'm sorry, and I know this is silly, but AITA for trying to pay an artist what I think they should be paid, instead of the ridiculously low cost they charge for their art? I feel like I'm in the right, but I can't shake the feeling that I've fucked up somewhere<|response|> NTA. Seriously, you were trying to be nice and the guy got annoyed? Find a more grateful artist next time. <|endoftext|>
5054	4	AITA for breaking up with my GF after her friend died? Me [m16] and my gf [f16] dated for about 7 months. I had knew it would end soon but honestly did not know how to do it. One day I got a call from her crying saying her friend. It was big news around us too. I tried to be supportive of her but about a week after we got into a big fight. I had pictures of girls in bikinis and stuff on my phone and she got upset over this, I tried to defend this as not being cheating but she insisted it was. I understood why that had hurt her, and she told me she wanted to ‘take a break’. I was okay with us taking a break because like I said I was just trying to get the gumption to break it off. So, a few days into us not really talking, she’s at a service for her friend (that I was going to go to) she calls me crying and is asking for support and stuff. I try to talk her through this, but she starts asking me if I still love her and if I want to be with her and says don’t give up on us and stuff. I really really don’t know what to do about this, but ultimately I think I said I love her and will be there for her but I “want some space right now” in terms of our relationship. Needless to say we never really talked again except for her texting and asking why I broke up with her and me answering like a week later and explaining I lost feelings. A few weeks later, She goes on twitter and says something along the lines of “imagine leaving someone at the worst time in their life” So... am I the asshole?<|response|> I mean, you're not the asshole for leaving her because you're not expected to stay with someone no matter what they're going through. But you are the asshole for stringing her along, staying with her when all you wanted was to leave and then downloading exposing photos of other women onto your phone. You should have just broken up with her when you first realised that was what you wanted. <|endoftext|>
44146	1	AITA-For being sexist in BitLife? (Please read before automatically voting “YTA”.) A few days ago I was with my friends, and we were talking about bad things we do that we don’t feel guilty for because it was in a game. I mentioned that I did some things in BitLife that I would never do in real life. One of them asked what I did, and I explained. After that, one of the girls said I was being sexist, and it didn’t matter that it was just a game. This started an argument between her and another friend. The other friend’s argument was “She’s doing what’s strategic. She’s not being sexist because she actually thinks that boys are superior to girls in real life.” In BitLife there’s a generation feature that lets people play as one of their character’s kid. It’s advantageous to play as your kid as young as possible, at least for me. Mainly so that they don’t screw up their life while being controlled by the ai. However, in order to achieve this, you have to “surrender” at a somewhat young age. The solution to this is to keep on having babies, and to have the youngest inherit everything (via your will). But in the game, it’s extremely hard for women to have children after 45 or younger. It’s possible, but not likely. My solution to this was to always play male, since there isn’t an age limit for men. However, this means that the youngest male inherits, which is well...obviously sexist. Another thing is that my BitLife character tends to: 1. At around 40, look for a girl in her 20s. 2. After a few years, marry her. 3. When said girl is in her 40s, divorce. Because of the pre-nup she signed, I don’t have to pay anything in the game. 4. Repeat the cycle, except start at a different age. Why I might be an ass: I’m being sexist and having my character be a douche. It doesn’t matter that it’s just a game. Why I might not be an ass: I’m doing what’s best strategically. If it weren’t for the fact that women can’t have kids after around 45, I wouldn’t be acting this way. Well fellow Redditors, what’s the verdict?<|response|> NTA. This is petty and I kind of hate you posted about this. <|endoftext|>
4655	4	AITA for thinking transgender people are mentally unstable? im honestly curious if im being "transphobic" for thinking that the idea of gender fluidity is just a by-product of a mental disorder and isn't being questioned because nobody wants to be labeled as transphobic. &#x200B; please help<|response|> This is really a much better fit for something like /r/changemyview. I will leave this one up because there is discussion, but do not get the impression we endorse these kinds of posts. Generally they would be removed and redirected to a more appropriate sub. <|endoftext|>
37481	3	AITA for not giving back my work uniform. So I was a dumbass and took a job at a high end restaurant in the downtown. They made me order a tuxedo that I would wear as a waiter through their purveyor. The tuxedo wasn't great quality or designer but still cost me several hundred dollars. Well the work wasn't bad and I made a ton of money in tips from the bloody rich customers, but the management was abusive and micro-managed their employees to such a extreme that I was written up for saying "your welcome" to a customer instead of the recommended "no problem at all" or "my apologies for not bringing it sooner" you get the deal. Well after 6 months, I put in my 2 weeks notice and not surprisingly they just fired me on the spot and then demanded the tux back. At the beginning of hiring you are supposed to sign a separate form that basically said "I agree to give the tux that I paid for and now own back to the owners so they can re sell it to the next employee". Well I didn't sign it and slided it in with the rest of my paperwork and they never noticed it. They said you signed a legal contract so you have to give it back or we call the police. I told him check my form, I never signed it and walked out. Well he's called me 20 times since then and I finally blocked his number. AITA for hoodwinking them and decieving them?<|response|> I do not understand this. If it is a work uniform, you should not have to pay for it. If you paid for the tux, you should be considered the owner of it, and not have to give it back. Aren’t tuxes like specially fitted for each person, waist, chest, inseam and all that? You are not the asshole. NTA <|endoftext|>
34098	3	WIBTA if I gave women a higher starting salary than men? Being in HR for almost 15 years, I see women accepting job offers at lower salaries than men, asking for less or not negotiating at all. One example: recently gave offers for two new hires, a man and woman. The positions are for same titles and same city. The company gives me a range and maximum of how much the company can offer to candidates. We are told to give the offer starting slightly higher than average range. The industry average for this position is 55K so we offer 56 starting and cannot go over 70. For both hires, we were willing to go to 70. There is expectation candidates will negotiate. For both hires, I started at 56. They had similar experience and the interview committee had positive feedback for both. The man came back asking for 68, we went back and forth and agreed at 65. The woman agreed at 56 and did not ask for more. Both hires salary history were similar. His old job was 45k and her had 42k. Maybe she was satisfied with the 16k jump. Both hires made a big salary jump even though the woman could have asked for much more. It is not my place to give the hires more even though I know they could have asked for a lot more. I sometimes feel bad seeing the signed contracts knowing how much more money women could have asked for. WIBTA if I start the offer at a slightly higher salary range for women to even the gap?<|response|> YTA - 1) its illegal - and fake. If you've been in HR 15 years you know this is illegal. We don't need fake posts here. 2) me and my wife are in the same industry, and can apply for the same jobs. If we did so she would use her maiden name....if we both got offered a contract at different starting salaries...since I have more knowledge and more experience than her...im pretty sure your company would make us both rich in court. 3) this isn't even a sex thing. Its not a male vs female thing. Its a negotiate vs take-first-offer thing. Having a vagina doesn't make you take the first offer. Having a penis doesn't make you ask for more. either sex can do either. Its not a gender problem, and youre trying to solve it with a gender solution 4) this is fake. You aren't risking your job for some illegal bullshit, not if you have 15 years in HR. <|endoftext|>
112838	3	AITA for being upset that boyfriend is gifting $20 state tax credit to his brother Ok. Maybe super boring thing to bring up. Boyfriend and I have been living together for over 5 years. Over a year ago we moved into his family home with his sister and uncle after his mother died. He has been baring the brunt of all the household decisions (fixing old ass plumbing, etc). He is also addressing challenges that come with living with adult family members, one of which is retired and bringing in a small pension and the other that has had a job for a total of three months in the past 10 years and stays in the bedroom drinking most days. Prior to moving in, the boyfriend and I spent almost every weekend for 6 months cleaning out the family home of over 50 years of accumulated junk. Edit-this was being done to prepare the house for sale where everyone in the will would have received equal proceeds. They later changed their minds about selling after putting on the market. The other family member, Brother A, doesn't live in the family home, but has been bringing over a monthly amount to cover his part of property taxes and the home equity loan that their mother took out a while before she died. The brother doesn't live here, but wants to pay in so that the property (that's worth a ton of money, btw) won't get sold. The brother lives rent free with his girlfriend, but makes half as much as my partner and I do individually. Side note-the brother did not participate, although invited, in any of the 6 month weekend house cleaning events. Enter the point- Yesterday, my boyfriend was doing his taxes. He was getting to the state part where the tax software offers one free state tax processing. For the past 5 tax seasons he has gifted it to me, which was nice. It would be totally understandable if he used it for himself. But he said that he was going to have his brother use it because he makes half as much as we do. So I was mad because he deviated from a pattern unexpectedly and said it in a weird way. The brother has always made half as much and has always not paid rent as long as I've known him so what's changed? If the argument is financial then why isn't he considering the fact that I pay over 25% of my income on student loans. In fact, the only reason I can do this is because I live for low rent in the family home. So, it's crazy for me to even allow myself to jeopardize this situation, but I am looking forward to having a situation with more standing when the student loans are paid off. Ultimately, I'm not my boyfriend's child and he is under no obligation to want to have a partner he has to take care of. The brother goes away on weekends often with his girlfriend and drops money on<|response|> YTA. You are not entitled to this. Your boyfriend has enough stressful things going on in his life, and this seems like an excessive reaction. It's just $20, and I don't believe he means it as a slight to you at all. It's a hand out to his brother. I'd let it go. <|endoftext|>
173507	3	AITA for Photoshopping my GFs picture? I'm a photographer and I take photos of influencers. Usually this includes editing them heavily, like getting rid of blemishes/spots, making them slightly thinner ect. There are definitely moral issues that I completely understand, but unfortunately it's industry standard. My girlfriend knows what I do, including the editing parts. She recently asked me for a portrait. After we finish shooting, I say "Do you want these *really* professional?" which she says yes. I'm certain that this implied editing the photo. I spend a few hours doing touch-ups. Removing blemishes, neatening hair, all the standard stuff. I'd like to make it clear: I didn't do anything crazy, just subtle things. She see it and she likes it, but wonders what it looks like before I did the editing. I show her, and that's when she gets pissed with me. I don't think she was expecting how much of a difference small changes can make. I did try tell her that she is very attractive, and this the "magazine" version of herself. I phrase it by saying it's not that she's ugly and I've made her pretty - it's that she's already beautiful, and I'm emphasising what I find beautiful about her, to an unrealistic level (in the way professionals do). She's still somewhat upset. So AITA here? I feel that she knew what I was doing, and agreed for me to do the touch ups. I can understand why she'd be upset, but it's annoying to do hours of work for someone to be treated like I had malicious intent all along... EDIT: Just addressing the critiques on the vagueness of "professional". I get it would seem vague without context, so please let me add some more. I met her through work. She's not ignorant to the inner workings of photography. She knew what I meant by professional, and was interested to see exactly what edits I had made, before asking to see the before. The problem seems to be that I didn't ask what changes she'd like to be done, and not emphasising that I like her just the way she is - silly me!<|response|> NAH I am not so sure that she understood all the implications you meant by “very professional” as she doesn’t do your job. You weren’t in the wrong, but let her be upset. Your job is (and no judgment - truly) creating fake images of women more beautiful than anyone is in reality - I don’t think you get to be mad when this has a predictable effect on the women in your life. <|endoftext|>
51138	3	AITA for flipping off a teenager Last weekend I was at a hot spring pool at a family resort type place. There were lots of people in the pool, relaxing, adults and kids. It’s a hot soaking pool, not a play pool. There was one kid, I’m guessing about 15 years old, who comes in with goggles and starts swimming around under water. I notice he is swimming around this group of ladies, probably thinking he is pretty hilarious looking at them underwater. Next he comes over to me- (I’m a woman) and blatantly dunks under and stares at my body from about four feet away, so I flipped him the bird underwater and he swam away. A part of me thinks I shouldn’t flip off a minor. AITA?<|response|> If he's old enough to creep on women in a public space, he's old enough to get flipped off. NTA. <|endoftext|>
78033	2	AITA for guessing the wrong Halloween costume? I was at work yesterday on Halloween and in the holiday spirit, had worn a Halloween shirt that was appropriate for work and was chatting it up with other people about their plans. After getting in the elevator with a few other people, it stopped on another floor and the woman who is my lead client stepped in wearing green medical scrubs with her name tag clipped to the V-neck collar. I was not expecting to see her just then and had my mind on other things, but I said Hi and Happy Halloween and "are you making the Nurse rounds to check on project health?" She got really upset and said her costume was a Medical Doctor, and I said "of course, my mistake! I should have known, clearly you're a doctor". Another woman on the elevator made it even more uncomfortable by saying "man, you really walked into that one. I can't believe you, that is such a gender stereotype!", with a look of disgust on her face. Later in the day I heard the woman who is my client saying to a group that about five people that day had asked if she was a nurse and it made her really mad. I felt terrible since I know she was probably excited about dressing up that day. I know women and men who are doctors and women and men who are nurses. I have a lot of respect for all of them. I thought hard about this about my own bias. I really think it was a knee jerk conclusion because all of the doctors I have met with usually wear white coats (women and men) and all the nurses, lab techs, or PAs (men and women) wear scrubs. I realize I made a mistake by not assuming the best, or most complimentary option, but does that make me the asshole? TLDR: A woman was wearing scrubs as a costume and I guessed Nurse instead of Doctor<|response|> NTA. Doctors do mostly wear lab coats, they only ‘scrub’ in to surgeries (literally and figuratively lol). It was natural to assume nurse because they always wear scrubs. <|endoftext|>
76133	3	AITA for freaking out over my girlfriend's gay romance novels? **EDIT: I think I may have misrepresented my problems with her and her ex. Early in our relationship they used to travel to furry cons together and stay in hotel rooms together which I wasn't comfortable with. She made a big fuss about stopping and then lied about staying in the same hotel room as him for a con after that :/ So I don't know what good reading her texts with him is going to do if they continue staying in hotel rooms together.** **I guess this thread has made me realize that with my history of being cheated on and her and her ex being disrespectful of our relationship, this problem is less about the romance novels and more about the fact that she isn't respecting our relationship, and if she's not willing to set harder boundaries with her ex this isn't going to work out.** ------------------------------------------------------------------ So I’ve always known my girlfriend likes romance novels, it’s her guilty pleasure and that doesn’t bother me. She is often on her kindle while I’m playing video games or right before she sleeps. One of the things we bonded over at first was our love of books so I like that she reads. I prefer paper books but occasionally I’ll borrow her kindle to read some ebook I’ve gotten. I did this recently and was flipping through the titles when I saw some weird book that piqued my interest so I started skimming it. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that not only is it gay romance, like between gay men, but also that the men get pregnant. I wasn’t sure what I was reading at first and thought I misunderstood but then I looked up the author on my phone and indeed the entire thing seems to be books about men getting pregnant. I understand romance books have appeal to women, and I can see why, but this THIS.... now to be clear, I am not homophobic at all, but to find that your girlfriend reads gay romance where the men get pregnant is a little disturbing. Even the gay aspect didn’t freak me out too much, but it was when I realized these books were all about men getting pregnant that I really started to freak out. The kicker is that the guys are werewolves which is even weirder and concerning because... She has an ex who was a furry and I always laughed at what a weirdo her ex was, but now I’m wracked with insecurity that maybe there’s more to her than I thought. They’re still in the same friend group and they don’t hang out one on one but they do talk sometimes. I’m not a jealous guy (and come on the guy’s a furry) so I never minded but now I’m wondering. So I talked to her about this and was like… “What’s up with these gay wolf pregnancy books?” And she immediately got defensive. I told her that I was just wondering if there was<|response|> YTA. It’s kind of a leap to go from my girlfriend is into gay werewolf pregnancy novels to she must not be over her furry ex boyfriend. They obviously broke up for a reason. Thinking they might share fetishes does not mean that she still loves her ex boyfriend. <|endoftext|>
109980	4	AITA: No car seat, no help. AITA: So the wife calls me this morning from work (she works nights at a hospital) claiming her car won't start and that I needed to come pick her up. No big deal, right? I start getting the four kids ready (9, 5, 2, and 9mos) and then find out the one car seat we share between cars FOR THE BABY is in her car. I call her back and ask if there's another car seat in the attic. Her response if that she'll call her mom to pick her up. I mention a few times that I could help her if she took the car seat out of her car (it clicks with a push of a button) I could be there. But she's lazy on this one thing. So she's pissed at me because I was a jerk to her. I was not being compassionate and didn't care even when I texted her twice to see if her dad had picked her up (my mother-in-law want answering at 730 in the AM) and she responded after the second message. I'm the dick because I didn't want to hold a baby while driving like Britney? So. Am I the asshole?<|response|> YTA, your wife was needing your help, and instead of just explaining to her that the baby didn't have a car seat, you had to school her on the fact that **I mention a few times that I could help her if she took the car seat out of her car (it clicks with a push of a button) I could be there.** You didn't mention it once, you mentioned it a **few** times, not helping the situation in the slightest. <|endoftext|>
95337	4	AITA for wanting my husband to be a stay at home dad I’m 6 months pregnant and we’ve been fighting about the childcare situation. I make 3x as much as him, so it seems to make sense that he should stay at home. Also, he’s a teacher so he would be great with kids. He’s saying that he doesn’t want to, and we can afford daycare so it’s no big deal. I don’t want to just ship our kid off to daycare all day 5 days a week. I can’t stay at home since I make the majority of the income, WIBTA if I make him stay home at least until preschool?<|response|> YTA, you can ask, but it seems you've got your answer and are determined to push him into it. Being a SAH parent is rough, you feel increasingly isolated and alone, and your career takes a plunge after several years unemployment. He doesn't want to. Take the daycare and stop talking about 'making' major decisions for your spouse. <|endoftext|>
116176	4	AITA if I went through my husband's emails to get the truth about what he was saying to me to my business partners? For some context, my husband and I have been together for 5 years. In the middle of these 5 years, we started an online business together. The business was my idea, and I was fully prepared to go through it on my own. However, my husband, upon seeing me struggle with some aspects of the business, decided to help me, as he had a lot more knowledge than me in the area. Of course, I was happy to get the help! But he kept repeating stuff like "You'll never be able to do this without me" "I sacrificed years of my life for YOU" His parents had abused him emotionally growing up. I took him into my house (before we were married, we were fairly young), tried my best to give him what he needed. However, taking care of someone who's been through that took a toll on me, and I ended up snapping on him multiple times. I'm not proud of those moments. The abuse caused him to become extremely impatient. He would lose his shit every time I did a small mistake, go completely bonkers whenever I would cry due to his outbursts. I began to be afraid of little things. I was scared of giving my opinion (and thus, would default to agreeing with him). I was so scared that it affected all of the spheres in my life.This only caused my productivity to drop like mad. However, because of my drop in productivity, the rest of our team was starting to view me differently. I could've understood if it was just a professional thing, but something about how they were talking to me felt off. **Here's why I became very suspicious of my husband:** He vents to others whenever we have a fight. He'll go up to his friends, his family and just about everyone and give us details about our personal lives. He'd detail nearly everything I've done and said to him. However, I would hold it in, all of my feelings, and I'd rather talk it out in private, just between me and him. This led to our entire circle getting his side of the story everytime, further isolating me socially. I couldn't help but shake the feeling that he was doing so with our business partners as well. I asked him about it, and he lied to me and told me he never revealed anything personal to any of our partner. So, I logged into his emails and read the back and forth between him and the BPs. And here it was. Laid down were detailed facts about our fights, relationships and just generally my flaws as a person. Basically, he ruined my chances of ever starting anew with any of them, as they now have access to parts of my life I never gave him the consent to expose. I confronted him about this and told him that I went through<|response|> NTA Your husband is an abuser. You listed several abusive traits. I'm glad you two are likely to get divorced soon - don't let him back out of that one. I'm sorry starting over will be hard for you, but I wish you the best. <|endoftext|>
157138	1	AITA for telling my SAH Aunt to get a job and stop being entitled after she criticised my mum for working when we were kids? My Aunt was a stay at home mum when my cousins, siblings and I were growing up. Both our families grew up together with Dad and Uncle working the same farm. Neither of our families was well off but my mum worked as a nurse growing up to give me and my sibling's extra things. My Aunt has always been jealous of the things my mother bought us and always made backhanded comments about how things that we had (eg our family computer) belonged to the farm and should be used by everybody. She would often gossip about how my mum abandoned us alone at home and how mothers shouldn’t work while raising children etc and overall was just plain nasty to my mum. Anyway, now all of us kids are adults and moved out of our parents and my mum passed away 2 years ago. We were all at a family dinner for my cousin who is pregnant when the topic of when my cousin would go back to work came up. Out of nowhere Aunt starts another monologue about how mothers shouldn’t work and how it messes the child up and how women who work as mothers only do it because they want expensive things. I am pissed and ask her directly whether she thinks the same about my mum. Aunt backtracks a bit but still says that my mother shouldn’t have worked when we were kids. At this point, I am holding back using some very expressive words and say that my mother worked to give us kids opportunities in life instead of demanding money for doing absolutely nothing and I asked what my Aunts excuse is now for not working because both her kids have moved out. My Aunt is embarrassed and my brother, sister and I leave the dinner. I am now getting angry texts from my cousins about shaming stay at home mums and my siblings, although they agree with me, say that I shouldn’t have been so rude to Aunt and should have let it go and not ruined a family dinner. Am I the arsehole here?<|response|> Aye she started it NTA <|endoftext|>
64065	3	AITA for not wanting to go to a wedding? So my friends mom is getting married, and he told my mom, who is now trying to force me to go. I hate weddings and I hate my friends mom even more. He hates her too, and has stated that multiple times, he's trans and she screamed at him when he came out, so I don't wanna be there for someone I hate with a passion. My mom claims I'm a "rude asshole" for not wanting to go. But the way I see it is not even my friend or his sister want to be there, we all hate their mom, so why should we have to go. AITA?<|response|> NTA but likely your friends will want some support. Plus think of all the money you'll be making his mom spend on your behalf. <|endoftext|>
34454	3	AITA for moving someone's clothes out of one dryer if they're using all available dryers in our apartment complex and I have no idea when they would have been back? So in order to save some money I’ve been using my apartment’s washers and dryers to save $600 a year. Now usually I take up one or two at most and usually try to do them at times when people aren’t around. But today I had to use them and someone had taken up all 4 dryers, had they’re laundry supplies all over and had used 2 washers. At first I figured it would be okay because there was more time that my clothes would need to be washed so I thought there would be a free dryer as I only needed one. Well when I came back my clothes were done and all the dryers were still taken and completely done. In college it was always an unspoken rule that if someone’s stuff was in the dryer and there was no sign of them, you’d put it on top and use the dryer. So I waited awhile contemplating about whether or not I should take one dryer before finally saying fuck it because I had no idea when they would be back and I needed to get this done and their dryers had been done for at least 20 minutes now. So I moved their clothes on top of the dryer, put mine in, started the dryer, and waited to take out some of my clothes that didn't need to go the full cycle. So of course 5 minutes after I’d already started the dryer I took, the guy comes in and I immediately apologized for moving his clothes but he responded with “yeah but I just don’t like people moving my clothes.” And I said I’m sorry again and said that the dryer had been done for awhile and that they were dry to which he replied with “yeah but they would’ve just been done.” And then continued to huff and puff and sigh while moving all his stuff while we just awkwardly stayed their in silence until he left. I do understand where he’s coming from because I also wouldn’t like to have my stuff moved but on the other hand, I feel like it’d be common courtesy to leave at least one free machine open for others to use, especially if you leave. So reddit am I the asshole here?<|response|> NTA Doesn’t matter where you are. Community washer and dryer rules are the same. If you need the dryer and the clothing is done, it’s okay to pull it out. If the clothing isn’t done, leave it for a reasonable amount of time (my rule is 30 minutes) if they don’t add time by then, that’s their problem. <|endoftext|>
32773	2	AITA for buying a vacuum for my girlfriend’s birthday? My girlfriend’s birthday is today. About a month ago my brother told me that he was planning on buying her one of those new Dyson vacuums. I thought it was an incredible idea since I’ve seen how high tech and cool they are, so I asked if I can contribute to the gift. After some math, we decided to split it three ways, between me, him, and his gf, with me paying the majority. Fast forward to today. She opens the gift and kind of gives an awkward laugh. She thanks me but I can tell she’s upset. I ask her what’s wrong, and she opens up with how dumb of a gift idea this is. The more she talked, the more upset and angry she got. She said that she saw the gift as an implication that she should clean more. She hates cleaning and she thought the gift was very inappropriate for a birthday. I was genuinely surprised by her reaction and got a little hurt that she was so upset. She cried for a bit and then left the house to go for a walk. I feel like a giant asshole. ☹️<|response|> YTA You bought a cleaning product for a girl who hates cleaning? As a birthday present? That is some shit-tier present buying, guy. <|endoftext|>
72867	3	AITA for tattling on a boy with special needs? Earlier today I took my children to an indoor bounce house. On average most of the children there were between 18 months and eight or nine. There was a boy there who appeared to have down syndrome and was carrying a large stick with two zip ties at the end. He was bringing the stick on the inflatable bounce structures and on more than one occasion lost his balance (as you do) and poked other kids with the stick. He appeared to be with a negligent aide who was playing candy crush on an iPad. I interrupted her level of candy crush and asked her if she wouldn’t mind taking the stick from her child while he was bouncing. She told me it wasn’t her child and that he had had to stick the whole time and no one had complained. I informed her that I saw him poke a couple kids that I knew, although not on purpose, and asked again that she encourage him to put the stick down or provide him a different, less pointy stimulus. She got a little indignant, told the person next to her that “there’s always someone,” but did remove the stick (FTR-the boy had zero response to losing the stick). My husband said I should have minded my own business—I think the person responsible should have been minding her business but since she wasn’t I spoke up. So, am I the A-Hole?<|response|> Of course you’re NTA. You’re protecting other kids and probably saved him from poking himself in the eye. Well done. Don’t give it another thought. <|endoftext|>
24420	2	AITA for constantly interrupting my roommates working if they decide to work in the kitchen I understand why they want to work in the kitchen, growing up I would also work in the kitchen so my parents could keep an eye on me and help me with homework while preparing food. However IMO the kitchen is an open area and anyone shouldn't feel burdened to make food without worrying about disrupting other people (especially if they are working). I've had enough and would like to eat when I'm hungry. I would also like to point out that this includes group meetings with their classmates (that of course have to meet at our house and do it in the kitchen while we have 2 other living rooms), and practicing presentations. The most annoying thing they do is 'business' calls over skype with the webcam and everything. I actually enjoy the idea of a 'professional' call for an interview or with a 'client' while I'm in the background banging pots and making oatmeal for breakfast in my PJs, I believe it would send the message across. Am I the asshole for wanting this?<|response|> Nah - but do it <|endoftext|>
68469	3	AITA for dreading going to work over music? So ive been at my job for 4 1/2 years. Ive always played music for the whole office, i literally play every genre that is considered "office music". My coworkers have always complimented all the music i play and how good it is. because....... we hired this new girl who works the front desk for the last 6 months id say. Shes very comfortable at the office now, and she literally requests or plays her country music ALL DAY. Like dont get me wrong, i like some country songs, and make sure to mix it in my playlists when i play music. But i can only handle so much. So i work 3 days a week, the other two she plays music for the office, and when i get back from my weekend, everyone is like "oh my god connect your music before she comes in" or "thank god your playing music, we cant stand what she plays." And mind... its not like they are all different songs.. its literally a playlist of 45 songs on repeat for 8 hours. So this has been going on for a long time, i came in a bit earlier and was playing music this morning and shes like "put country on!" so i did for a straight hour. Coworker gives me the hardest death stare across the room. So i disconnect my phone and shes like "WHAT HAPPENED TO THE COUNTRY?!" I said my phone somehow got disconnected... (those 10 minutes of silence was the best thing that has happened here at the office in forever), until she figured out how to connect her phone on top of mine on bluetooth after telling her it might be broken and we can try later. So here i am two hours later listening to these country jams :) Am i just being mean....?<|response|> NTA, but it seems like you could avoid a whole lot of office drama and bullshit, by just explained to her that she's the only hardcore country fan in the office. You don't need to be mean about it or make her feel stupid, just let her know that you try to make sure everyone has a say and you'll make sure some country is included in the rotation. Honestly this whole thing sounds like it's passive aggressive and could be solved easily with a little bit of communication. <|endoftext|>
23562	4	AITA for not wanting to give my bro a virtual item? k let me explain, me and my bro like playing cs, alot infact. We have our own money, He decided to give me a deagle once (because he didnt want it.) Didnt really say much till now. Recently I've been wanting to sell some of my TF2 items for some skins. I know it seems stupid but I've been wanting it for a while. however, he decided to give me his m4a1 skin (\~50 cents) And he said he really didn't care and he wanted to help me get one of my dream skins. Eventually one of my item's sold and im 1 step closer. He came out of nowhere and wants the skin that i'm trying to buy. Now while its true I owe him him 2 skins, He said he really didn't want it and suddenly out of nowhere wants it. Seems kind of manipulative to me. Im 16, hes 18. He has a decent job making not too much but again not too low, same with me. Also we dont spend too much money on virtual items, not me atleast. I bought 5 euros and with those euros ive been gaining the skins. All of my TF2 skins are throughout trading, csgo not. I dont know about my bro. AITA?<|response|> NTA - He gave you something he didn't want. If he want reciprocation, give him two skin you didn't want and call it even. It is unreasonable for him to want something that you want and put forth effort to obtain. <|endoftext|>
129178	1	AITA for telling my friend to stop expecting handouts from people. so my friend 25m is a mooch, his cousin pays his phone bill, he is on the benefit for a illness he plays up. and he can get money from almost any family member he wants. he also has 0$ in savings. he thinks that his family can get him out of any situation. recently I noticed that his family was giving him less money and he was complaining about it. I told him that it's there money and if they decide to give it to you they can but you need to stop expecting them to just give it to you. he got mad and called me a bitch so I responded that you need to stop expecting handouts from people and grow the fuck up. I think this argument ended the friendship tbh. sorry for the issues I have dyslexia. Am I the ass?<|response|> NTA <|endoftext|>
121326	2	AITA for not going to my best friends wedding. So my best friend (lets call her G) has decided to have her wedding, that's awesome and I'm happy she found the one. The issue is G never sent out save the dates, meaning last week we got the actual wedding invitations for a wedding that is happening in 1 month. It will be at her grandmother's Ranch and it seems like a pretty nice wedding. here is where the issue started. a few months ago me and 3 friends decided to plan a trip to Australia to backpack/sightsee for 2 weeks, the trip starts 2 days before the wedding so we can't go. G knew about the trip as we invited her but I'm geussing she forgot. she is mad at all of us for not just cancelling the trip and being at her wedding. all of us are not super rich so this would be a huge loss if we cancelled the trip. (so we are not) I also want to add that she invited 50 people, I asked. and only 20 can make it as she gave 1 month notice. she is flipping her shit and acting like we should drop everything for her. AITA for not just cancelling my 2 week trip to go to her wedding?<|response|> NTA. Just tell her you’ll come to her next wedding. <|endoftext|>
19222	2	AITA for Never Wanting to Forgive Her? So this has been a story that's been bugging me for a while. I had a friend in elementary school, let's call her A, that was basically my best friend for a good two years. I'd transferred into the elementary in 2nd grade because my family had moved (we changed houses a fair bit cause my parents were good at gauging the housing market). I ended up staying there all through the rest of elementary. Anyway, early days of 2nd grade she introduced herself and we became pretty good friends. (We'd always go over to her house to play because at the time her family was a little better off than mine and could afford things like a new Wii and a big dollhouse and lots of toys.) So up until about early fourth grade, A was my best friend in the world. We'd play together after school (eventually at either of our houses cause my mom got a better job and we could afford nicer toys), have dinner at each other's houses, all the usual best friend kid stuff. But for some reason, as we got a little older I become more stereotypically "nerdy" and not to mention I was a probably bit of a mess of a kid with unruly hair and the same 10 t-shirts all the time (I liked em, don't judge). A, however, started dressing nicer and even I think started wearing a little makeup to school (I wasn't allowed to touch makeup till I was 16, so I was pretty bad a recognizing it on people till like 7th-8th grade). One day at recess, I went to find A to play something together cause that'd what we did, and she just starts asking me all these weird questions. I don't remember most of them, but one that always stands out in my mind is "What's your favorite animal?" I'm not good at picking favorites and thought she might like if we had the same favorite as her's was a tiger (plus I've always been a cat person) so I said tiger like her. A FLIPS OUT yelling at me that I can't have the same favorite animal as her because that means I'm copying her and just her friend so I can be like her etc. etc. I remember crying as she was yelling at me and then never being able to talk to her again after that (I was lucky to find another couple of friends that were really sweet and one I still catch up with from time to time to this day) because she and her new friend group (all the classically popular girls) would always leave when I came around and act like I didn't exist. Really stereotypical above-you preppy behavior I know but like it happened all the time. So yeah, you'd think that's it, dumb grudge from elementary school. But no, it gets kinda worse. I was fortunate enough to be placed in the 'accelerated learning' program or whatever (puzzles for smart kids)<|response|> I mean, I guess NAH but you’re seriously acting like a child. “Wah my friend was mean in elementary school I will NEVER forgive her” like.... just move on. Who cares what she did when she was 8? How in the world does this still bother you this much? <|endoftext|>
81990	4	WIBTA if I only left money to my brother’s biological kids in my will? I’ll try to keep this as short as possible, if you have any questions, ask away. So my brother (let’s call him Dan) has four kids - 2 bio, 2 step. Dan is loser. He’s an unemployed alcoholic with no prospects and he has no desire to change his current situation (I have a lot of issues with my brother - we do not get on at all, but I love his GF and kids very much). The bio father of Dan’s step kids is quite well off and comes from a very rich family. These two kids are the only ones he has or (according to him) will ever have. Now I’m by no means “rich,” but I’m reasonably well off and I’m child free so chances are that when I die, I’ll have a decent amount of money/assets to bequeath. The way I see it is that Dan’s step kids will get a healthy inheritance from their bio dad and Dan’s bio kids will most likely get nothing/very little from theirs. So would it be horrible of me to only leave my money and assets to my biological nieces? Logically it feels sound, but morally it feels kinda shitty and like I’m playing favourites. What do you guys think?<|response|> NTA - what you decide to leave to ppl is up to you and logically you are correct it makes sense. If you have a relationship with them maybe let them know about it much later on so they dont think it was because you didnt consider them part of the real family. <|endoftext|>
163811	4	AITA for cancelling my birthday event? I used to be very close with my dad, until a few years ago when he took up golf. He now plays it every evening and at weekends he plays golf both days and usually attends a golf related event in the evening so trying to see him is very difficult. I told him a month ago that my plan for my birthday was an escape room in a local town, followed by a meal and then the cinema. My dad always boasts about how wealthy he is but he is also very particular with money so I said I would pay for everything other than the meal (£100+ in total). I only asked him for his time and as he had golf from 7:30-2 that day, that I would fit it around his golf. He didn't come back with a response until I pushed him for a final answer so I could book the escape room as it was close to being fully booked. He did not think we could get to the escape room, meal and cinema in time and said that he would go to the escape room, then the meal and then call it a night. I begrudgingly agreed as I knew we had plenty of time to do all three, but didn't want an argument over my birthday. I booked the escape room at £80 (which is most of my free income for the month) and agreed he would pick me and my boyfriend up at 4:30 to get to the escape room for 5:30. As we are going out for a meal afterwards, I decided to do a bit of make up before going out so started getting ready at 3:30, giving myself an hour before my dad picked me up. He called me shortly after saying he was on the way. I asked if he was serious and he said yes because he wanted to get there on time. I said that its a 30 minute drive (it is closer to a 20 minute drive in total) and I was not ready. He then became irate and started shouting at me down the phone saying its only a bit of make up, it shouldn't take me longer than 10 minutes and that he would be here at 4:15. I, again begrudgingly agreed to this time but he cut me off saying "You know what? fuck it get the fucking bus" and then hung up. It would have taken me and my partner over 2 hours to get to the escape room via the bus so we had to cancel the event as we would not be able to get there on time and even if he did change his mind, we did not want to spend an hour locked in a room with my dad being this angry. I lost the cost of the event and my dad became further irate and texted me saying "Are you seriously going to give up £80 because of a little make up?".<|response|> NTA. It’s your birthday so you can choose what to do. He was being an idiot and you should never let anyone abuse you or make you feel less. Just because they are your parent doesn’t give them the right to do shit like this. He’s TA. <|endoftext|>
169261	4	AITA for not telling my dad about my mom’s affair When I (F 24) was 15 my mother started seeing another man. It started very innocent, we lived in an apartment complex that faced a pool. One day she took my then 5 year old sister to the pool and sat nearby this man, Chris. He had just moved there and was living with his brother until he found a place of his own. He didn’t have any friends or family and my mom got along with him so they became friends. My father comes to find out and he does not feel comfortable with this and tells her he doesn’t want her to hang out with him anymore. She says he’s being dramatic but he doesn’t budge. My father worked every day from 6 AM to 8-9 PM as a contractor, whereas my mother was a stay at home parent. What she did during the day he wouldn’t know about. I come to find out she remained being Chris’s friend. One day she brings Chris home without telling my dad so they can meet and he can see that Chris doesn’t mean any disrespect. It didn’t end well. My mom told him she would stop being friends with Chris. Which was a lie. Her and I have never had a good relationship while I’ve always had a great relationship with my father. She confides in me that she’s still seeing Chris. And that while she’s at home and we’re at school and my dad is working, they’ll go to the mall, just hang out and talk, go to the beach, etc. She made me promise not to tell my dad. For whatever reason my 15 year old brain didn’t process it as, my mother is potentially having an affair, I thought of it as gossip. One day I’m in the kitchen with her and she breaks down crying saying she’s fallen in love with him. Fast forward a few weeks later and she files for divorce. My dad begged her not to leave him that they’ll go to couples counseling, that he’ll work less so he can spend more time with her etc but she didn’t want to budge. My dad never mentioned it to me, he never told me he felt betrayed by me or anything. But I’ve always felt that I could’ve stopped it or I could’ve done something. A few years later, my mom is still a shitty person. My dad lost everything in the divorce, was so poor he would ask me for money for gas, his friends for rent money, but she wouldn’t care and would constantly hassle him for child support which he couldn’t afford. His stress levels went up, his cholesterol went up, got high blood pressure and diabetes. Last year he had a stroke and passed away and we never discussed what transpired. Although I feel like I shouldn’t be the asshole because I was a kid and I shouldn’t have been involved to begin with, I still carry the burden.<|response|> NTA! Shame on your mother for burdening you with her secret. You were a child and she never should have pulled you into her infidelity and lies that put you in the position of holding a secret from your father. Your loyalty to your father has not been diminished by your not telling him. Adult problems are not EVER to be the burden of a child. Edit: spelling error <|endoftext|>
164865	5	AITA for kicking this (fellow) autistic person out of my Dungeons and Dragons game? My motivations feel dubious. Context: I am an autistic lady in her late 30s. I play too much DnD, I mostly DM. When this began, I DMd Wed, Sat, and played Sun. 6 months ago I need more players for Saturday, I see a post on r/lfg from a guy “Vare” who says he keeps getting kicked out of games for being either autistic or black or both (I believe him to this day). I think these people must be assholes and I talk to him and recruit him, because I want to help him. Hes like a much younger male version of me. Says and does bizarre things because he thinks they seem normal etc. Doesnt understand how to socialize, I used to be that way, was a hard thing to fugue out. Took decades. I do my best to be patient and coach him. He makes his char, who is rude and antisocial. I try to coach him on how to interact w/ other players (brooding in a corner doesnt help you, just go engage w/ them). He does and says a lot of stuff that bugs me. I am very sensitive to sound, my entire equilibrium can be thrown off by mouth noises. He makes weird noises in voice chat frequently. I tell him to stop, he largely stops, but his mic picks up the saliva in his mouth when he talks. Drives me crazy every time he talks. I know this isnt fair and try to move on. He constantly talks to fill the silence, which annoys me, I try to get him to stop. Limited success. He mumbles a lot at the end of sentences when his point is already made. I try to get him to stop, limited success. He is easily frustrated and has anger problems but is never abusive, I just dont like it. I try to help him. Limited success. Annoyance level w/ him rises over time, I want to kick him out, but I dont because I dont want to do it for the wrong reasons. A couple months ago I start a friday night game. I recruit from discord, show of hands, but specifically dont invite him. When he realizes he wasnt picked, his heartbreaking reaction is “but I said I wanted to join :(“ clearly not understanding, so I let him join. Makes another weird asshole character. His Sat char dies, he makes a new 1, more agreeable, but his out of character attitude declines. He’s often very frustrated. I start to get complaints but I try to work w/ him. Limited success. I end up using my “mom voice” w/ him to get him to stop one of his episodes, I feel bad about it. Really bad. My dear friend “Nyssa” says she has a player she wants into a game. Fri is only one makes sense, but no room. Later realize if Vare is gone, there’s room. Instantly hate myself, but tell Nyssa. She<|response|> NAH You feel bad because you know he gets rejected a lot, you don’t like having rejected him, you see yourself in him and so you empathize a lot with how the rejection would feel. But you’ve been coaching him on things that would make him fit in with groups better. It didn’t work out. Maybe, instead of thinking of how *he* feels, try reminding yourself of how your other players feel. Don’t they have a right to play without someone who’s making it less fun? Don’t they deserve to not always have the rude and antisocial character around? What about them? I use the judgement I used because he’s not an asshole. He took the rejection well and being very socially inept isn’t the same thing as being an asshole. A suggestion, OP - maybe set up a roleplaying campaign through nothing but text. That way you can play something with him but not have to listen to mouth noises and mumbling, and if he writes that his character broods in a corner, you have plausible deniability and can have yours do whatever until he decides to make his character sociable. <|endoftext|>
23770	4	AITA for telling my girlfriend I wanted kids but telling my now wife I have changed my mind? When we first started dating three years ago I was truly open to the idea of having a child. We are now both in our mid 30s and each have a child of our own between 10 and 13. Now it seems like more work and money than I'd like to (selfishly) invest. She wants one, I'm on the fence but heavily leaning towards no... Edit: I really appreciate all the insight. Thank you for your thoughtful comments.<|response|> NAH - you shouldn't have a child you don't want; circumstances change and people are allowed to change their minds but it's better to tell her sooner rather than later. You have to be okay and prepared that this might be relationship ending and that doesn't make her TA either. Children are a huge deal and there is a chance she might not have married or dated you if she knew you weren't going to want another child. <|endoftext|>
21998	4	AITA for being upset for moms hoarding tendencies First time posting on reddit, nice to meet everyone! &#x200B; I have 2 weeks off from school to study. I spent half just deep cleaning my house in neglected areas that don't receive regular touch ups by the family. It was very productive and threw out about 5-8 black garbage bags in the span of a week, donated 3 large boxes of knick knacks and clothing and the rest was recycled. \*Junk I threw out had categories: expired food, excess plastic containers, and stuff that can be replaced by reusable items we already had.\* Sounds great? Well here comes the onslaught. I was cleaning the hallway where everyone walks but I almost dislocated a toe after stubbing previously (it hurts when I bend I got it checked and got sprained diagnosis) because there was so much stuff it took up 1/4 of the walking space. It's not stacked neatly and has irregular corners poking out. I got blamed for not cleaning but none of it is mine nor did I place it there. So during my break I cleaned it and now there are only 3 sorted bins in the corner of the hallway. Mom went ballistic and started to accuse me of throwing out precious expensive things of hers and was just pure shouting. I yelled back "hey I gave you a week to see what I was going to do with the stuff and keep anything of importance to you in the open living room" and "the house is so messed up and it's all your 'stuff' " Not gonna lie but my kindness was tested and if I replied quieter it wouldn't have been heard y'know. &#x200B; My mom was poor so I understand the need to keep things because of past scarcity but now I pay the gas bill and buy my own things so it gets overwhelming to live in a space where things just pile up. &#x200B; I gave her 4 years to clean these spaces and I now have the mental strength to do it myself. Also dad approved of the trash being thrown out so I was surprised at the outburst from mom.\* I have consulted with a psychologist on how to approach a hoarder when throwing out large amounts and deescalate when they feel anxiety.\* AITA for making her go ballistic and sad? &#x200B; **TL;DR** Mom is a diagnosed hoarder, refuses to deep clean so I spent 1 week cleaning myself, found dead bugs almost cried myself and got shit from mom for days.<|response|> NTA. Your mom has a mental condition and I feel bad for her for that, but she should be able to see that you're only trying to help. If you haven't already yet, you should bring up your best point - that you're helping pay the bills, and you should have some say in how the shared areas are used. <|endoftext|>
165693	3	AITA for being mad at my friend just because of a bad movie day? First of all, I just want to say please forgive me for my English errors because I'm not a native speaker. Or you can correct it if you want to, I don't mind at all. Back to the story, I (F,25) have been rushed by a friend (M,31) to see the Joker movie last week, he was dying to see it and so was I, so we decided to watch the movie on Saturday morning. Then that day came, and his message came right before the showing time at about 5 minutes, that he was overslept and he was right on his way to the cinema. And I was wandering outside for a few minutes before entering the theater room, and I planned when he texted me I would slipped the other ticket to him, that has taken me a few minutes late for the movie. And inside the theater, I couldn't stayed focus in the movie because every 2 minutes I have to looked down at the phone and I must hid it inside my bag to avoid the screen light. But unfortunately the cab went on the wrong way so he was even later, so he decided to head back to the other cinema near home and watch the movie at the different showtime. So I watched the rest of the movie in a terrible mood, because I have a little job as a movie critic, sometimes I don't get paid for my reviews but these will maintain my future profits, and I couldn't do any reviews because of the mess I went through before that. When I went home, he texted me back that he watched the full movie and he was the only one at the theater room. So I went mad at him. I didn't blame him but all I texted were like he was the reason why I was late and why I opened my phone for the first half of the movie, and I told him how I had a really, really bad movie day. Then later I asked him to transfer me the money for both tickets back, somehow shit happened again when the transaction failed twice. He offered me to receive the money directly in person, and he needed someone to discuss about the movie. That 'someone' is me. But I pushed it to the dramatic level when I told him I didn't want to mention anything about it, including the movie. Somehow I made this into the cold war. And because of this, I have to arrange another day to watch the movie again. AITA for being mad and bitching at my friend just because of this?<|response|> ESH. You're technically not the asshole for being mad at him but I think you pushed it too far. Sometimes it's better to be kind than to be right! <|endoftext|>
154420	3	AITA for being mad with a friend over accepting a job I should have been given? I'm 17 so this isn't a job job. It's serving basic food at a family owned place. I've been friends with the son of the owners of this place a few years now, but the past spring and winter he's started being an asshole to me. Last September, I applied at his family's shop, as I had just turned 16 and was finally able to work. He was encouraging me to apply and wanted to work with me. Anyways, applications work by writing your name into a notebook with your info and times you can work. Once I was done, his mom told me that I probably shouldn't expect to receive a call for that fall until after they reopened in the spring because they didn't expect any spots to open up until after they reopened. It was fair enough to me. I waited until February, and then started inquiring with the owners' son again. I specifically asked if they wiped the notebook every time they closed for the season and was told they didn't by him. But I asked another one of my friends who worked there if they did and he told me that they did wipe the book. So hearing two conflicting things and not wanting to pester the owners into giving me a job, I went with what the son said and didn't go back into the shop to reapply, assuming that my name was still in the queue. Fast forward to the end of school, where my relationship with the owners' son has heavily deteriorated to the point where I'm really not sure if he even likes having me around anymore. By this time I still haven't heard from the shop, and another mutual friend of ours who had applied when the shop reopened in February had gotten accepted and started working there. Sensing something was up, reapplied in June. My suspicions were confirmed when I found that the format of this book was different, meaning they had wiped the queue from before they closed for the winter. I still gave all my information and left. My best friend "Henry" applied a few days later. The owners' son likes Henry a lot more than me.This will be important later. Present day,2 months after I reapplied and Henry applied,I've just found out that the son (ex best friend at this point I guess) offered Henry a job. Henry has one already but if they can give him a good schedule he said he'd accept. This is a big insult to me as I've been waiting for a year at this point, and the owners' son knows this. AITA if I'm pissed at Henry for accepting (it feels like a major betrayal)? I would expect my best friend to stand by me when something as obviously unfair as this happens. Also there were no credentials entered into the book, the only difference in our entries was that I was multiple entries ahead. I've<|response|> YTA. Your anger is misplaced. It’s not Henry’s fault. If anything, it’s the fault of your former friend. Henry is just living his life and trying to make some cash. He doesn’t owe some debt of loyalty where he doesn’t accept the job. Then you’d both be without a job. <|endoftext|>
1104	3	AITA for trying to get the most out of selling my Xbox One? I'm selling a 500 Gb Xbox One with games and accessories. A chat pad/ headset dongle, headset, battery packs, Titanfall 2, Gears 4, Skyrim Special Edition, Batman Arkham Knight, Fallout 4, Master Chief Collection. If you bought this used at Gamestop and with tax it'd easily be $450+. I posted it on Craigslist at $400 NEG (meaning price negotiable). Two people have texted me whining about the price. One guy said you can get those games for $25...Yeah right! Show me where Skyrim, Gears, or Titanfall are 25. Besides, I said the price is negotiable so its annoying that these people come right out whining to me rather than just try to barter. I've since reposted the price at $380 and still negotiable to hopefully cut down on the whiners. Idk its just annoying, like I said its negotiable..whining to me just means I'm not going to deal with you. AITA? Also, my girlfriend said my original post was douchey cause I basically said "This is a good deal but if you feel like talking the price down try". AITA for this?<|response|> I don't think you're an asshole, but you sound a little high strung about this. I doubt your girlfriend would call your post douchey unless there was some truth to it. And honestly, your post here comes off a bit douchey to me. Also, it sounds like you aren't actually willing to negotiate on the price that much. If the whiners are bothering you this much, why not post on eBay and not have to deal with all the buyer interaction? (You realize, of course, that even once you arrange a deal, the buyer will ghost you. That's just the way Craigslist works.) <|endoftext|>
62801	4	WIBTA if I asked my roommate to be more careful about the people he brings over? So for background, my roommate is technically the lease holder for the place we live in. It's military housing, and he didn't want a tiny apartment so he asked us to live with him. He couldn't get the house without us, and we were in a tiny apartment before so that's the way it worked out. When we moved in, my roommate (I'll call him Bob) was in a steady long term relationship with a girl he intended to marry who was also in the military. For reasons I won't mention here that didn't work out. Bob said he was going to "take some time for himself". I don't usually concern myself with what he's up to and since it's "his house" I rarely ever say anything. But it's basically been a revolving door of women the entire summer. I'm not exaggerating when I say theres a new one every two days. While I don't care what Bob does in his spare time, I have a few concerns. For one, all of Bob's things fit in his bedroom minus one or two pieces of furniture. The rest of the house has been furnished solely by my boyfriend and myself. My bf also has a fair amount of electronics, game systems, and a bunch of DVDs as well as some cool vintage games he's proud of. I also have two cats and a new puppy, and since they usually come home inebriated I'm worried there's going to be another incident (there was already one in May. We had 3 cats, one of the girls left the door open and now we have 2). Bob is very open about how he meets these women and it's usually after talking for about an hour on Tinder. One was here for the weekend, and only an hour after she left he mentioned to us that another woman I don't know is coming for drinks tonight. WIBTA if I tried to talk to him about this? It's been making me uneasy and I know I technically have no say, but I just worry something bad is going to happen.<|response|> NTA, especially since one of your cats has already been lost. If that wasn't enough to convince him to be more careful, I don't think anything will. You should definitely try to get out of the lease early. <|endoftext|>
116497	2	AITA for cutting off my best friend for constantly calling instead of texting? About 4 years ago, I moved away from the small town I'd lived in for 30 years. My best friend of 10 years and I kept in contact by phone for a while. But it started getting hard to answer when he called. When I would miss his calls (due to being at work or with other people), he would leave voicemails like, "Are you dead or something?" or "Are we friends anymore, bro?" I tried to get him to communicate via text or IM, but he refused and simply increased the number of times he called during the day. I ended up having to route his calls to my voicemail because my phone would be constantly ringing. After a while, I started actively avoiding his calls. Whenever I answered, I’d have to put up with passive-aggressive comments about how I never answered the phone. On top of that, I'd have to clear an hour from my schedule to listen to him talk about his life. I tried to talk to him a few times about how my schedule and the time difference made texting a much better way to keep in touch, but he responded by calling immediately after I sent a message. The big fallout happened when I came back home to visit. I had a couple days to spend visiting friends and family. I told him I was flying in about two months in advance and asked twice via text - a month before and the week before - when he wanted to hang out. He never responded in text, but simply called several times without leaving a message. The day of my flight rolled around, and he still hadn't answered the text. By this point, I admit - I was pissed. I'd tried for two months to arrange things with him. He knew I preferred texting to calling, but he refused to give in. So did I. I flew in and visited with friends and family. He finally - FINALLY - sent me a text on my last day. When did I want to meet up? But I'd already scheduled things with other friends and family - I couldn't hang out with him without canceling on someone else. So I told him sorry, but I thought he wasn't available since he never responded to my texts. He blew up. Started calling nonstop. By this point, I was just done with the whole thing. Eventually, he sent me a text saying how he'd taken the whole day off to see me. I basically just said, "Sorry, dude" and turned off my phone. I flew out later that day without ever seeing him. It was the last time we spoke. He called about twice a week after that, but I never answered. Eventually, he stopped calling. To be honest, I feel guilty about this whole thing. I could have let him win. I could have made time in my schedule to listen to him for a couple<|response|> ESH, two peeps too stubborn to just compromise <|endoftext|>
62597	3	AITA for getting mad at my friend for cancelling my birthday dinner? this happened a while back, but i just got into an argument with my friend about it so i wanted to get input. my school went on a trip to disney for the music program. as a disney fanatic, i was very excited, especially as the trip was right before my birthday (the day we drove back home was my bday) so it was kind of like a gift. the last day comes, we’re all in magic kingdom. we had reservations at a very nice restaurant that my friends made for my birthday dinner because my birthday was the next day. i was so excited, because it was a character dining experience and we had made these reservations WAY in advance. all of my friends and i had been saving our money for this dinner, since it was around $60. we had to make the reservation on a credit card on restaurant policy, i guess just in case we didn’t show up so we could be charged for not cancelling in advance. we used my friend M’s debit to make the reservation on, and then we went on with our lives. 20 minutes before our reservation, all of us are standing in magic kingdom and we’re hungry and pumped. M then tells us that she had cancelled the reservation the day before because she didn’t want to eat there and thought it would be too expensive. at this point, i am LIVID. i saved up for that dinner, which is hard to do as a student making minimum wage. everyone else is pretty mad too, seeing as we all were hungry and every other sit down restaurant had lines out the door. i got into an argument with her in public, yelling about how it was my birthday dinner i had been waiting for since last month, and she could have just not gone if she didn’t want to eat there. M said that the reservation was made on her card, but i told her that SHE volunteered to use her debit and it wouldn’t have charged her anything if we had just gotten an extra person to come with us in her place. then i asked her why she didn’t tell us, and she said she was afraid we’d call them and get them to fix the reservation. i ended up having to buy a churro for dinner, since pretty much every other place had gigantic lines and we had spent all day in lines for rides. i spent my birthday mad at my friend, hungry, and on a bus. our mutual friends agree with me, but think i was too harsh on her. i don’t see how i was harsh, since i never resorted to name calling and just told it how it is. AITA? trying to settle this once and for all.<|response|> NTA She volunteered to put it on her card then canceled without mentioning it to you. She’s the asshole. Sorry that this happened, those character experiences are something else. <|endoftext|>
165889	3	AITA for deleting Fortnite from my son's PS4? My son loves to play Fortnite with his school friends. Online gaming wasn't a thing for me growing up. He has many friends from school and he likes to play with them as a way to stay in touch with them. For the record, he has a cell phone. I don't know if his friends do. But he was bringing home bad grades and had a bad attitude, which his mother and I attributed to the hours he spent playing Fortnite. Our rule has always been "no video games during the school week." So, he'd wait til the weekends to play. But he tunes out the rest of the world when he's playing. He would get defiant and would argue with us when we told him it's time to stop playing. My wife and I feel this is unhealthy for him. Edit: we have not fully barred him from his games. He has every opportunity to get them back if he does what he knows he is supposed to do. My dilemma is I don't want to negatively affect his relationships with his friends.<|response|> NTA This is called parenting. You're parenting your child. <|endoftext|>
50106	2	AITA for putting my friend out of my house? My friend (20F) has been staying with me (22F) for the majority of the past 2 months. She claims she can't go home because her mom kicked her out and doesn't care if she has a safe place to be. Last week, my friend was arrested, and her mom came to her rescue with almost no questions asked. My friend was BLOWING my phone up everyday she was in jail. I had to put money on the books twice to talk to her. Her mom was genuinely concerned and stayed up to date on the situation. When my friend got out a few days later, her grandma and mom got her out and she went home with them. Unfortunately, I got arrested (lmao, I knw right?) the afternoon of 4th of July, but was out by 10:30pm. My friend was MIA most of the time, and when I got out , she didn't show up to the party we had planned for the 4th. She was at home until 3 days later when she asked to come over again and stayed the night. The next day, she asked me again around 2am, but I couldn't reply until about 6am, but didn't give her an answer. I just apologized for not replying sooner. I went home, and went to sleep. Then she called me 5 times until I woke up and told me she was outside waiting... I never said she could come. I let her in anyways. She claimed she just wanted to nap before work, but sat on my couch watching TV and smoking joints for hours before falling asleep (with the TV on like she usually does). She slept ALLL day until I left for work at 10pm... Then when I asked why she hadn't left, she said she didn't have to be at work until 2am..which annoyed me cause she had hit me up the day before at 2am saying she had to "nap" before work... But didn't have to be back until the next morning at 2am. I just feel like she gave me the run around so she could have somewhere to stay. She isn't homeless. She has every opportunity to just go home. She her her own room at her moms new house that her mom let her remodel. Not to mention, she doesn't help out financially at my place AT ALL. I've mentioned utilities multiple times. I've also offered to RENT one of my extra rooms to her. She just keeps saying she'll let me know. Her highest contribution is letting my dogs out occasionally. She sells bud, and I don't even get discounts on that!! I just feel like I'm being used. She'll try to leave for a day or 2 to make it seems like less of a burden, despite her constantly leaving trash and leftovers and washcloths in the shower. Yes... I've spoken to her directly about all of that. Yesterday, I told her that my utilities have been sky high since she's<|response|> How does everybody keep on getting arrested? <|endoftext|>
27705	4	AITA - Ruining friendships to prove a point? Calling out a best friend of 10-15 years for what I believe to be right So I had a friend (a really good friend at the time) for 10-15 years and he was in a relationship. We had a large group of friends that hung out In this group of friends, I started to see that he was hitting on other girls and I confronted him about it because he had a girlfriend. He said he was “sharpening his fang” incase he ever broke up with his girlfriend, and his girlfriend was accepting of it. In the end I realized he was harrassing our girl friends groping them and even sending dick pics and I thought “wait what? This is not normal”. So I confronted him. Because all the girls wouldn’t confront him personally but would send me screenshots of his behaviour. Only thing that happened was we got into a shouting match, he was insinuating that I was putting women on a pedestal (like r/niceguy behavior) but I just thought this was abnormal behaviour and I belirve in girls and guys just being friends in a group He ended up sending our text conversations to everyone (excluding key parts of course) but it became very dramatic. I wanted to send all the screenshots of what girls were saying about him (how he was sending them dick pics and saying he was on break with his gf) with their screenshots as proof but all my friends said I was making a big deal out of this I still think its wrong, but maybe Im the asshole? I never talked to his girlfriend about it but they broke up later on, I ruined all my friendships in this group because I called them all cowards for not doing anything about it. I called the girls cowards for not standing up to him more affirmingly to let him know that it was not acceptable if thats how they felt I’ve been told many times “thats not how you should end a 10-15 year friendship though” but I could really care less about that or him. I care that I was the only person that viewed this as a problem, maybe Im the odd one and an asshole? Im not a r/niceguy for just wanting people to behave civil, right?<|response|> NTA I wouldn't want to hang out with someone like that either. But it's weird you're only just now noticing what seems to be a personality staple of someone you've considered a best friend for 10-15 years. <|endoftext|>
18326	3	AITA for being slow when painting things? Alright, I paint miniatures for a hobby and some of them I posted to Reddit on other communities. I’ve been doing it for quite a long while and have gotten pretty good at it but I know that I can still get better. Sometimes I paint individual minis for friends for D&D or just because. In all honesty, I would normally try to not charge any money for this because I just like to paint but some of my friends are uncomfortable with asking me to do it for free so I ask for as little money as I can. However, when I’m given the model to paint, it sometimes takes me over a month or even two to finish it and get it back to them. This is because of school, work, other miniatures of my own, and getting together with friends where I try to paint but end up not. This doesn’t take up all of my time, though, and I know I can dedicate multiple hours a day to painting and get a model done in just a day or two. I just start painting it, get maybe halfway done, and go to another thing I need to do and end up leaving it unfinished for weeks before I can complete the model. The model always ends up looking good and my friends are happy with the results, but I always feel like I shouldn’t charge them at all if it takes me this long. I’ve brought this up to these same friends and they tell me not to worry about it, but I still feel like I should give each of them their money back. Am I the asshole for basically taking their money and doing nothing for so long?<|response|> NAH &#x200B; As long as you let them know upfront that it will take some time so they understand what they are getting into. <|endoftext|>
85956	4	WIBTA If I complained about being denied my prize? Tonight, at our holiday party, there was a murder mystery event held by an outside troupe. There was a contest to solve the murders, with first place being 4 NFL tickets and second place being a $100 gift card. Three of us tied for first place, so the troupe randomly selected who got first and who got second. I got second! The members of the troupe announced the winners and took pictures with 1st place; grats him! A moment later, our office manager went up and whispered to the MC. He then announced that 3rd place was getting the gift card and I was getting nothing. In a room full of 100 people, I laughed with everyone else and didn't make a scene. After the event, our office manager told me, in front of my boss, that she didn't think I'd mind since I had won a different a contest at Thanksgiving. Again, I didn't feel in a position to complain. But on my ride home, I got annoyed. I feel like, if three of us tied for first, it's on the company to split the prizes up. Did first place really need all 4 tickets? Could it have been 2x $50 gift cards instead? I don't know. I just feel like I lost $100 and it sucks.<|response|> NTA. If the company had an issue with someone winning more than once they should have made rules that stated such beforehand. An example would be, "you may only win a prize once a year.". They didn't. They pulled a fast one by publicly and without warning to you switching the prizes, probably in hopes that you would stay quiet. If three people were the winner, they should have drawn for the winner. I see nothing morally wrong with bringing it up. They didn't warn you otherwise. Be prepared for the officer manager to potentially be pissy though. edited to correct spelling <|endoftext|>
43439	2	AITA for asking him not to tell? So this is my very first post and I believe I'm in the right place. My story starts back on New Years Day 2018, I obviously had been enjoying the festivities with my friends all night and into the early morning. I had been seeing my boyfriend since August at this point and we were making long distance work but had decided to spend the holidays in our hometowns. I had made the choice to take ecstasy that night and I was fleeing, having a great time. We all ended up at my friends flat, there was only 5 of us, and continued the party there. One of the guys I have known since I was 17 and we have been best friends all these years, we were comfortable sharing a bed so when we were finally ready to sleep we went to bed together. We didn't shag, just to make that clear. But we did kiss and fool around a bit. If you don't know ecstasy is also known as the "love drug" which I personally feel is very accurate. You just want to be near people and hold them. So after a few minutes of this I was beginning to feel bad and asked to stop, he kept begging me to keep doing what we were doing. I started to realise I had cheated and I had really fucked up. So yes I am the asshole for this but this is not what I am asking you to judge. I had decided to not tell my bf, to me what had happened was so insignificant and just a messy mistake between friends it was not worth hurting someone over. My "friend" didn't' understand this and wanted to tell my bf. We sat down some time after and I explained how I felt and told him that if I was to tell my bf, and he asked me to chose between him and you, that I would choose my bf. He agreed to not say anything and the incident was forgotten... Until last week when I received a message telling me to tell my bf or he would because of the all the guilt he has. So I have told my bf and we are working through that but I am so hurt and angry that my choice was taken away from me. Out of the blue he decided to drop a bomb on my relationship. Am I The Asshole for wanting to keep this in the past and now cutting out my friend for how this has been handled? &#x200B; P.S I know what I initially did was wrong and I know alcohol and drugs are not an excuse but they do play a big part in what happened.<|response|> YTA "Your choice" was taken away from you? Your choice about whether or not to give your boyfriend the choice of forgiving you or not? Your choice about whether to lie to your significant other? That choice? >I know what I initially did was wrong Do you, though? Because that's not how you talk about it. <|endoftext|>
70499	3	AITA For telling my brother-in-law that he ruined me and my husband’s wedding night? A bit of backstory, my husband’s brother (we’ll call him Tony) is the youngest in their sibling trio. Tony is 29 and got married about 3 years ago. When Tony married his wife, before my now husband and I met, my husband (Larry) did a little “prank” on Tony’s wedding night. Larry got some of that washable car window paint and wrote “just married” on the back and put balloons under a tarp in the bed of the trunk to be lifted. Larry also placed a few boxes of condoms in the truck to be funny. I’ve seen pictures of this myself, if I can find them, I will attach them in an edit. Flash forward to my husband and I’s wedding night, as we were returning to my husbands truck, we noticed Tony did a “prank” of his own. He covered my husbands truck in pink washable paint, put personal lubricant all over the outside and stuck feminine hygiene products all over it. He also threw condoms out of the package inside the truck, threw glitter on both the inside and the outside of the truck, and confetti. My husband and I were outraged, we saw this as going too far and also made my 11 year old daughter very uncomfortable. Tony didn’t see the problem and neither did the family, they all thought it was hilarious. We drove the truck back to the hotel and spent hours cleaning the inside. While we were cleaning, I called Tony and very calmly explained to him that he upset Larry and I and that we had to spend hours cleaning it. I also explained that the wash on the outside of the truck wasn’t going to be cheap, to which Tony said, “use the money I gave you guys for your wedding present for that then.” Which angered me more and I hung up on him. I did not cuss at him nor did I yell. After we spent nearly $50 cleaning the exterior of the truck, I got a very nasty call from Tony in which he called me a b*tch, couldn’t take a joke, and worst of all, felt bad for my daughter that i had an uptight woman like me as her mother. I didn’t say anything back, I just hung up. The next day, I wake up to texts from his family saying that I was too harsh on Tony, that Tony drove 7hrs for our wedding, and he was just “getting Larry back” for what happened at his wedding. Larry told me that he actually deleted texts that Tony sent me over night because he was “embarrassed by what his brother said.” I refuse to talk to Tony and so does my husband until we get an apology for what he did and said. I apologized to Tony for perhaps being too harsh, which I admit, wasn’t a genuine apology. But, I expected an apology back. Instead I got more “poor me” from Tony.<|response|> NTA, and why is everybody just focusing on the prank? This asshole told OP that she is a bitch and feels sorry that her daughter has her for a mother, that is so fucking disrespectful. If OP wasn’t also throwing jabs like this towards him,I would lower contact for a while. <|endoftext|>
41832	2	AITA for taking a later lunch even if it makes it a bit busier for some of my coworkers. So recently my work (grocery store bakery) changed my shifts from 11:30-8 with a lunch at 3:30, to 12:30-9 with a lunch at 4:30. The issue is is that all of the bakery staff are gone by 4. This means I either have to take my lunch an hour early or take it an hour later when the store isn’t busy. I choose to take it later, the issue is that for a half hour the people at the customer service desk have to come and help and that makes it busy for them. I feel a little bit upset at masking them work harder but I don’t feel like I should have to take my lunch super early. At the end of the day I feel like management should make sure that someone’s there when I take my break. So AITA for taking a later lunch and thinking this way?<|response|> NTA. You didn’t make the new rules. <|endoftext|>
73848	3	WIBTA for telling a friend to stay home from a trip if he can't care for himself as expected? Myself and two friends (Mary and Danny for reference) are planning to meet in a US city next weekend where a comic convention we all want to attend will be. Mary is flying in from out of country, and it will also be her birthday. Danny and I are flying each from separate states in the US. The three of us have been good friends for several years. Originally Danny was not going to go to the convention because of finances but Mary and I volunteered to pay his part of the hotel and insisted he still come, Mary just wanted to see a good friend on her birthday. This was decided back in the beginning of the year. Soon after this was decided, Danny found out he would be getting top surgery in the beginning of September, however he specifically said he should still be fine to travel and participate in the con as long as he didn't participate in vigorous activity or have to lift more than 50 pounds. While Mary had also wanted to go to a local theme park as part of her birthday celebration after the con was over, it was decided between the three of us there were lots of other friends we knew in town that Danny would want to hang out with on that day anyways, so it would still be cool for us to go to the theme park (they don't have many where Mary is from). The con is now next weekend and Danny doesn't appear to be healing as fast as expected, still needing to use a wheelchair as he's not able to stand for long periods, and needing someone to push him around as he's not able to push the wheelchair himself due to his incisions. A few of Mary's other friends invited her to see a movie with them the night before I'll get there but Danny is insisting that she stay at the hotel with him instead as he still needs help opening doors and such, and that we shouldn't go to the theme park because he will need help getting around. I'm of the opinion that it's Mary's birthday weekend and she shouldn't have to spend it looking after Danny when he originally assured us he was only going to be limited by vigorous activity & heavy lifting. I don't count doorknobs as vigorous activity - we were understanding no vigorous activity to be like... no gymnastics. There was never any indication that he wouldn't be able to look after himself, which he's now saying. I want to tell him that if he can't care for himself then he shouldn't be traveling cross country, but when I asked another friend she said that if we wanted to see him it shouldn't matter if he needs a wheelchair or needs help, we should be prepared to do that for friends - would we not have invited him if he<|response|> NTA- he’s being really selfish. It’s one thing if he would have told you to not worry about him, but he is trying to make sure everyone accommodates him. <|endoftext|>
54738	2	WIBTA if I tried to get an Ubereats driver fired? I don't know if they can even get fired; AITA for trying? I ordered Ubereats tonight. Right after I had placed the order, I realized the delivery address was set to go to my work, not my house. I called customer service and gave them the correct address. This is before my order was even finished. They called the delivery person to see if she would be willing to bring the order to my house instead of my work. She said no, that she wasn't going to do that, and that she'd deliver the food to my (empty, closed) office instead. Ubereats will compensate the driver for the change. For context, my house is 8 minutes away from the restaurant. My work is 7 minutes away from the restaurant. I called the restaurant, and they said they couldn't cancel my order, but they wrote the correct address on the bag and asked the driver to bring it to the right place. I finally got the driver to answer the phone. She said that Ubereats had never called her, and that she would bring the food to my house. Cool. But then I got a text message that the driver was trying to contact me, I didn't answer the phone, and my order would be cancelled without refund. I called Ubereats and was able to get a refund, but I'm honestly so upset that this woman lied and took my food. I understand if she didn't want to bring it to my house--I could go pick it up at work. But she said she would bring it to my house, and then lied and said I didn't answer the phone when I did. And she got a free meal out of it. WIBTA if I sent another message to Ubereats? I have her name, car type, and a few digits of her license plate.<|response|> NTA. Fuck her, she should have just gone to your house. Report her. <|endoftext|>
30240	3	AITA for suggesting to my wife to sell her bridesmaid dress to a wedding that did not happen? My wife was in three weddings last year... well two technically and currently all of the bridesmaid dresses are just sitting in closet. Two of the weddings (wedding J and K) actually happened. The dress from J got stained at the reception and my wife wants to throw it out without trying to get it cleaned. The dress from K is in great shape and never altered, I said to her why not sell or donate it. Wedding number three never happened, the groom postponed it a week before the wedding and the bride officially called off the relationship and wedding a couple weeks ago. It is a horrible situation full of drama and backstabbing. My wife being in the wedding we already bought shower gifts, paid for part of a bridal shower, Bachelorette party, paid for a dress and put deposit down for hair/make up. All in all about a 1,000 bucks. I suggested to my wife to sell the dress from this wedding to try to recover the costs. She says all I think about is money and that if the bride gets married to someone else she could pick the same dress again. Tl;dr Wife was in a wedding that never happened so I suggested to her to sell her dress from it to try to recover part of the 1,000 dollars we already spent on this wedding.<|response|> NTA IF the woman decides to get married again and IF she asks your wife to be in the wedding again, there's a very real possibility that she won't want to use the same bridesmaids dresses since they'll be tied to the first almost-marriage. I really doubt any bride would want that kind of connection. You're well within your rights to ask her to sell it to try and recoup some of the costs. <|endoftext|>
31878	4	AITA For jokingly telling my girlfriend she belongs in the kitchen and ruining the party? My girlfriend and I are both 27. We have been dating for about 12 years now and love each other to death. We are fortunately doing really well in our respective careers and she became the editor for a major news publication last week:) Since I have a sprain and I cannot help with the food too much, I arranged two parties, one with close friends and family and the other with her new colleagues. The first party went fabulously well, but the second one went to shit. (For me) Me and my girlfriend have this thing of saying jokes that people might consider offensive or sexist but it's just dumb sarcastic fun. If I feel stressed my girlfriend shall give some great advice and then say something like 'but you are a man so the best thing would obviously be just to suck it up' Harmless fun and it lightens the mood because we are a goofy couple. Back to where I left, her work colleagues came to the second party. It was going fabulously well for the most part and they seemed like good people. I was leaning against the door and my girlfriend got up to serve the salad. I asked her where she was going and she replied by asking me to move aside to let her go to the kitchen. I just whispered 'oooh back where you belong, finally!' under my breath by moving close to her ear. She giggled and gave a sarcastic sure, I cracked a smile. I wished it was the end of story. But somehow a colleague was like a feet away from us the exact moment I said that. She confronted my girlfriend in the kitchen saying that she was in a 'mentally abusive' relationship. My girlfriend explained her it was just a dumb thing and she was really happy. But this coworker goes from one person to another throughout the party and everyone basically looks at me in disdain or ignores me. Now on the first day of my girlfriend's job, everyone is really sympathetic to her and telling her it would be nice to break up with me because I am a terrible boyfriend while I am face palming to no end. I just wanted an honest opinion on the matter. It would genuinely help,thanks!<|response|> NTA since that's how you and your girlfriend joke with each other. Though if I were you, I'd avoid making those jokes in front of people you don't know well and who don't know how you interact with each other. Your girlfriend's new co-workers sound pretty sanctimonious though. Especially since she's already explained that you two were joking. <|endoftext|>
144081	4	WIBTA If I accepted payment from my retired grandparents? I’m genuinely torn about this. On mobile so apologies for formatting. So, my family is going on vacation in a few weeks, but the plans were set in motion months ago. I was originally on the fence about going, leaning towards going, but then I learned my grandmother suddenly didn’t want to go. My grandmother has a youngish cat (that my family gave her) and she was terrified that the friend she asked to look after him would forget and he’d starve or get locked out of the house. My grandmother deals with some anxiety, and so do I. I also love her very dearly and the thought of her being so worried and missing out on time with her whole family made me sad, so I volunteered to stay at her house and look after the cat and the house as a whole. She was overjoyed and so grateful. I swear once a week she asks me if I’m sure about staying behind, but I really don’t mind, even if it means missing out on a week of pay. I intended to eat the loss, as I live at home. The thing is though, my mom recently told me that she thinks my grandparents are going to attempt to pay me for house/cat sitting. She told me I shouldn’t accept the money under any circumstances as they are retired and living off my grandfathers benefits and a little income from substitute teaching. I’m very fortunate to live at home, so money isn’t a *huge* deal, but it still matters. I’m a college student, and I only work part time. I have a lot of debt from medical and college bills. It took longer than expected to find the job I have now and it’s not much money. I’m trying to keep myself healthy by paying for the healthy food my family doesn’t buy and paying for a gym membership. I do recognize that they also don’t have much money (something my mom reminds me of every Christmas) and I feel guilty, but if they’re able to pay me I would like to accept, and I’d be okay with not getting paid. So, WIBTA for taking their money?<|response|> NAH, because you’re taking off work to do this. If it wasn’t going to cost you anything, I’d say don’t accept the money. But you are making a big financial sacrifice in addition to your time and energy to give your gma some peace of mind. I think it’s ok if they’d like to do something for you too, if it’s not going to hurt them. Edit: NTA => NAH (gma sounds like a sweet =) <|endoftext|>
28894	3	AITA for potentially ruining my mother’s only long term relationship by interrupting her during sex?- Throwaway because a few people know this story so I’d like to keep it away from my main. This happened a few years ago but I still feel bad about it and get mixed responses when I bring it up, so here goes. My parents split when I was 3 so I was raised by a single mother most of my life. When I was a teenager, she came out to me as a lesbian (nbd, as soon as I learnt what a “stereotypical lesbian” looked like as a kid, I remember thinking, “huh, like my mum.” so I kinda guessed). She never really dated though, just a few people here and then. When I was 23, she got into her first long term relationship since my father. The woman was really nice and they got on really well, no issue with her whatsoever. One night they came home drunk at about 1am from a date. Now, my mother rarely gets drunk. I’ve seen her drunk about twice in my life and we go out drinking together quite a bit. But she was very drunk, very loud and I could hear her laughter 3 floors up. I had to get up at 6am for work, so I rolled over hoping they’d shut up and go to bed soon. They did. I’m almost falling back to sleep when I hear moaning. Loud moaning. My mum and her girlfriend have very different voices so I can just instinctively tell that it’s her and not the girlfriend. I try to put a pillow over my head and ignore it, I try to hum to myself, I can’t wear earplugs because I’ll miss my alarms. It’s not so loud it would be keeping me awake but it’s the nature of the sound that’s reverberating through my skull and preventing me from sleeping. It’s about 2am now and it’s not stopping. I really need sleep and I feel kind of insane from listening to this for nearly an hour. I decide I have to stop it, so I call the house phone which is next to her bed. I hear silence for a few seconds while it rings, then she answers very quietly with “Hello?” and I just say, “Sorry, I really need to sleep, I have work in the morning.” She says sorry and I hang up. Dead silence. I fall asleep. I don’t see the girlfriend again. At all. My mother and I never mention it. Two months later, they break up. A year or so passes and we’re talking about the girlfriend and my mum makes a comment about how “she was always embarrassed to come over again after that night” and I feel awful. I just wanted to sleep without hearing my mother’s sex noises. I tried to think of the least invasive way to do it, hoping she could’ve made an excuse or something instead of telling her it was me hearing them, but I guess she<|response|> NAH You just wanted to sleep and it isn't as if you walked in the room. It's a shame that they broke up, but you shouldn't blame yourself for it. <|endoftext|>
173352	4	AITA for saying I would wear my mom's wedding dress under one condition? So this came up during dinner the other night, and I am wondering if what I had requested makes me come across as an asshole. My mom thinks so (or at least like a bridezilla). When my parents got married back in the 80s, my mom wore a big, poofy white gown that was in style at the time. It's like Princess Diana's dress, but with more lace and frills. After the wedding, she had it packed up with the intention of saving it for any future daughters to use (i.e. Me). It's 2019. We're talking about weddings at the dinner table (boyfriend has been hinting at it for a while now), when my mom says that when the time comes, she would love to see me wear her old dress. I understand why she would want to see me in it, but I'm not keen on the idea. One of the reasons is because it's just not my taste, and the other is because when you look at the dress, you know it came from the 80s. It is what you imagine the quintessential 80s wedding dress would look like, minus the teased hairstyle and frosted lipstick. It would look anachronistic in a setting with more modern fashions and wedding styles, as if the bride accidentally walked into a time slip and came out of it into 2019. Here's how things went: Me: Sure, I'll wear it. Mom: Great! Me: But on one condition... that the bridal party and the groomsmen wear clothes based on 80s wedding fashion, with an 80s themed wedding reception to follow. I'm a history teacher who loves doing research into different time periods and eras, so researching wedding trends, music, tech, and fashion from the 1980s and then recreating it would be fun. And I'm not so worried about my boyfriend and friends being opposed to the idea because they know how much I love history and historical reenactment (not to mention some of them partake it in themselves... one used to work at Williamsburg and boyfriend is a Civil War reenactor). My mom wasn't big on the idea. She thinks that the idea of an 80's themed wedding is stupid and that I sound like a bridezilla for suggesting that the wedding party go through with the idea. TL:DR: AITA for saying I'd wear my mom's wedding dress from the 80s under the condition that everyone else wears 80s fashion with an 80's themed reception to follow? Edit (11/11): Jesus Christ this blew up!<|response|> NTA It’s your day! You do you! Another option is to take it to a talented seamstress to de-puff the sleeves, take the bow off the ass (I’m guessing) and see what else can be done to bring the dress into this century. If that’s possible. <|endoftext|>
48505	3	AITA for stealing my (19F) ex's (20M) $200 concert tickets This is my first post on Reddit so I'm kinda nervous but I've had mixed feeling about this for a while and need to get it off my chest. Me and my ex met when we were 18 and went out for 15 months. The relationship wasn't great but I still really cared for him. Whilst we were still together I bought concert tickets for him because he was busy at the time they went on sale and he gave me the money for them when he next saw me. Our breakup was pretty smooth, we both agreed it was for the best and said we would still stay friends. Fast forward about a month and a half, he goes on a drunk rant about how he only stayed with me for sex, never really loved me and how bad of a person I am for smoking when I drink and going to clubs. The argument blows up and long story short I tell him I don't want to talk to him again, unfriend him and his family on social media. 5 months after this fight (about 7 months after I've bought the tickets and 2 weeks before the concert), I get am email saying I can now print off the tickets. I hadn't spoken to him since the fight and not once in those 7 months had he mentioned the tickets (Worth about $200 for both). He owed me about $250 from me helping him out after falling on hard times. If he'd asked me for the tickets I would have given him them provided he gave me the $250 he owed me but he never asked, so I gave them to my dad as an early birthday present instead. He messages me the day after the concert but I blocked him without reading the message. The band was only doing 3 concerts in the country and they were all sold out so I doubt he got other tickets.<|response|> Im torn. I mean possession is 9 tenths of the law. They went to your email. Should you have mentioned it to him...yeah. Should he have mentioned them...yes. So im torn.....im gonna go with ESH <|endoftext|>
108939	4	AITA for not wanting my gf to know my online banking password? EDIT (from the female) I realized I buried the lead and made this much longer than needed so here it all is in a nutshell. He revealed his infidelity & deception to me 1.5 years ago. I learned he was essentially living a double life. He had 2 cell phones, 2 e-mail addresses, etc. Basically he put me in the exact same position his ex-fiance put him in. He could never get rid of the doubt that his ex didn't stop cheating on him and wanted to know what measures I would need from him to make me feel like he stopped. Some of those measures including the phone call recording app, a location tracking app and the ability to review his banking transactions to see if there was anything else amiss. In the name of being fully transparent, I installed the same apps on my phone too and gave him my banking info. To be clear, I have never looked at his bank accounts, except 1.5 years ago when this all happened. I have never seen any statements since. He gave me his password then. But I didn't write it down or anything. I just typed it directly into the browser. So, fast forward 1.5 years and today he won't tell me his steam password when I was logging us in the play because it is the same as his bank account. And it set off a trigger of doubt in me. For those commenting on our relationship, it is a very strong & healthy relationship. You are seeing but a sliver of it...the darkest sliver. The rest of the original post is below /EDIT ////////////////////////////////////////////////////// We want to describe both sides in detail, point by point, to stay neutral for more accurate feedback &#x200B; |Her Concerns - Point|His Concerns - Counterpoint| |:-|:-| |1. Not sharing bank passwords implies mistrust and implies that he feels that I could use the information to harm him. |1. Not sharing my bank password does not imply mistrust, it implies my personal thresholds for security and trust are different than hers. | |2. I share all my passwords with him, even my bank password, because I trust him. Yes, it is true that I use the same password (or variation) for everything. But even if I used a different password for banks, I would share it with him. |2. She shares all her passwords with everyone because all her passwords are the same exact password, from Netflix and WIFI, to serious accounts like banks. I have a higher threshold for security than her. I use my strongest password for any account that has access to my debit card, such as Steam. | |3. My ex-husband (with whom I share 2 children) hid money from me in an account I didn't know about while I shared all of my money with him. At the time, I thought we were living paycheck to paycheck and was always worried about making ends meet. I want full<|response|> YTA for having her man the computer without having the login info ready. Also, you didn't have to tell her that it was the same as your banking! I think that both of your concerns are valid, and overall, you just have two different life experiences and expectations of what kind of relationship you will have, in terms of privacy concerns. If you're doing something because it is important to you, then it shouldn't be done because you expect reciprocation. Those are two different rationale for doing things. You two either need couples counseling or to breakup. Your relationship sounds like a trust black hole. <|endoftext|>
190379	4	AITA For being sick of my grieving friend's shit? So my friend has lost a parent, and although I have been there for her over the last 6 months, like, at the drop of a hat I'll be there with tissues, dinner, just to talk etc, it's really wearing me down. I don't have the mental capacity to continue talking about the same stuff that makes her sad. It's all day texts, I haven't had a night by myself in weeks she keeps coming over to cry. I don't know what else to do and it's pissing me off. I have lost both parents so I know how much it hurts, but I talked it out for a few weeks each time and then moved on. She is getting therapy when she can afford it, but she's so angry and makes huge scenes when she doesn't get her way, when someone mentions their mother or just if I mention going on a date or anything normal. I know it's tough but shes a fucking adult, and I'm not a carer. I'm just over it.<|response|> NAH, but by making yourself so available you've inadvertently put out the message that you're at their beck and call. Gently establish some boundaries by not being so available. If she asks about it just say you've been busy. <|endoftext|>
101658	4	AITA for not telling my grandparents I'm an atheist? I usually stay with my grandparents on weekends and during my summer break, and they are devout Christians, as is most of my family. Up until about 3 years ago, I was a Christian as well. However, I still go to church with them out of respect for them and fear of what could happen if they knew I was an Atheist. Am I an asshole in this situation? Edit: Wording.<|response|> I wouldn't let them know. They'll be happier not knowing, and so will you. <|endoftext|>
117620	3	AITA For refusing to go over the coupon limit for someone's disabled mom? I work as a cashier and cashiers always get the blame for company policy. At the store I work at sends out text promotions occasionally to people who sign up with the text club. The deal on this day was 2 lobster tails for $5 with a limit of two. Lobster is super expensive so two for $5 is an amazing deal. People often come in and try a variety of different thing to get around coupon limits, splitting their order into two, having their kids pay for it at a different line, coming in a second time that day. In cashier training our managers tell us all these ways people try to get around the limits and tells us that if we catch someone doing it we should not let them do so. The second order on my shift I run into a problem. A mom and her kid come to my line and I notice that not only did they split their order into two, they actually split it into three. I let the first two slide since "Two lobster tails for $5 (Limit 2)" could be interpreted as 2 orders of two lobster tails. Once I got to the third order however, I told them that the coupon says limit of two. Mom: "Yes, but I split it into three orders" Me: "Ma'am, according to company policy I can not let you have the coupon for this order. I can scan it through at the normal price for you however." Mom: "Look, I'm shopping for my disabled mother who can not leave the house so the coupon is really for her." Me: "Unfortunately, in order for the coupon to be redeemed I would need her to be present with her own code." Mom: "What do you not understand about she can't leave the house? Just let me have the lobster tails." Me: "Ma'am, I'm sorry but I can't go against company policy." Mom: "Well, I'll just leave and come back in then."Me: "Feel free two ma'am, but if I recognize you I still wont give you the deal." Mom: "Just give me the deal, because I can always just leave and come back." Me: "Ma'm, if you leave and come back and I don't see you there is nothing I can do, but for now I can't scan it at the deal price." (At this point I turn on my flashing light, which notifies the managers in the area that I need help) Mom: "You scanned the first two orders, just scan the third one, my mother is disabled and she can't leave the house" (My manager walks by and I get her attention) Manager: Is there something wrong? Me: "Yes, this customer split their order into three to avoid the coupon limit" Mom: "Look, my mom is at home and we need to bring the lobster tails home for dinner tonight, it says limit of two, so two for my son, two for me, and<|response|> NTA. You’re following policy and doing your job. <|endoftext|>
113619	4	AITA for wanting to have female friends when I have a girlfriend? So I (20M) have been dating my SO (20F) for 5 months now. I’m having a couple issues that I’ve been battling with. When we first started dating, things were great. As the relationship developed, she started to get more strict on things that she didn’t want me to do. The thing that is bothering me the most is that she doesn’t want me to talk to, or look at any other girl. She accuses me of checking out other girls more often than I would like her to. Most of the time, it feels random and I don’t know where it’s coming from. I never check out other girls. I’ve been accused of looking at other girls because i was scrolling through Netflix and SFW websites looking for something to watch. I’ve told her that this behaviour seems unfair to me because I don’t like it when she gets mad at me for things that I didn’t do. She denies that she’s mad and says she’s just asking a question but most of the time she either questions it a lot and has a very hard time believing me, or takes out some anger on me for it, especially when she thinks I’m looking at my ex(who we’ve walked by a few times in public). She says that it’s not a problem because she’s allowed to ask me about something that is bothering her. I’ve tried gently telling her that I think this is a sign of a jealousy problem but she took it very badly. I don’t think I have done anything to make her feel like I check out other girls. I don’t watch porn and I deleted instagram because my use of the app made her uncomfortable (i followed a lot of girls that i’m friends with/ have met). Another issue is that she doesn’t want me to talk to any other girls. Specifically, I have 3 female friends that I have been platonic friends with for many years and my SO doesn’t want me to talk to them. I don’t intend to spend regular one on one time with them. Two of those friends live away and I see them a couple times a year. I hung out with them once since we have been dating (in a group with 3 other guys) and my SO did not handle it well. She said that for her, it’s just as bad as cheating. I haven’t talked to either of them since, and it makes me feel bad because from their perspective, I’ve cut them off for no reason. The third friend I have seen once in public since we’ve been dating. I talked to her for 10 minutes and she made me feel horrible cause she said “apparently we’re not friends anymore.” This was in reference to the fact that she has sent me snapchats but I never respond because my SO would be mad if I did that. My SO says i should not even<|response|> NTA - Run for the hills. This is not a normal request. It’s not like you’re spending one on one time with a girl you’re attracted to. They are your friends and you shouldn’t have to give them up because she is insecure. If you think it’s a great relationship, I’d try and get your gf to meet up with your friends so she can have more of a relationship with them too. <|endoftext|>
178613	4	AITA for letting my friend not know what drug he was on because he snooped? The other AITA post about a mother snooping and eating edibles made me think of my own incident a couple of years ago. I don't really do drugs other than psychedelics, and not often. More research chemicals than anything, I have a nice little collection because I like to collect them. I have a little box with compartments of several different RCs. My favorite is 4-aco-dmt, something similar to mushrooms. This one time I had a pouch of it out of my stash because I planned to use some later. My then friend was over at my place and when I stepped out to run to the corner store, he took some. He made a line and snorted it, thinking it was cocaine. He'd never done cocaine before, neither have I. Why he'd experiment with an unknown drug is beyond me. He insufflated about 250mg of 4-aco-dmt when I find an active dose around 15mg and a heavy dose 50mg. Something to note is the ROA for 4-aco-dmt is not typically insufflation because it's extremely painful. I get back to my friend screaming out obscenities and when I could make him speak coherently he told me what he did. I kicked him out because a) why would you do that, b) I don't want to deal with this because I can be liable, and c) I had family coming over later. I didn't tell him what he took, I just told him to go home now before it comes up and try to go to sleep. I haven't spoken to him since, in fact he never checked in with me. All I know is he was alright in the end. Some bullet points: 4-aco-dmt isn't illegal here and it's not dangerous, even at high doses. Was I the asshole here?<|response|> ESH He shouldn't be looking through your stuff, much less taking drugs. What if it was actually medication? But you're a colossal AH. Whether he was in danger or not, not telling him what it was means that if he'd gone to hospital he wouldn't have been able to identify it to them. Also, you said it causes a lot of pain? This dude was in a lot of pain and you didn't tell him why? He's bad, but you're far worse for your attitude towards very warranted panic. <|endoftext|>
47222	3	AITA for not missing work to be at my girlfriends tattoo appointment So a year ago my gifriend booked an appointment for a sleeve tattoo with a very difficult to book artist. Its her second tattoo but way bigger than her first. Since we booked it a lot has changed, most recently we both moved and started new jobs. When i started my new job i arranged to get that day off to drive her there and back (50 miles each way) and for support and nerves. This has been the plan since day 1. Her appointment is now this upcoming Monday and my work is on fire. Our general manager quit with no notice, the schedule is changing effective immediately, and our new manager starts the same day as her appointment. I have been told previous days requested cant be honored for that day because of everything happening on top of it being the last day of our financial quarter in sales. I have nothing in writing from the previous manager to back up me having it off either. Ive explained to her that it puts me in a really uncomfortable situation to fight for a day off when everyone else is expected to be there and i feel like it starts me off on the wrong foot with new management. Im also the newest employee here. All in all it sucks and i feel horrible for having to back out so close to her appointment but i feel that its out if my control and it is what it is. I dont think a tattoo appointment is worth making a big deal about at a job I've only been at 1 month. She is very upset, which im understanding of but im still not planning to escalate this with my work for the time off. Her whole stance is that im being extremely unsupportive, that i wont be at this job for much longer (planning to leave end of summer), and that i should fight for the day considering how long ago we made the plans. She pays for most things and feels like i shouldnt worry about possibly losing money or sales. My whole stance is that I don't want to risk my position here and start off on the wrong foot day 1 with new management. I would be the only person off that day and would likely miss important meetings and possibly sales. Im too new to have a strong case to make as to why i should be able to be off, and none of this was within my control. I dont feel i can be called unsupportive when i had made evey effort to be there for her. At the end of the day i love her more than any job but i also need to look out for my success at work for us to have a future together in the first place. So reddit, AITA for not pushing for the day off or should i start begging my managers to reconsider? Tdlr; had<|response|> NTA- it would be different if it was medical related, but your circumstances at work have changed and this is not a "I need to be there" thing. She is being unreasonable imo. <|endoftext|>
193655	5	AITA for implying my girlfriend is fat? Context: Me: Lesbian. Also, I am fat. My girlfriend at the time (we've broken up, this argument happened back in September and it still sticks with me) is also, well, fat. I'm very positive about the fact that I'm fat and I think I'm attractive and have a soul and a mind and it just isn't that big a deal. I just don't shy away from being fat. So we were in bed having the following conversation... Me: I hate when people try to tell me I'm not fat as if it's a compliment. But it's honestly more insulting to be lied to about the way I am because it makes anybody uncomfortable to just accept people as they plainly are. Her: They're just trying to be nice. Me: Yes, I know, but they're lying to me about it. Like I look in the mirror and can see myself quite clearly. I also know that the words "fat" and "beautiful" are not mutually exclusive. Like when you look at other fat people like Adele or Lizzo, don't you think like, damn, they're fine? Her: Are you calling me fat? Me: Like don't you think other fat people are good looking? Her: I can't believe you're calling me fat right now. Me \*confused af\*: I asked if you think other fat people are good looking? Her: Yeah, and you phrased it as "when you look at other fat people..." you're implying I'm fat. Like if you ask someone what they think about "other blue people" you're implying they're blue too. Me: I don't understand. Do you prefer the word heavy? Her: I can't believe you right now. Me: I can't believe you right now either! Like sincerely, do you think it's a bad thing to be fat? Her: OBVIOUSLY it's a bad thing to be fat! Me: I didn't realize you lived in this world where fatness is associated with ugliness. That's not gonna work for me. Like, I'M fat. Her: You're not fat! But you are calling me fat right now. Me: I guess we just have very different perspectives on the world. I'm honestly not going to compromise my worldview over this conversation, though, so I think I should leave. Her: And now you're leaving me?! Me: I'm getting a little upset and heated now because we can't agree and, yeah, I need to leave before I say something actually mean. From here the conversation just went back and forth on whether or not I should leave, and my girlfriend started crying and bringing up abandonment issues. I decided to stay and apologized for speaking rashly and not realizing we had such different perspectives. We did break up like a month later. Despite it's long been over, I can't stop thinking about this one conversation. I refuse to compromise on my values and not speak plainly to appease society's discomfort with different body types and sizes. But maybe I could've stated my case more sensitively? Idk, AITA?<|response|> YTA— if you want people to use certain language about your body with you, you should respect the same in them. You want to be called fat— great! She doesn’t want to be called fat— also fine. If she is struggling with body image issues you going “you’re fat, accept being fat, you’re fat, you’re not going to change my viewpoint of how you’re fat” isn’t exactly helping anyone. Is it honest? Sure! But honesty without tact is just cruelty. And in your effort to empower yourself and your girlfriend you instead minimized her feelings, her self image, and her viewpoint, and with it her body. Which, you know, you usually don’t do to someone you care about. Or at least when you realize it you take a step back rather than doubling down. <|endoftext|>
66870	4	AITA for not teaching my kids their grandparents foreign language? Hello, I'm posting this at the urging of my wife. She is from Russia, immigrated here when she was 5, met me, an American, at school and we got married. Her family is all bilingual, with the exception of her parents, who only speak russian. We have two kids, and they grow up in our english speaking house. I do not speak russian nor does my wife consider russian her primary language, as she was brought up in the English school system. Her parents persistently yell at her about how terrible we are for not teaching the kids to speak russian. It's not a question of if it's possible, I'm sure it is if we switch to speaking russian in our house. That seems like a stretch though, as it's not her primary language, we live in America, I do not speak russian, we are not involved with any other russians. Why is it not their responsibility to learn english, so they can communicate with everyone, including the individuals from this country, as opposed to our entire family learning russian to speak to just two people. AITA?<|response|> ESH. * Grandparents for being assholes in how they demand yiu to teach them Russian * You for not considering other possibilities of teaching them Russian (speaking it at home isnt the only way). Also the mentality you're portraying in this post (why dont they learn English) sounds assholish and selfish. Yiud do a service to your children if you make an effort to help them learn Russian. Not only would they be able to talk to their grandparents but also have a skillset thatd be extremely useful in the future. I've lost count to how many of my friends regret not learning their native tongue. <|endoftext|>
170359	3	AITA for not wanting to skip class to go to a concert with my girlfriend? Months ago my girlfriend and I bought tickets to see a concert in January. I was unaware that I'd be going back to college so soon, so I bought the tickets thinking I'd have free time in January. I've decided to go back to college for the Winter semester. My college semester begins in January and I will have classes during the week. I told my girlfriend that I will not skip class if the concert happens to be on a day when I have class. She is now giving me the silent treatment and is being generally unpleasant to me. She said, "If it were me, I'd skip class for you" but I don't care. I don't want to miss a class and fall behind just to see a concert. It's not even a certainty that I can't go to the concert as I haven't recieved my course schedule yet, but my girlfriend is reacting as if I told her that I cannot go for certain. Am I the asshole?<|response|> College may work differently where you are. Every place I know of in the US, you sign up for courses, and the days/time that the class meets are listed. You know exactly what your schedule will be. You may be waitlisted if the class is full...but regardless, you're picking the classes and signing up for specific sections. <|endoftext|>
109023	4	AITA for not wanting to give my GF's brother a christmas gift after he didn't invite me to dinner? So my GF and I have been together for 7 years and we're planning to move in together next year (we're both 26). His brother (32) recently moved in with his GF and never had a chance to have a proper housewarming dinner until now. We've talked multiple times about what to cook at said dinner, how I was gonna make his favourite cake (I'm a baker) and other general plans. Last night my girlfriend let me know that the housewarming dinner was going to be held on thursday but that he wished to invite only family and that he specifically asked that I didn't come because it was too much of a special moment. My Girlfriend also let me know that he didn't buy me a gift this year (when questioned he said it was weird to give gifts to your sister's boyfriend). I bought him a very rare edition of his favourite book but honestly I don't feel like giving it to him now, what he said and did made me feel like after 7 years I'm still not considered family and that hurt. So AITA for not wanting to give him his Christmas gift? EDIT: My GF defended me and got into a fight with him, and she won't be attending the dinner<|response|> NTA Your girlfriend is the asshole for not calling her brother out about it. I wouldn't let my brother decide who was important enough to accompany me to a family gathering. <|endoftext|>
3154	2	AITA For Leaving a Bad (but honest) Review? So I brought my brand new vehicle (8 months old; \~7,000 miles) if for it's first oil change and tire rotation at a dealership that sells this vehicle, though it was not the one I purchased it from. I was initially told this work would take an hour. However, after two hours went by, I was approached by ones of the service managers. She informed me that the mechanic broken one of the locking wheel nuts and it would take a few more hours to get it off. Apparently, he tried to get if off with an impact gun, which you should never do. I told her that was fine, accidents happen, but I needed a loaner to get me to work since I had a meeting that day. She told me they couldn't get me a loaner, but someone from the dealership would drive me to work. I told her that was fine. So the guy brings me to work (nice guy, by the way) and all is well. I made it to my meeting. Then it all starts to go wrong. About an hour after getting to work, I get a call from the same service manager. Apparently, they would have to keep my vehicle overnight because they would have to drop the rear axle and hammer the wheel off. Now I'm getting concerned and frustrated. I told her that was fine but I really needed a loaner and would like to come see my vehicle before they did that work. She told me that they would have a loaner to me when I got off at 5:00 PM and that I could definitely come by and look at it. So the day goes on, I'm worried about my vehicle, and frustrated that this simple service is turning into a multi-day project. So I get the loaner and drive to the dealership. First of all, my vehicle is not sitting in a mechanic bay, but in front of the dealership. Second of all, there are chunks of metal missing from my wheel. The mechanic told me that they tried to hammer and chisel the broken pieces off the stud. As a car guy, I almost cried. Third of all, the mechanic hands me the piece of the locking nut that did break off and says, "Did you want to keep this as a souvenir?" I played it off as a joke, but I almost blew up in her face for thinking this was something to laugh about. But I kept calm and left the dealership. The next day, I get a call from the service department. It was the guy that drove me to work. Says they got the wheel off, but are ordering me a new wheel (that they are paying for) because they damaged the original one. They said it would it be in and installed on Saturday (today). First phone call I get this morning is from the service manager, "Hey. We've had more issues. We broke an axle<|response|> You posted a public bad review while they still have your car? Silly rabbit... <|endoftext|>
19810	3	WIBTA for cutting ties with my mom for stealing? Hi everybody, apologies in advance for formatting - not on mobile, I've just never been good at it. My mom has a history of doing really shady things and then coming up with decent reasons when she gets caught. When I was growing up, she'd take money out of my piggy bank every now and then and claim that it was going towards my college fund (Which, I found out when it was time to go to college, did not exist). When I would get checks for my birthday from family members, she would cash them and then use the money to buy my birthday presents (which she assured me was totally reasonable because I was still getting something). As a family we weren't exactly hurting for money. We lived in the middle class area of a nice town, always had food and heat, etc. But my mother was/is absolutely terrible at handling money. It's not that she doesn't know what to do with it, it's that she spends it on clothes, cigarettes, and drinks with her friends the second she gets it. Which meant that when she needed money for food, rent, and taxes, she would "borrow" (steal) money from me and my sisters. Her lack of financial responsibility played a huge part in us having to move out of that middle class neighborhood to go live in a dangerous area, where her bad spending habits continue to this day. Fast forward to today. I've long since moved out of the house and made it on my own a state away from her. I'm going grocery shopping when I stop to check on my bank account and see that a check for $250 has been taken out. I rack my brain trying to think of any checks I'd written recently but I can't think of any. Then I remember that I can take a look at a picture of the check with the mobile app, and what I saw made my blood boil. More backstory: There was a small student loan that she had taken out in her name for me, and I told her I'd be paying for it. She told me that the easiest way to do that would be for me to pre-sign a few checks for the monthly amount ($50) for her to send into the account every month. Obviously wary of this given her history but not wanting to insult her, I agreed, but watched her fill out the check to make sure it was going to the right place. When I wrote in the dollar amounts, I lined out the unused space on the line so that nothing could be added - or so I thought. When I looked at the picture of the check, it was one of the ones I had pre-signed for $50. Except that she had written THROUGH THE LINEOUT the words "Two hundred and" in front of the "fifty", and then cashed it herself. I was blown away - both that<|response|> NTA at all. tbh if my family pulled that i would still press charges because that’s not okay. <|endoftext|>
36300	5	AITA for not wanting to change my gaming habits? Am I the asshole? Hi I haven’t really post in here before but here we go. My girlfriend (24F) and I (24M) have been together for about five years of which we have lived a lot of our time in share houses or separate places however we have recently moved into an apartment together. I feel like things have been going really well apart from a particular issues we keep coming back to which is that we don’t spend enough quality time together. I work full time shift work and study part time on the side, she is a full time student and works a few days ever week. Despite this we do get some opportunities to spend time together however I often feel tired or simply don’t want to go out sometimes. We now have an agreement to make a date every month to go out and do something together which I think is a good thing. Tonight we had a similar argument which started off about my gaming. I play video games 2-3 times a week for maybe 2-3 hours and I wouldn’t consider myself a heavy gamer. It initially felt like she was trying to control the time I spent gaming which made me feel angry and like I was being spoken to as a child. The argument soon came to the crux of the issue which was her feeling like we don’t spend enough quality time together. To me it seems that We spend a lot of time together however this time isn’t spent doing something like going to dinner or going out but its often just spent talking to one another. I feel like her view on quality time is very different to mine and even somewhat misshapen by movie culture which dictates that a man should take his women out on dates all the time (which I think is a very archaic ideal). Although she hasn’t said it, I feel like she wants me to give up gaming when I think the real problem is that she isn’t happy with the time we are spending together. Gaming for me is a strong connection to my friendship group. I also don’t know how to make the time we are spending together more of what she needs. To me, quality time together is irrespective of what you are actually doing at the time but more about the talking, care, consideration, love that you share and show for someone else. I am standing strong in my opinion that my gaming habbits don’t need to change. Am I being an asshole?<|response|> INFO--are you saying you game for 2-3 hours a week or 6-9? And when are these hours? Prime-date time or more off hours? From your schedules, it sounds like the two of you do not have much overlap time. If you are taking 2-3 hours/week to be with your friends online, I would totally understand that. If it is 6-9, I get why she is upset, especially if it is over dinner/evening time several nights a week. You're right--it isn't about the gaming, it is about spending time with you. Some suggestions for compromise: \-Is it possible to make your gaming at a time when the two of you wouldn't be doing stuff together anyway? For example, maybe she likes to watch netflix from 9-11 or something? \-As for things to do together: Make a list of all the parks in your city/town. Go for a walk in each one and take a picture Hop on groupon for some cheap and fun activities Is there a type of fast food you like (chicken tenders or burgers)? Make a ranking of your top-10 places to get it in your city Google "date ideas" <|endoftext|>
162644	2	WIBTA if I ask my husband to pick our daughter up sometimes? Sorry for the formatting (mobile) We both work full time, and since my work is on the way to the daycare I've been picking up and dropping off our daughter before and after work every day. My commute is 50 minutes in the morning and 60 in the evening with rush hour. His work commute is 5 minutes but he would have to travel more than I do to pick our daughter up. Though it still would be a total of 45 minutes round trip (he gets off at 2 so lighter traffic) I get off at 5 but between finishing up with clients, rush hour, and daycare business I usually don't get home until 7 which doesn't leave me with a lot of time left in my day. I'm fine taking her in the mornings since i start work later than he does, but would it be fair to ask him to pick her up sometimes so I can have a little more to my day? Edit 2: now that I've seen some replies, I see this might have been a question better suited for relationship advice! But thank you everyone for your judgments it helps me feel better about taking it to him and working it out!<|response|> NTA. If he finishes work at 2, why isn’t he picking her up and spending some time with her? <|endoftext|>
78403	5	AITA for asking for one meat item at my/gf friends-giving event My Girlfriend wanted to host a friends-giving event at our place. during the planning I realized she wants it to be an all vegetarian/vegan event most of her friends are vegan but the friends I intended to invite including myself am not. I asked that we have one meat item, Turkey or Brisket and everything else could be vegan. She basically threw a fit and doesnt even want to have the event now because any meat product would be triggering essentially to her and her friends. I normally try to accommodate her and we eat mostly vegetarian food except when we go out for dinner. but am I the Ass hole here, wanting one comfort meat item that i have grown up with for our thanksgiving meal? Edit: looks pretty clear NTA but I would like to hear a counter thought if anyone was Vegan/Vegetarian or just had differing opinion. Thank you for the comments<|response|> Hi! I'm the vegan opinion you were looking for. So obviously NTA. I've been on-off vegetarian for over a decade, full vegan now. I did it for health (I cannot process animal products that well) and as an ethical choice. I personally am not offended when my family and friends eat meat, because you know it isn't my problem. If I was hosting an event my family was coming to, I'd have animal products. That's what they eat and I respect their choice. In the same way at event they have, they offer vegan options and respect my choice. I have never and doubt I will ever, understand vegans who loose their minds over this. <|endoftext|>
184487	4	AITA- first Christmas hosting my nephew is incredibly rude. AITA for wanting him to apologise. I’ll try to keep this short. My boyfriend and I, both 27, offered to host Christmas this year for my brothers their partners (all in their 30s) 3 kids (5,3,1) and my parents. We planned it months in advance. Bought everyone presents and stockings. Provided a 2 course meal on Xmas eve, 3 course lunches on Xmas day and Boxing Day and all the evening meals and snacks and drinks throughout the day and they all stayed over. We asked for nothing in return and were very very very excited about doing it. A lot of energy, effort and money went into it. With lots of special treats for everyone. I think we did a fantastic job, ppl had a great time the food was out on time and got great compliments from everyone however... My nephew (5) was an utter mare throughout and was incredibly rude to the point that if I’d done that as a kid I would’ve been sent to bed or at least told off. My brother didn’t even tell him off instead telling me “he’s a kid don’t be offended”. Highlights of what he did (by no means an exhaustive list). - he called all the food disgusting before he even tried it. Not just once. Everything that went in front of him “I’m not eating that. It’s disgusting”. - he threw a present (not from us) on the floor screaming that he didn’t want it cuz it was rubbish - he complained about the Lego in his stocking being “not the one I asked for” - he opened other people’s presents because he wanted to get to his faster... we lost track of who they were for / from. - when more guests came over he sat in the lounge shouting “where’s my present??” At no point did his parents tell him off. I called him out a couple of times saying If he has nothing nice to say he shouldn’t say anything. But then I was told by my brother to not say anything and to not be offended. So AITA for wanting my nephew to apologise for his behaviour? Should I have expected it? When I was a 4/5 I once told my aunty that I don’t like pork “because it chewy”. I got instantly scoulded because they thought I was insulting my aunts cooking. Genuinely wasn’t but I understood how it could be seen that was and still apologised. Equally my cousin once received a gift and “oh I already have this” and got told off and wasn’t allowed any more presents because it was rude to not be grateful. Yes kids will be kids. But at least a “Er excuse me that’s rude” would have been nice to hear from the parents. But they’ve just said don’t take it personally he just wants attention ...<|response|> NTA for being offended but totally unrealistic wanting the nephew to apologize. As a 5 year old, his horrible behavior is due to his parents' lack of parenting, not him. Who you really should get an apology from is the parents. But let's get real, that's not going to happen. Lesson learned. Your in-laws are crappy parents and their kids are going to be nightmares. Don't host again and think about how to limit time with them in the future. And if you're thinking about having kids with your boyfriend, figure out if this is a family thing. You don't want or need a spouse who thinks like this as a coparent. Find out before having kids with him. <|endoftext|>
32730	5	AITA for making my mom and dad cry at a family gathering? Okay so a little backstory. My older sister died when she was 4 (burst apendix, early 90s.) and i was barely 2 (30M now)They were broken - ofcourse! (I have 3 girls myself and i dont know what i would do if anything happend 2 them) - but the last couple of years, ive been told some more details. Like, i would kinda stand next 2 my mom and pull her hand like: Hey im still here. Stayed at my grandmas alot. Never told them anything about my life coz i felt they didnt care. Thing is, i always felt "not good enough" like i always had something 2 prove. When i would came home from football i would lie about scoring more goals etc. This carried into friendships aswell etc. Lieing about stuff i had done, was good at and so forth. Heres the kicker, whenever we're at family gatherings , they will joke about my lies, ie insecurities from my childhood. So, last time they started doing it , i kinda blew up. Yelled something along the lines of: WELL MAYBE IF YOU HAD GIVEN ME THE ATTENTION A SMALL CHILD NEEDS I WOUDNT FEEL INADEQUATE IN EVERY SINGLE SITUATION. I know she died. But i didnt. And u act like, Just coz i dont remember, it had No impact on me... Guess thats also why i barely remember my childhood. I know the setting was not the best place but it all kinda dawned on me lately why i always feel out of place, not belonging anywhere. Am i completely in the wrong here? In other words , AITA? Edit: Spelling and stuff<|response|> NAH. Family dynamics can be complex and so it’s hard to judge you for your outburst. You shouldn’t have yelled in a public place at your parents but it’s also a common experience we all have (frustration and regret with our upbringing). You have sincere sympathy OP. That’s sounds tough and I recommend a therapist, for you and maybe even for your parents. There definitely more there that needs to be discussed and worked through, but acknowledging an issue is the first step, and maybe the toughest. Good luck! <|endoftext|>
158157	3	WIBTA if I were to force my son to shut down his business? My son is 15 years old and is moving in to Year 11, which means he is getting close to taking his GCSE's. For the past year, he's been running a "business" on eBay by selling objects he's designed and 3D printing them. It's been quite successful, and he spends 1-2 hours, 2-3 evenings a week after school packaging and posting the items. This is time that could be spent doing homework/revision, though. He often leaves homework until the day before it is due, and I think that if he weren't so busy with his business he could be more on top of it. He recently had his GCSE mocks and he got all A* and A** (apart from an A in French), although he only scraped by and he left revision to the last minute. I think, had he not been distracted by his "business", he could have gotten all A**. I've spoken to him multiple times about ending it, but he's been very difficult. I think for one thing he quite likes all the money he's making (he has 4 3D printers, a £3000 computer, a huge cinema screen etc all of which he's paid for), and he also says he will struggle to end it all immediately due to the high number of orders he gets (around 20 a week). He's starting Year 11 tomorrow, however, and I'm concerned that this business (because it takes up so much of his time) will stop him from getting the best grades he can get. I'm considering forcing him to shut it down by blocking access to his eBay account, so WIBTA if I did this?<|response|> Yes YTA. my god woman! What seriously do you expect? My kids are doing ok and none of them had marks like that. I would be thrilled if they showed business skills like this at that age. <|endoftext|>
186489	4	AITA for unknowningly putting my cousin's money in my account to buy him games for Christmas? Title may seem confusing, but bare with me. I'm a 14 y/o freshman and me, my friends, and cousins use a videogame marketplace/platform called Steam a lot to play videogames with each other. A day or two after Christmas, Steam had been holding a winter sale, and in great Christmas spirit my cousin (my age) let me choose a couple of games that added up to $20. I really appreciated this and promised him I would also give him games as a Christmas gift when time came. I don't have a credit card so I would have to wait for an opportunity to go to a store and buy a gift card for him. Fast forward 2-3 days later, after another family Christmas party, I see my little sister opening presents from the 'white elephant' game we played. Right next to her was a $20 Steam gift card which caught my eye. I went up to her and asked who it was for, and she replied with silence. This led me to assume it was mine, because my little sister had never heard of Steam and at the Christmas party they had a habit of hiding multiple gifts in one. So I put the money in my Steam account, waited the next day (it was late), and in similar fashion gave my cousin a choice to select a couple of games that added up to $20 for me to buy for him. Not to mention, the winter sale introduced a new system: 100 credits for every $1 you put in your account. So not only did I get credits that you could use to buy cosmetic items for your profile, but my cousin was able to receive the games that I promised. It was a win-win situation. Until, I heard my dad yelling over the fact that the card was missing. He went up to me and asked me about it, and I said I used it to give my cousin games. He started yelling at me that my mom was supposed to give it to him as a gift (which I apologized for and offered my own $20 for them to give to my cousin, but my dad couldn't have cared less). I told him that it was my mistake that I took the card, but that it didn't matter because he still got the games. My dad said that I 'stole the ability for him to do anything he wanted, whenever he wanted with the money' (which I still don't understand because if he asked me to postpone the transaction I gladly would've, and i gave my cousin the choice to select games for me to buy). It turned into this big argument which led to my dad taking all the money I have in my wallet, including the money I got for Christmas (which adds up to \~$220) to 'teach me a lesson'. Right after the whole ordeal, I contacted my cousin and<|response|> >Right next to her was a $20 Steam gift card which caught my eye. I went up to her and asked who it was for, and she replied with silence. This led me to assume it was mine, because my little sister had never heard of Steam and at the Christmas party they had a habit of hiding multiple gifts in one. ~~Y T A~~ for assuming your little sister knew what it was for - no answer is an indicator she didn't know, and that you should ask someone else. Your parents would have been able to tell you. You're not an asshole for wanting to give your cousin gifts, but assuming something that's lying around is meant for you without asking and getting a definite answer is pretty inconsiderate, and it can land you in hot water like it did here. What you took away wasn't your cousin's games, it was your dad's chance to give him a gift he knew your cousin would enjoy. One of the best things about Christmas is watching people unwrap the gifts you chose for them and see it make them happy. If you spent a lot of time thinking about a perfect gift for your little sister, bought it with your own money, and watched your dad scribble out your name on the package and replace it with his so he could take credit for it, how would you feel? It seems clear that you didn't mean to hurt anyone's feelings, so it might be worth it to apologize to your dad. Edit: with new information, ESH. OP did a boneheaded thing without thinking it through, which happens. Dad taking $200 'as a punishment' is absolutely wrong and a huge overreaction. <|endoftext|>
86289	4	AITA for not giving up my burial plot? A little bit of background: my (F, 30s) parents divorced when I was 20, after living in a really bad marriage for many years. I don't think it was always as bad as it was at the end, but I don't remember a time when I think they were really happy. There's a lot of bad feeling between them now. My mother has an anxiety disorder that can make interactions with her difficult. My father has a blunt and abrasive nature that can offend people. They were really ill-suited as partners, but they're good and loving parents. I love them both, but as an adult I'm much closer to my father. It's just how our relationships developed. For a few reasons, my father has begun making plans for his funeral. When he was buying his burial rights at a cemetery, they asked him if he wanted to reserve the plot next to him for anyone, and he ended up buying it for me. I told him I may end up not using it (I currently live overseas and who knows where/when I'll die?). He was fine with that and joked about how if it's empty he'll be able to stretch out. Then again, maybe I will use it; you have to go somewhere, after all. At any rate, it seems to give him some comfort to think of it and it doesn't bother me at all. But when I told my mother about it, she was furious. She doesn't want me buried near her or anything; she's planning to be cremated and have her ashes scattered. But she sees this as me choosing my father over her in a very definitive way. She also thinks it's insulting to my brother that he's left out of the plan (my brother and my father rarely speak, plus my brother is married and will probably want to make his own plans with his wife). She wants me to sell the burial rights back to the cemetery. The thing is, I really don't want to hurt either of my parents. My father is pretty much alone in the world (my mother has remarried) and he's dealing with some health issues. If it makes him feel better knowing I have this burial plot, then I want to keep it. But I know my mother wishes she and I were closer and I don't want to hurt her either. WIBTA if I keep the plot?<|response|> NTA - when you’re dead, you’re dead. Who cares what happens to your remains. You might try asking your mom what would make HER happy. For you to be cremated? Buried? If she doesn’t care and she says that she just doesn’t want you buried next to your dad, you might tell her she’s being petty. <|endoftext|>
30398	2	AITA for wanting to sit on my phone at lunch at work? Ever since i joined this small company (12 people) it's always been the norm to go to lunch together (minus the CEO and directors). However I'd much prefer to just eat on my own for 30 mins of the day but i have to suffice with light talking and using my phone for some of lunch. I often get called out for being a "millenial" (I'm 19) and general complaining about staring at my phone and not conversing the whole time. I'm not someone who is addicted to my phone, i dont use social media, just reddit, and I'm often reading articles about technology and interesting news or using the luminosity brain training app. I spend the rest of my working day with these people and there is nearly always time to chat whilst working. Am I the asshole for preferring to use my phone during my 30 minute lunch break? Edit: to clarify the place we are going to eat lunch is just like a canteen, not a restaurant or cafe or anything like that.<|response|> NTA - I hate going to lunch with coworkers, that's my break. I like to go find a quiet spot to relax. <|endoftext|>
46806	2	AITA for lying about my age to a woman I slept with? I (38) recently slept with this woman (21) that I met at a bar. We had a one night stand and we both explicitly agreed that it was a one night stand. When we woke up she asked me how old I was. It wasn’t something we exactly considered important to establish the night before and people often tell me that I look a lot younger than I actually am. I told her I was 29. I didn’t want to freak her out by telling her I was 38 and I feel as long as though we are strictly just sleeping together then there is no harm done. We are both consenting adults and we both had fun. She accepted that answer and we have tentatively agreed to continue to be fuck buddies with no strings attached for now. I feel kind of bad that I lied about my age but at the same, like I said, as long as we don’t start a romantic relationship then maybe it doesn’t matter. AITA?<|response|> YTA. Lying to sex partners, great. <|endoftext|>
108726	5	AITA for not helping my coworkers out with every tiny bit of work? So I work in the german military. Its a simple office job. In the offices next to mine there are several coworkers but each one of us is working in different departments. Everyone of us is in the military for at least 10 years and more then 2 years in our department. Up to this day they still come to my office asking questions regarding their department - of which I of course have alomst zero knowledge. They ask me which form to use, which superior department to call in terms of some orders, whom to address in business-emails, how to write an email properly etc. etc. Its like they never did their job before. They seem to be super insecure and are afraid of doing mistakes and by asking me they try to share resposibility for their mistakes with me. For the first few months I tried to help them as much as I can. I tried to find simple solutions so they can easily remember common tasks. But there seems to be almost zero progress. They still come up with two sentence emails and ask me if it would be okay to write it this way. Some weeks I feel like I am busier doing their job instead of my own. So after almost 2 years of working together last month I simply stopped helping. When they came up with a question or a task I just told them, that they already knew how to handle the problem or at least where they would find the regulation to look it up themselves. But to this day they refuse to look things up but expect other people to just hand them the solution on a silver platter. Now two of them just got mad at me and told me I am an asshole for not helping them anymore and that they are disappointed of me. Am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA. Based on your time of service I'll assume you and your co workers are either seasoned NCO's or officers. The ability to solve your own problems or questions is an important skill to have. When I had a question about something my supervisor would point me towards the reg, which I hated but in the end I learned the finer details of my job. Thus preventing future inquiries. <|endoftext|>
191398	3	AITA for telling my bf to either go make some food or to stop complaining he is hungry? This has to be one of the pettiest arguments I have ever been witness to, but this happened yesterday and I'm just wondering if I have unintentionally been a dick. Me (23F) and my boyfriend (23M) live separately. I'm in my own flat I rent and he rents with his parents. Last week he was off work and sat in his bedroom playing Zelda most of the week. While I was at work that week I got a lot of messages from him complaining that he was really "hungry" and "malnourished" at home. This was only because he was upstairs in his room and couldn't be bothered to go downstairs to the kitchen to make himself some food. I thought this was pretty lazy of him, but if he mentioned it I just said to him to make food in passing then changed the topic. Last night, he was complaining again that he got home from work and his parents were out and there was no food for him. I agree that this was pretty crap, as he is the only one in the family who works full time (both his parents dont work so they are at home all day usually), and as he pays rent they could at least ensure there is something for him when he comes home. So we were chatting away, but dang, he just will not drop the topic that he is so hungry. But no matter how much I urge him to just go into the kitchen and grab a snack, he wont. And it is important he eats properly, as he has recently been diagnosed with Crohns disease. So I send this comment: "Baby, if you are hungry then go get some food. And if you arent gonna make something, then that is your decision, but dont complain you are hungry. You will really struggle tomorrow if you dont eat." And the result? He hasn't spoke to me for a solid day, other than to tell me that I am very rude for telling him to stop whining. I know he is very sensitive and has a tendency, in my opinion, to overreact, so I made sure to try and phrase the above message nicely. But he seems to be absolutely furious with me. In our 3 years together he has never reacted like this before, and I am amazed something as silly as this has caused such an arguement. Am I missing something? Was the message I sent very rude? Tl;dr- Bf complains he is hungry, wont make anything. I tell him to cook or stopcomplaining and he gets angry. AITA? Edit: Didnt mean to insinuate that his parents should always cook for him! His rent is more of a rent/board deal and the amount he pays is specifically intended to cover the fact that his mum also willingly cooks for him. She cooks for 6 people in total every day, so she says it's<|response|> NTA and smart of you not to engage in this. He's used to being served - probably by his mom - and is trying to get you to serve him. <|endoftext|>
172422	4	WIBTA for refusing to attend a dinner honoring my dead mother because my sister will be there? I (27F) am the youngest of three siblings. My sister (33F) and I have always had a difficult relationship - I don't want to get too bogged down in the specifics here, but she has a mental illness that makes her very difficult to deal with. She has a tendency to lash out and be cruel, and my family's reaction has always been to sweep it under the rug, apologize to her for her outbursts, and generally coddle her to keep harmony. My mom passed away earlier this year and it has been really hard on all three of us. My mom has expressed, and repeatedly expressed to my brother and I while in the hospital, her disappointment that neither of us is particularly close with our sister. My brother and I are very close and my mom said that she was sad that we "exclude" our sister and don't have better relationships with her. A few months after our mother passed, my sister did something fairly cruel to me and I have had no desire to talk to her or spend time with her since. My brother has tried to persuade me that mom wouldn't want me to cut her out, but I simply don't have the energy to deal with her anymore. I don't think she even realizes I'm upset with her, as her "offense" this time around wasn't particularly significant in the grand scheme of cruel things she's done to me - it was just the last straw for me. My mom's birthday is in a few weeks and my brother invited me to go to her favorite restaurant for her birthday. Unbeknownst to me, after I already accepted, he also invited our sister, and she's flying in for it. I'm debating not going. WIBTA for not going, and for telling my brother why?\\ EDIT: Just wanted to clarify that my brother lives \~2 hours away from me and has invited my sister and I for the whole weekend, so just leaving dinner if my sister starts being a dick to me would be logistically somewhat difficult.<|response|> NAH - You want to cut out negativity from your life, so you don't want to be around her. He wants to try and fulfill his mom's dying wish by including the both of you. Just tell him that you're cutting negativity out of your life and your sister doesn't bring anything positive to it, so you don't want anything to do with her. Perhaps you and your brother can get lunch together to celebrate her birthday or eat together at another time. <|endoftext|>
84617	5	AITA for not going to a party that I wasn’t personally invited to? So my friend had a party last night and I didn’t go. He called me this morning asking me if everything was ok. I said yeah he asked me why I didn’t go to the party. I told him because he didn’t invite me. He says he’s talked about the party for weeks in front of me and I knew I was invited. I told him that he personally texted others about it and asked them if they could help set up or bring stuff. He didn’t reach out to me to personally invite me or ask me to help in anyway so I figured I wasn’t invited. He told me he feels like I’m being childish about the whole thing? Our other friends agree with him and say I’m being vain and insane and an asshole for making this about me.<|response|> NTA - I suspect you were trying to *not* make it about you by turning up to a place you hadn't been explicitly invited to. A later comment you made that >I didn’t go because I wasn’t personally asked to come has been interpreted by a number of redditors as meaning that of course you knew but were being petty by expecting a formal invite too. I'd interpret that as you understood the lack of personal invite (and request for help) as meaning it was a party for certain people that didn't include you. There have been posts before about awkward people inserting themselves where they aren't wanted - did you fear being that awkward interloper who hadn't correctly interpreted the lack of an invite meaning that they weren't invited to a particular event? Your friends may be misunderstanding your reaction to the lack of an invite in the way that redditors seem to have. Maybe this is a thing in current school/college culture. Personally I'd chatted about events I've been to or are planning with a friend who won't be there - it's called having a life and they do it back to me, it's fun catching up with your friend's lives. I would *never* assume I was invited to an event they were planning unless I got a formal invite or had specific verbal indicator: "what time do you think you are going to get there?" <|endoftext|>
152170	3	AITA for calling my dad fat when he attacked my daughter's looks? My youngest daughter was born with a hemangioma on the center of her forehead. For those that don’t know, it’s a bunch of blood vessels under the skin that bunch together and it forms a red-looking birthmark. It is technically a non-benign tumor. The doctor told us that it’s not hurting her in anyway, it’s purely a cosmetic thing. It would grow, then shrink as she got older. It was possible it would never go away completely and then we could discuss surgery to remove it if we so chose. They also added that there might be a mark or scarring in the future. My daughter is now a year old and we do get lots of questions, which I don’t mind. Knowledge leads to less ignorance in the world. I did end up putting a PSA on my Facebook page saying “I get a lot of questions about \*Youngest Daughter’s\* forehead, she has a hemangioma”, explaining what it was and that we don’t want to make a huge deal of it, for our daughter’s case. I put a link to more information. I also said, no matter what, she’s beautiful and we love her just the same, even if it never goes away. Now, my dad and I are not close, at all. We see each other maybe a few times a year. He divorced my mom when I was young and he’s just not a stable person in my life. That being said, I know he loves my girls and I never want to discourage him from seeing them. On that post, however, he put “Yeah, she’s a cutie, but she’ll look even prettier when it goes away.” I was livid. I get that maybe she’s not going to win any Gerber Baby contests and I wasn’t doing the post for validation, just a PSA. And then he had to say that. Now, he has also dealt with weight issues as of late and has been posting his latest diet/weight loss/exercise routine on Facebook. I don’t care what he weighs, that’s his life and his business. However, he attacked my daughter and like I said, I was feeling some sort of way because he’s been feeling self-conscious about himself and he says that about his granddaughter? I know I probably should’ve left it alone, but I replied “Yeah, well, I’m sure she’ll feel the same about grandpa when he loses those extra 50 pounds.” He got mad and texted me saying I was being disrespectful. I said he insulted his granddaughter’s looks, so what did he expect from me? He deleted his original comment on my post, but then made his own about being attacked for his weight (not mentioning me by name or anything, just using general), to get support. Everyone said whoever did that was an asshole. Was I being an ass for what I did?<|response|> ESH Your dad's an asshole for mocking the physical appearance of your child, but that doesn't make you any less of an asshole for lowering yourself to his level and responding in kind. <|endoftext|>
60549	4	AITA for telling a guy I'd date him before ghosting him? So, last summer, I went to a party with my best friend. One of the boys there hands us two drinks, so we start drinking. Well... I’m not good at holding my liquor. I don’t know what they gave me, but I don’t even want to talk about the state I was in for the rest of the night. Not my proudest moment. Anyway, I was chatting with some boys I didn’t really know, and one of them stood out to me. In a normal situation, he may would’ve been my type. He wasn’t handsome, but he was really smart, kinda shy, etc. We start talking. I get the feeling he’s cute, but once again, I’m dead drunk. So at one point, I told my bf et one of her guy friends (we’ll call him C) that I find thi guy (let’s call him T) really cute and that’d I 100% date him. I guess C told T to try his luck because next thing I knew, T was taking me to an isolated spot. I don’t even remember the moment he took me out, I was so drunk I had several black outs during the party. Anyway, we start chatting and stuff ; I was showing him pictures of my pets. All of a sudden, he kissed me. I didn’t react. I laughed awkwardly, and even tho I don’t clearly picture this moment, I recall feelin something wasn't right. Like « oh wait, you’re kissing me in front of a picture of my doggo ? This ain’t cool ». I said nothing and just kept on showing him pics (drunk me ain’t the best decision maker). I just recall he kissed me several times after that, and I still didn’t react. Maybe I should’ve get up and left. Then I received a call from my father. He was angry af. It was 4am and I had told him I’d be home at 12pm. I was startin to panick — my best friend was too drunk to take me home. T. offered me a ride home. I thought it was nice, and I didn’t really have any other choice. I completely blacked out the rest of the night. I think he kissed me before dropping me off but that’s about it. That’s the last time I talked to him. Waking up in the morning, thinking about what had happened with T — it felt really wrong. He sent me a text + a pm on fb, but I didn’t answer. I should’ve told him I was not feeling comfortable with pursuing anything with him. But just looking at the notification of his texts made my heart sank. I thought that was the end of it. But in December my best friend asks C if she can bring me as her +1 at his NYE party. We thought he’d be cool with it since we were on good terms (I hadn’t talk to or seen C since that party). To be short,<|response|> NTA So he kissed you without your consent when you were drunk and he was sober and everyone’s mad you didn’t see that as boyfriend material? You didn’t lead him on and him continuing to kiss you after you obviously didn’t reciprocate while you were fucked up is so so wrong <|endoftext|>
192632	4	AITA for telling my mother she can't stay with me anymore and she has to go stay with her sister? She has been insanely frustrating to live with. I am 28, I have an apartment in brooklyn, my mother lived in new jersey, but unfortunately there was a fire at her house and she basically lost it. It was a whole big tragedy, it was basically our family home. I right away offered for her to stay at my apartment until she got everything in order. &#x200B; That was 2 months ago. Since then she has been staying here, and its just been unbelievably frustrating. She nags and berates me over everything. The food I eat is too unhealthy, I play too many video games, I work too many hours, the friends I have are too rowdy, she tells me like five times a day that I drink too much and that smoking weed is going to kill me, she complains constantly about any girl that I bring over to the point of actively insulting them, she is constantly trying to get me to pray or go to church with her... its not like I am living some insanely hedonistic lifestyle lol. I drink with friends maybe once a week and I smoke pot on the roof with my friends occasionally too, but to her I might as well as spiraling out of control into addiction or something. I went to a party and came home at like 4am, and she was literally awake waiting for me, saying she was worried sick and that 4am is far too late to come home. One time she started literally crying... because she was sad at the sight of me playing video games for 3 hours. She thought it was 'depressing' to see me be so unproductive. I feel like I am just being scrutinized over every little thing now. I almost dread coming home from work sometimes because I wonder what she is going to say. &#x200B; I do love my mother a lot, and she might just be sheltered a bit and its not like she is ever really mad or raises her voice, she is a very sweet woman... but this constant concern from her is just frustrating now. Like really frustrating. I am not 17, I am 28 years old. She might be my mother but she is also a guest in my home. And its not like I am failing at life or something, maybe if I was in poverty or something she could argue my 'habits' are bad for me, but I am doing very well in my career. &#x200B; So I sat down with her and told her... "look, you gotta go ask your sister to go there. I cant deal with this anymore, and clearly you cant either considering you are seemingly constantly worried about me.". Her sister already offered to take her in, but her sister lives in cincinnati, quite a bit away. She started to cry and I right away felt horrible, but I think<|response|> NTA. You gave her a place to stay for two months and during that time she tried to assume control of your lifestyle. It sounds like you had a civil discussion with her about moving on. She’s allowed to be unhappy, but ultimately it’s the best move for both of you and your relationship. Your aunt needs to stay out of it - she obviously didn’t hear the whole story. <|endoftext|>
193564	4	AITA for cancelling on an Uber driver because they were more than 20 minutes away? Title is pretty self explanatory. I ordered an Uber at an airport and someone who had (what looks like) just dropped someone off accepted my booking, which meant they were 22 minutes away as they had to do a loop around to get back in. I watched for 10 minutes as they didn’t move and then as they started taking an even longer route than what the app first suggested (it still saying they were 22 minutes away the whole time). After the 10 minutes I gave up, sent them a message saying sorry but I need to get to work and cancelled. Was it rude of me to cancel after 10 minutes? Or was it rude of the Uber driver to accept my booking in the first place? I’d wanted to give it a chance but after 10 minutes of them being no closer I just couldn’t risk them taking forever.<|response|> NTA. Nothing like getting a fee for canceling though. You’re lucky they didn’t swoop in and try to get your ride again. Had that happen to an acquaintance and then they drove by and flipped them off and left. This happened in front of a primary school. <|endoftext|>
80388	4	AITA for giving my friend incorrect information about her wedding venue I am a bridesmaid at my friend's wedding, which will be held in a couple of weeks. She is having a destination wedding in a city that I used to live in. As such, I have been helping her with some of the wedding planning. She was trying to keep wedding costs low, so when she was trying to decide on a ceremony venue, I suggested a local landmark. A friend of a friend of mine had gotten married there. I had not attended that wedding but I said that according to the friend of a friend it was a beautiful, easy, and free venue since they just showed up at the landmark and got married. She saw some photos and decided that that is where she wanted to get married. Fast forward about six months. She called me today about how her fiance just called the local permitting office that morning and apparently they needed a permit to get married at that landmark and now it was too late to get one. She is now scrambling to find a new venue for her ceremony which is two weeks away. AITA for having suggesed this venue without knowing the full extent of its details?<|response|> NAH. Bride and groom are responsible for checking local requirements. However I’m sure you feel bad regardless but how were you supposed to know if the previous couple got a permit or if they even followed the laws? <|endoftext|>
128428	3	AITA for texting my ex-girlfriend happy birthday? So basically I'm engaged to a girl I love very much, normal relationship with all the normal issues but for the most part we got along great. Seven years ago I was in an awful relationship with a girl where the emotions were much stronger than the brain power and we had the worst break up in history. I was angry at her for many, many years for the "break up, back together, break up, back together" roller coaster ride she put me through. My current fiancé is very aware of the Clif notes version of that relationship but really doesn't want details which is cool. I hadn't seen my ex in maybe 6 years when we just happened to run into her at CiCi's pizza. She looked to be doing great, she had two small kids, a husband (that looked could have been my doppelganger, which was a little odd). We exchanged pleasantries and that was it. Ex's birthday was yesterday and I don't even know why I thought of it but I sort of mindlessly texted her "hey, I know it's been a while but I still remember your birthday. Just wanted to wish you the best!" She didn't respond right away but I figured I'd done my nice deed for the day. Well I was laying on the couch with my fiancé later that night when ex texted me back "thank you, that was very sweet you remember. hope all is well." Finance saw it and freaked out. She demanded to go through my phone. I let her. That was the only text from my ex, then she accused me of deleting texts. I told her I promised I hadn't and I would do whatever I could do show her. I guess she believed me but then she transitioned into me betraying her and holding a candle for my ex. I tried to explain that I was just trying to be friendly. Then she accused me of being a perpetual victim for wanting to go "back to the hell" of that past relationship. I told her I loved her and it wasn't true at all and she knew my ex was married with kids. And then fiancé said "yes but he looked just like you, obviously she holds a candle FOR YOU." I was like "come on babe..." she took great offense to being called babe and grabbed her stuff and left. So no doubt me texting ex caused this fight, but was the asshole for doing it?<|response|> Info: have you given your current girlfriend any other reasons to doubt your honesty? <|endoftext|>
146236	4	AITA For being insulted by a friend? I really need some input here guys. This is so stupid, but it has really blown out of proportions and I'm no longer objective. I went with a friend, let's call her Jess, to a ceramics class. I made a couple of things, mostly little plates for my apartment, and overall had a great time. Jess ended up painting the stuff I made, among them - an ashtray. After I got everything back from painting I was super excited. Everything looked great. I sent pictured in a WhatsApp group of really close friends, and I mentioned that I wasn't the one who did the painting. One of the friends, let's call him Andy, immediately said the ashtray looks like Jess had diarrhea all over it. Which really bummed me out - why is this your first reaction? It really killed my excitement. I wrote to him in private and he said that since I wasn't the one who did the painting it was "open season" and he can make fun of it all he wanted. I was pretty angry at this point and told him it doesn't matter, it's something I created and liked and now every time I'll look at it I'll remember what he said. He didn't apologize. Several days later we were talking in the group and he made another joke about how the ashtray looked like it was diarrhead on. At this point we got arguing in private again and I said that even if it seemed silly and not apology-worthy at first, he made that second joke knowing it's going to hurt my feelings. It wasn't even mentioned in the conversation! He brought it out of nowhere just to be hurtful! At the end he said I'm blowing this out of proportions since it's just a stupid ashtray and I'm not the one who painted it. I told him to go fuck himself. So reddit, AITA?<|response|> NTA. You were (and should be) proud of your creations. Sure Jess painted them, but that was something you guys did together and you were happy about it. Andy was unnecessarily rude and critical, even if it was a joke. Once you told him that it upset you, he should have apologized and knocked it off. But, even after he KNEW it was upsetting you, he did it again just to be inflammatory. IMO, Andy sounds like a jerk who doesn't understand how to be a friend. I'll agree with you: Andy can go fuck himself. I bet your plates and ashtray look awesome, OP. Don't let some asshole ruin your pride and excitement. <|endoftext|>
188575	3	AITA for not wanting to share my (hypothetical) winnings? Recently, my workmates and I decided to go out to play bingo at the end of this month. The idea is that we can celebrate the first payday after Xmas, have a few drinks and wind down after a stressful holiday season. While discussing it, one of my colleages brought up the idea of splitting any majoy prize money between everyone in the group, so if one person won the jackpot it would be split between the thirteen or fourteen people going and everyone would get something. They also said that players should keep anything less than around £50 since there isn't much point splitting such a small pot. I immediately opted out. The night out is going to cost everyone a set price, about £20 for a meal, the first drink and two books of bingo tickets. If you split a small jackpot between 13-14 people, then everyone would recoup some of the money they paid, but the person who won the jackpot would, in my mind, end up getting stiffed. If anything, it makes more sense to split the smaller amount and buy everyone a drink than feeling obligated to share 300+ with a big group. The colleague pointed out that since there are so many of us, we stand a decent chance of winning and it'd be nice if we could share. I responded that if you pay £20 and everyone wins £15, everyone is essentially losing money, including the winner. If you can't afford to lose the £20 then just don't go in the first place. My colleague went a little quiet and eventually ended up saying they were disappointed that I'd view it in those terms. I feel bad because we're all genuinely close and are friends as well as co-workers, but the arguments put forward for splitting just don't make sense to me. Other friends have won big at bingo before and it never even occured to me to ask for a cut - it actually seems antithetical to the entire point of the game. I'm fine if someone wins big and I win nothing at all, but I also feel that that person shouldn't feel pressured into sharing with the group. Everyone else has opted into sharing a jackpot in the case of a win, and I feel like I've been cold-shouldered on the topic ever since. AITA?<|response|> NTA I agree with your point. If you were all pitching in for the cost of one ticket and it won then yes split the winnings. However for everyone to pay for their own tickets and have to split the winnings seems wrong to me. How is something I paid for and won be someone else's prize. No I would not share either. <|endoftext|>
137363	4	AITA if I ask for my gift back? Hi guys! So a while back before we got engaged my fiancé and I had a bit of a spat. We don't really go for the jugular anymore because we're not like that, but it resulted in me buying a bonsai tree as a gift. I attached a quote that said "Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." The point of the quote was to say that even if I knew tomorrow our relationship would fall apart, I would still love him as hard as I could today. Anyway, my boyfriend is not one for gifts and he's not one for sentimentality. I am not at all offended to see that the bonsai tree has not left the box in his kitchen. He read the quote and got the message. HOWEVER I am starting a new job and can't stop thinking about how cute the bonsai would look in my new office. I would actually care for it too, and I suppose it was silly of me to assume that he'd care for it when he barely remembers to drink enough water each day (god I love him). Is it tacky to ask for it back? AITA?<|response|> NAH - You really wouldn't be asking for the gift back since you're marrying this person. Soon everything you both own will be each other's. Just don't phrase it like "I want the gift back," say, like, "I'd really love to take the bonsai tree to my office if that's okay with you." <|endoftext|>
40586	4	AITA for ignoring an old best friend? For many years, I was unbelievably close with a girl, we’ll call her Natasha. We would talk nonstop, we had all of the same interests, the same sense of humour, and we were inseparable. Fast forward a good few years, we’ve both gotten older and grown apart. Different life paths, different interests. Nothing bad happened whatsoever, it’s just one of those life things. Now recently, Natasha has started contacting me occasionally, when we haven’t spoken at all in the last few years. I was delighted with this at first, as we could still chat easily like we used to. But I started to sense a pattern when she contacts me. It‘s only ever when she wants to rant about something in her life. There’s never anything else discussed, she never asks how I am or anything about me whatsoever, and as soon as she’s done ranting she’ll stop messaging. So now when her name pops up, I mostly ignore it and if she asks why I didn’t respond I’ll claim I was busy or something like that. I feel bad about it, but at the same time I feel like I’m being used as a bit of a void to scream into and I’m not okay with that. So, am I the asshole?<|response|> NAH. Maybe you should communicate with her though? I have a feeling she doesn't mean to act like this. <|endoftext|>
23998	3	WIBTA if I mention this specific kink to my wife? Throwaway for obvious reasons. I (M27) have a sort of a doctor kink. In like... a roleplay sense, not to be TMI. My wife (F29) is deathly scared of doctors and I do not exaggerate when I say she avoids them at all cost. Will I be the asshole if I mention this kink of mine to her? Our sex life is generally pretty fulfilling, so it's not like I will die if we never do it. I'm just very much into it and if there's a possibility it could happen, I'd be thrilled. But I don't want to scare her off, make myself look like a freak or appear selfish. Should I mention it at all?<|response|> NAH This conversation with the wife will probably be hilarious. If you don't mind me asking, what's the appeal of the doctor/patient roleplay specifically compared to other roleplay scenarios? <|endoftext|>
95128	2	AITA for skipping out on a longtime friend's birthday party and not informing him? My friend group has been together since 2007. There is me and my best friend P (both girls), and 3 guys. We had a great relationship in middle school and high school, however, we're sophomores in University now and we've slowly drifted apart. The 3 guys H, T, and K, are all very different people than when I first met them. * H: moved to a bigger, metropolitan city. Has a superior attitude on my P and I since we still live in our hometown, rude 'humour', and isn't very kind. * T: extremely blunt, disrespectful to everyone, and thinks P and I are 'dry' since we find things other than drinking, smoking, and partying fun. * K: my only link to H and T after this birthday incident, the only nice one left. Okay now on to the shit show. It was H's birthday late December, and I went to greet him Happy Birthday like any friend would. He ended up leaving me on read which kind of annoyed me but I brushed it off. So I sent a message to our group chat (that we've had for 3 years), asking H if he was doing anything for his birthday. Surprisingly, I got a response, and he was having a small party at his house for drinks that night. I replied that P and I would be able to come. This is where he pisses me off. He replied, "Ok. And your point is?". I understand he can be rude and cold at times, but we've been having issues in our friend group a lot lately where H and T are extremely mean to P and I. They have found "cooler" kids that they hang out with, and every time we're together they act depressed as hell and barely speak. For example, we all went to the bar one night and H and T looked like they were having the worst time ever until some popular people in the area came in. It honestly stresses out P and I so much, that we stopped initiating any hangouts. As a result, P and I decided not to attend his birthday as it felt like the last straw. We did not inform any of them that we weren't coming anymore (they flaked on us all the time), and we didn't hear from them the entire night (but we did see their SC stories). The next day, we see that all of the guys left our group chat. And I had a feeling I knew why. I asked K personally why they did that, and he said that H and T were just drunk and upset that P and I didn't attend. I personally think that since they didn't care to want us there in the first place, as they usually don't, then they don't deserve an explanation. However, K thinks P and I are TA and should apologize so we can reconnect. The thing is I feel like if<|response|> NTA. They sound really dumb and have double standards. Edit: Don’t apologize. They don’t deserve an apology. THEY’RE the ones who should be apologizing. It’s okay to not be friends with someone just because of a strong history. <|endoftext|>
97092	4	AITA: My aunt told my mom I was bisexual. Mom took me to a church. I lied to my mom. This was back in the days where Myspace was dying and Facebook was taking over. I was in my mid-teens. I was browsing Myspace on a laptop at my aunt’s kitchen table. A boy sent me a private message. Boy: Hey! Can I ask you a question? Me: Hi, what is it? Boy: Are you bisexual? I froze. Anything word that had to do with “gay”, “bi” or “homo-anything” was triggering for me at the time. I looked at his profile. I didn’t know the kid — he must have gone to a different school. Then how did he know me? I was a quiet but well-known kid at my school. Maybe a mutual friend. He wasn’t bad looking… For some reason, I decided to tell him. Me: Yeah, I am — but how did you know? Boy: Because I’m bi myself. It’s easy to look at others and tell. My mom was ready to leave and I had to cut the conversation short. The next day, my mom picked me up from school. That was rare as I only lived 5 blocks away. She was acting strangely: dressed in all black with a hood up, arms crossed, not smiling — as if she were going to a funeral. She drove us to the church where she and my dad got married. She parked, gripped the steering wheel and said, “I’m only going to ask you this one time!” My heart started racing. I already knew what it was. She asked, “Are you bisexual?” I tried to look confused, “No.” She asked, “Do you like boys?” I said no. “Do you like girls?” I said yes. “Do you like boys AND girls?” My brain was calculating. “No.” She didn’t look at me the whole time. My heart sank. I loved my mom… She told me that I forgot to sign out of my Myspace account at my aunt’s house. Aunt read my messages, then called my mom and told her about it. I remember not being able to move. I still denied it and we drove home without speaking. Later, I remembered that I had one of my friend’s Myspace passwords. I lied and told my mom that my friend hacked me as a joke. I took it further, logged into his profile and made it look like he apologized to me. My mom still looked suspicious with a, “Hmm. Okay.” I was in bed the rest of the day replaying the events and thinking about why we drove in front of the church as if she were about to perform an exorcism on me. And about my aunt who read through my messages. Was it her right to tell my mom about that? Did my mom handle it right? Was I right to lie — or should I have told her the truth? A similar incident happened, months later. when my dad suspected my mom was cheating on him. He set<|response|> NTA your mom sounds a tad homophobic not gonna lie. While I normally don't agree with lieing this is a situation were I understand. No one should be forced to come out. <|endoftext|>
42287	4	AITA for "stealing" my friend's crush away from him? Last weekend I was in my best friends wedding. The lady my best friend was marrying has a sister who my friend has had a crush on for months now, but he hasn't really pursued it due to past experiences with women (He struggles with being insecure). I decided to help him try to talk to this girl while we were at the wedding and reception. Basically, he and I walked up to her together and I started talking to her as I know her much better. Fast forward a few minutes and I excuse myself to get cake, leaving him and her to talk alone. Half and hour goes by and they break for the throwing of the bouquet and garter, after which he comes up to me all happy having had a good conversation with her. He decides he wants to go back to our hotel and sleep while I help clean up at the reception. Turns out the girl in question was going to stay and help too (I did not know this) so we ended up working together for a while. Next day I get a text from her thanking me for staying and helping, and we chat for a bit about just nothing. This goes on for a bit, and the next day she changes the tone of the texting to something more serious and she starts sending pics and stuff (nothing explicit). Tuesday he and I were going out that morning to do some shopping, and i had to stop at the bank. While we were there I left my phone in the car with him, and I guess I left it on because he was a text come though from her and asked me about it when I got back. I explained to him that she was the one that reached out to me and I thought nothing of our talking, but he cut the shopping trip short and went home. Now he isnt answering texts or calls and has told me he doesn't want to talk. AITA? EDIT: So the timeline is confusing (my bad) so let me clear that up. Wedding is Friday. She texts me first thing Saturday morning and says thank you (he knows about this text). Her and I chat for a bit because were friends and I thought nothing of it. We keep chatting and on Monday it takes a more serious turn, with her talking more serious and sending pics. Tuesday morning were going to go to go to the mall, I hadn't told her I wasnt interested but also did not reciprocate any of the feelings, and she texted again with my phone on in the car as we were using my bluetooth and spotify, which is when he saw the notification. He and I texted tonight and we are going to talk it out over dinner tomorrow night and see a movie (Dark Phoenix, yay). I'm sure everything will be fine after tomorrow as he is a<|response|> NAH - what did he think he had "dibs" on her? Also doesn't really sound like you stole anything yet either since it sounds like you have just been talking, though it does sound like she is interested. <|endoftext|>
55164	5	AITA for “field stripping” (prepping) my kids’ presents? So my kids are in their teens now and this isn’t so much a thing anymore, but we are giving our 1 year old nephew a present today and the old disagreement resurfaced. When the kids were younger, before wrapping their presents I would “field strip” them — open the box, cut any zip ties, remove extra tape, take out any of those diabolical screwed-to-plastic-plates-on-cardboard fasteners, install batteries if required, etc. then put it all back in the original box and wrap it. My idea was that the kids could just open the box and start playing immediately. My wife thinks ITA because being the first person to open the gift is part of what makes gifts special. Obviously not a huge source of marital discord but it is something we have consistently disagreed on over the years, and today we have to wrap a present for a 1 year old. I am convinced the last thing a baby wants is to watch adults struggle with opening their new toy. AITA?<|response|> I’m gonna say NAH. When I was a kid I always loved when I could just open the box and play with my toys, especially in the days when Barbie’s hair was sewn to the dang box. And my parents enjoyed not having to field strip the toys with me impatiently hovering around lol. But I get where your wife is coming from, and I don’t necessarily think she’s wrong, but that’s something adults care about. Like when opening a new iPad or something where unboxing is part of the experience. Kids don’t give a shit about that, they just want the toy lol. <|endoftext|>
23132	3	WIBTA if I kicked my parents out of my property? I [43] have a difficult/complicated relationship with my mother [61] and my father [65] who don’t really agree with my choice of profession. My profession, while disagreeable to some, makes me a good amount of money, allowing me to basically take care of both of my siblings [17] & [18] education and living situation. I pay for everything in the house that my parents and my siblings share, (I live separately from them.) Now, every time I do drop by to check on my siblings my parents continuously rag on my job or show disapproval about my choices. It feels frustrating to work hard to support both my parents as well while they don’t appreciate it at all. So I plan on cutting them off of my money and kicking them out once my two siblings go off to college. They have a retirement fund but would essentially need to search for some other place to live, I would give ample time for them to look so it wouldn’t be like putting them on the streets. I just see no point in supporting my parents who don’t appreciate the time or energy I put into giving them a easy lifestyle. Would I be the asshole?<|response|> NTA Why tho. Why is everyone getting a free ride from you? You should absolutely toss your parents... <|endoftext|>
69747	4	AITA for not wanting anything to do with my sons baptism? My \[F30\] husband \[M34\] wants to get our 3 month old son baptized and I don't want to be there. My husband is a staunch Atheist and has been the entire 10 years I've been with him. I've also been Atheist leaning but I've dabbled in some Buddhism and spirituality. He grew up in a somewhat religious catholic household and went through all the steps of baptism, first communion, and confirmation. His relatives never go to church but they speak highly of "God" and the importance of "belief". I on the other hand grew up in an extremely religious household and was raised catholic as well. The kind of family that goes to church every Sunday and makes snide comments if you miss a week. I chose to leave the catholic church when I was 14 and was ostracized by my family for years. I still have family members who refuse to talk to me because of it. His brother is not religious either but he baptized his son. He said he did it because of tradition and culture, and also to not upset his parents (the grandparents). My husband was chosen to be the godfather and so he attended the baptism. My husband has mentioned similar reasons to baptize our son. I have expressed to my husband for many years that when we have kids I do not intend to push them into any religion. I want to teach them about all the major world religions and let them decide when they are ready and old enough (I'm thinking around 13, 14 years old) to choose one for themselves and let them make the choice to get baptized or not. They'll have their whole lives to decide. When my husband first mentioned he wanted to baptize our son I was VERY against it. I have since agreed to let it happen. He has said that at the end of the day its "just a silly ritual" and they're just going to "rub some water on his forehead", say some prayers, and then it'll be over. He just doesn't want to upset his parents and be bugged by them constantly to get him baptized. I have let my husband know that even though I fine with letting the baptism happen - I do not any part of it and want to stay home during the event. I do not want to see him baptized as I do not like that it'll happen. My husband has expressed that I'm just going to create a scene and make his family gossip about him and question my morals. He says I'll be making the both of us look like assholes. So Reddit, am I the asshole here? TLDR: Husband wants our son baptized to not upset his family. I'm against it so I do not want to attend. Husband says I'm an asshole for not wanting to go.<|response|> Nta, you've compromised enough. Now it's time for him to respect your beliefs as much as he wants to respect your parents beliefs. He's the one pushing the baptism, he can be the one to take the lead. And so what if his parents gossip? What are they going to gossip about? That you're an atheist? Lol!! You are one, and it's nothing dirty y that you need to hide. Your husband is old enough to manage their expectations on his own. It's his family not yours, and ultimately on him to deal with their feelings. <|endoftext|>
52767	4	AITA for dropping a friend on a public Facebook post? So this person, (we will call her Ex-friend) was a former roommate and long time friend. Everything was good until we had to move out. Ex-friend, the majority of my roommates, and I left getting out of our house until the very last minute. Because of this, several items were left. The majority of it was Ex-friends's stuff. Including: an entire bed frame and mattress. A desk. A wardrobe. Etc. The leasing office wasn't happy, and said we could get the stuff out or be charged a huge cleaning fee. We all got together to help clean. Everyone except for Ex friend. She prioritized going to a show over helping us remove what was mostly her stuff. We did most of the cleaning, but told her that she could do her part by coming in the next morning to vacuum and wipe down the walls. She said that she would do it and would be in by 10 am. We agreed that would be good, and told the leasing office we would return the keys by 2 PM the next day. I come in the next day around 12:30 to see how things are going. Ex-friend wasn't there, nor had she been. I did the things she promised she would do. She messaged us around 3:15 that she had "slept in." She apologized to us, but I still let her her know I was pissed. She apologized again, and I said we could drop the issue due to years of friendship. The next day she posted on Facebook about "how she tries her best, but no one can give her a break." And "I think I'm out growing my friends." I was furious. I asked her why she posted that. She said "she is going through some stuff." We got into a big fight that ultimately ended in me understanding a bit more about what's going on in her life, and me telling her that going through stuff doesn't excuse you being a bad friend. I thought we had resolved our issues. Due to the damages to the house, we ended up owing about 1200 dollars. We set ourselves up on a 3 month payment plan, each person putting in 66 dollars a month. First month: No issues. Month 2: everyone but Ex-friend paid. She told me she would have it by friday. (Last week) That never happened. I sent her a message Monday asking for it. She said she would get it to me, but didn't. I had sent her 3 more snapchat messages over three days. She never opened them. But she did post on her story several times. The last message I sent was that I would post on Facebook if I got no response. I ended up making the post. In the post I put screenshots of all my recent messages to her, as well as screenshots of the arguement we had back when moving out. The post blew up and it started a lot of arguements. I<|response|> ESH. Yes, your ex friend sucks for being a shitty person, but you suck for putting it all out on social media. Text her, call her, message her, whatever - but inviting everyone into your business is petty and immature. <|endoftext|>
1653	1	AITA for being unapologetic about “bullying” a girl 4 years ago? PLEASE READ FIRST There was a girl in my middle school who I put a sticky note on saying “hi” over her back. Turns out she recently had surgery for her scoliosis and the pain made her cry for about 10 minutes. I swear I apologized like 50 times because I didn’t realize what I did, and to this day I still keep apologizing to her. Now I found out from a mutual friend that she still talks shit about me to other people and tells them I slapped her on the back. Im 6’1 and 180 lbs so if I slapped her on the back it would’ve done a lot more than just make her cry a bit, and despite my apologies she’s still telling people that I was an asshole bully and still am to this day. Over something that happened almost 5 years ago.<|response|> Not the asshole. She sounds like an asshole. <|endoftext|>
183207	4	AITA for not sharing? I woke up in the morning and made fries. It took me about two hours to finish, and I made enough for my entire family, since I know that they would be upset if I didn't share. When I was done making the fries, I grabbed a cup of water with ice, and sat down at the table. My mom took some fries, and announced that she was leaving. That's when she took my cup and drank from it. Now, I'm a bit of a germaphobe. I especially hate it when people drink out of my cup. Both my mother and brother know this, and do it to spite me. I asked my mom to at least refill the cup, but she shuffled out the door. My brother offered to refill it for me, and I thanked him. He then gave me a shit eating grin, drank the rest of the water. I asked him to get me a new cup instead of refilling, and he refused. So, I didn't let him have any more fries. He called my mom multiple times,and she didn't pick up. He then ran outside to tell on me for not sharing. Note that my brother is 14 years old, only 1 year younger than me. My brother ran back into the house, after realising that he was too late to get to my mom before she left. He grabbed the cup that he drank out of, and dumped the ice in the sink. He filled the cup, then grabbed two handfuls of ice and angerly threw them into the cup. Ice cubes went all over the kitchen floor. He then marched over to me, slammed the cup on the table. He flipped the plate of fries on the floor, wasting about half of the total fries. At this point, I was very angry. He pulled shit like this all the time, and even when my mom was there to witness it, I was always blamed for "making my brother do it". I was tired of his tantrums, so I yelled at him. Me: "ARE YOU SO ENTITLED THAT IF YOU CAN'T HAVE SOMETHING, I CAN'T HAVE IT EITHER?" My brother: "YOU WEREN'T SHARING! YOU NEED TO SHARE!" Me: I was! Before you decided to piss me off! I ate the fries that hadn't landed on the floor. I made my brother clean up, and I got all of the fries on the floor, and put them on a plate. I put them on the table, and said that since he wanted fries so desperately, he could have these. He looked so proud of himself for what he did, and it made me even more upset. I put a lot of time and effort into making those fries, and all of it went down the drain. I want to know if I'm being an asshole so that I can change my actions in the future. So, am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA. I lost it at “YOU WEREN’T SHARING! YOU NEED TO SHARE!” - it reminds me so much of my younger sister when my siblings would get into it. So dramatic and funny. <|endoftext|>
175325	3	AITA because I'm the teacher, and everything is my fault I am a preschool teacher of 17, 4-year-olds. If you have 4-year-olds you understand sometimes they are wild, not listen, get upset and have normal 4-year-old problems. I have a parent who is always upset with my classroom. By complain I mean, raise her voice, gives an angry expression (she her self said she was being a b\*\*\*H), she tells everyone this is a horrible classroom, school and I'm a horrible teacher. I will list her complains 1) I needed to set up a home visit with her. (its policy I have a home visit with every parent at the beginning of the year) 2) Her son hit a child and she blames the classroom (at the beginning of the year we did have trouble with a boy who would hit when upset, he have fixed those issues.) 3) Her son was afraid of a monster (She blamed me for not listening to every conversation in the classroom to make sure no words of monsters were being said) 4) We are short-staffed. (I agree, I wish I could fix this) 5) The boys ruff house. (I hate this too, but I have 12 boys and 5 girls, they ruff house, we are working on it, but it doesn't help when her son tells them to ruff house. When she complains I try to be understanding, I know it can be frustrating to have problems with your child's classroom, but I feel the complaints are more her personality than a problem with me. I have taught for 2 years and I have never had a person complain like this. I talk to my boss and she said the mother was the same last year with the other teacher, she is just super hard to please. As far as the child he won't listen in class, asks children to run and "join a fight club" When I talk to him about the behaviors he says "Well my mom is mad at you, She thinks your a bad teacher and this is a bad place." I know as a teacher my room can be hectic, but I do not give up and let them break my rules. If they run they walk with me. If they hit they have to make the person feel better. If they don't listen they have to talk to me in a private corner of the room. We have made progress.<|response|> YNTA- document moms behavior date and time Video and audio if you can do it discreetly <|endoftext|>
117979	4	AITA breaking up w/ my bf of 8 months (now ex) for telling me he is into incest? I'm 20F, I was dating him for 8 months and after few months dating, he told me some weird fetishes like incest, anal, and threesome. I'm not into any of them obviously, yet incest is ILLEGAL in where I am. After like 2 weeks heavily thinking about it, I decided to break up with him. It's for my future sake because I always think about the future and I don't want my kids are threatened by that. Did I do the right thing? Just want opinion from you guys. Ty<|response|> NAH. Honestly as long as he isnt breaking the law by engaging in it, if he fantasizes about it there’s nothing anyone can do about it either way. He’s not the asshole as long as he isn’t actively hurting anyone. You don’t have to be into whatever your partner is into. In fact if you feel that strongly about it you’re probably not a good match for each other. No matter how much you like each other’s personalities, sexual compatibility is a huge deal in a relationship. It’s okay that it was a dealbreaker for you. <|endoftext|>
37492	3	WIBTA if i told my best man he cant have his friend as his +1 at my wedding? My bestfriend who just turned 21 last month has been hanging around this older lady who is around the age of 42. Normally i would have no problem with this, but their friendship has a "more than friends" feel to it (although she is married with kids a few years younger than him). For instance, My fiance and i visted him on his birthday but while we were there she was showing him a video on his phone and when he went to turn it off she took shoved it into her bra and told him he would have to go in for it, which he said he would do. They do absolutely everything together and they had just gotten back from a week long camping trip together (with her husband, and without the kids). The big reason i have a huge problem with this is because he has only really been into girls when they are already in a relationship (which isnt healthy for him), and his dad had an affair on his mom when he was younger and i dont want him in the position of causing one. We are also not big fans of her and her personality. I know alot of this is just assumptions and suspicions. But i honestly want to know if i WBTA.<|response|> Ehh if they went on a camping trip with the husband this sounds more like a hotwife/poly type deal than an affair per se, if that makes any difference <|endoftext|>
90956	4	AITA: I find my best friend really annoying. I wasn't sure where else to post this so, here I am. Anyway, I've known my best friend for about 7 or 8 years now and I love her. She's funny, she's kind, she's beautiful and I feel guilty because I have no reason to resent her, at least maybe not until recently. She went to uni and since then I've just started to find her almost insufferable. Her accents changed ALOT, and I mean ALOT, enough so that all our friends think she's putting it on. She gets drunk most nights and parties alot (this is from uni, I see it on her snap story), and it just makes me think she's being so fake and trying too hard, which I'm sure she's not because she genuinely does like to party. She's also started casually smoking and doing some things I really don't think she should, like on her story her and her new uni friends stole a road sign. She said they returned it but still, c'mon that's a crime and it's dangerous. Lastly she always says this one line ever since she got back and it just makes me... ugh. I don't know. Maybe I'm jealous or something but it makes me not want to see her, even though I truly love her so so much. What should I do? AITA?<|response|> NAH - she’s finding herself at uni and doing all kinds of experimenting, and you’re not. She’s allowed to change and you’re allowed to change your feelings about her. <|endoftext|>
72574	4	AITA for getting my brother and his friends in trouble with my parents? This happened a little while ago, but it did lead to a sort of split and a lot of coldness on the side of my brother and his girlfriend. So I wanted to get an opinion, looking back. Around my 16th birthday, there was a little comic convention happening in my state. I was super, super excited to go to this. A friend and I made plans to go together on the second day, my birthday. My older brother (20) and his friends were going for all three days of the convention and were staying in a hotel nearby. My brother was also going to meet a girl (his now girlfriend) that he’d been long-distance with for a while at the convention. I showed up on Saturday in my costume, and my friend bailed on me. I didn’t really have anyone else to hang out with at the convention. I went to go find my brother and his friends. I know my brother thinks I’m embarrassing, but let me join his group anyway because I was all alone. I knew they were annoyed I was there and I felt really bummed out. They all decide to leave the convention and go back to their hotel room. There are like 10 people in this hotel room. My brother and his now-girlfriend get on the bed and start cuddling and making out. Another girl and her boyfriend were making out on the other bed. The other 6 were just watching them, drinking. I was grossed out and I said something like, “this is really weird.” My brother’s friend said, “if you’re bothered, you can just leave.” So I did. I went to the lobby and called my Mom crying, saying I was upset and wanted to go home. She asked why, I told her. I wasn’t here for this but my Mom called my brother and yelled at him for ruining my birthday, even if he had just met his then-girlfriend. She also said his friend who told me to leave was awful (she just hates him in general because he kicked a hole in our wall once). My brother called me and apologized, but sounded mad at me. Now this whole thing colors my relationship with him and his girlfriend, who thinks I was a drama queen. Was I an asshole for getting upset, leaving, and telling my Mom what happened? He did do me a favor by letting me hang out with him and his friends.<|response|> NAH. You are (were?) a 16 year old kid, it was your birthday. Of course you were upset. But also, I understand if your brother got upset since he wanted to hang out with his friends. I honestly can't really see the problem. They took care of you at the convent and then invited you to their party, you didn't like it and left. Of course your mother was upset at your brother, but it wasn't really his responsibility. Just sounds like normal family interaction when things don't go as planned. <|endoftext|>
165471	4	AITA for getting angry at my family for not telling me my brother had his driving test today? Yesterday when I arrived home from work, my mother asked me if it would be okay for my father to use my car the following morning. The reasoning was that the car he normally uses is not road worthy, and he needs to be in another town. I think about it and said of course, as I am off today and believe that he probably has an appointment or something like that. Today I wake up and find myself home alone. My mother has gone to work, my dad has the car, and weirdly my brother is gone too. I think to myself that he must have gone into town to see his girlfriend. At lunchtime everyone arrives home and I find them to be in reasonably good spirits. I asked my brother, 'What's going on, I sense something', and I don't get an immediate reaction. The penny had already dropped, and after some more questioning and allowing awkward pauses to ring out, my brother eventually announces that he passed his test. I congratulated him but in hindsight, I was already feeling less that jubilant for some reason. I'm generally a paranoid sort of person and don't like the feeling of being used or people having one over me. I sat down and asked him about his test but couldn't summon any good feelings. In fact, I was filling up with anger. I looked at my parents and asked outright, 'So that's why you needed my car? Because he had his test?' My mother confirmed this and I said, 'That's good to know.' Of course, the mood immediately turned sour and my mom got defensive but I repeated myself, stating that it's good to know about these things. She retorted that when I did my test it was kept a secret (I don't know what everyone else's stance on this is, but in our family if you do your driving test you don't tell anyone because if you fail it can be embarrassing... Personally I don't care). As usual, I fell for this whataboutery tactic and denied that happened and she affirmed that it did. I mean it was almost 10 years ago so who knows if I did - ultimately that wasn't what I was upset over. I left the room shortly afterward as my mother has a tendency to escalate things with her defensiveness. I feel bad as I have tainted what should be a joyous occasion, but I felt so pissed off about being used like that. Most of my small, retail paycheck goes into my car, and I think I am old enough and mature enough now to know something like a driving test going on in the house. Should I have just bitten my tongue or is there a way to bring this up later without pissing everyone off again?<|response|> YTA. I can tell from the way you type that you’re one of those guys (ie children living at home) who expects his family to tell him every thing going on on the house for whatever reason. You aren’t entitled to know. You should be proud of your brother and happy that you he got his license and is now a more responsible young adult, but you aren’t, because you think you’re entitled to each bit of knowledge. It doesn’t sound like you were used. It sounds like they asked to use your car and you didn’t ask any questions. For what it’s worth, if someone asked me to use my car because they had to be somewhere and their “main” vehicle isn’t road worthy - that’s a trip to the DMV. <|endoftext|>
181677	4	AITA for telling my girlfriend that her house doesn’t feel like my home So some backstory, I (21M) have basically been living with my girlfriend (21F) for roughly 6 months and although I technically don’t officially live with her. I still have my own apartment that I pay for and she pays fully for hers. Well while college was running I had programming I had to do every week and usually I didn’t do it until she would go out on weekends and I would do my homework for two reasons. 1 my homework was easier to do on my desktop because it has a dual boot with Linux on it and 2 because I just felt more comfortable doing my homework at my place. But I still went out weekends when I could like during thanksgiving break I went out with her twice (I’m not the person to go to bars so this wasn’t something I’m used to doing). Well now that school is out she asked if I wanted to go out with her friends yesterday and I said I wanted to spend time at my place so I could watch some TV and play some games with my friends online. That’s something I’ve left out though because I’ve been staying with her I haven’t been able to play games for months or talk to my friends on discord for that same amount of time because I’ve been spending time with her or doing school work. There isn’t enough room for my desktop and my setup at her place otherwise I’d bring it over to her place. Well after she said she didn’t go out with her friends I came back to her place with her being pissed at me. She said I never want to go out with her friends and I must not like spending time with her if I’d rather sit at my house and watch TV and play games then go out with her. Well later after she calmed down I told her that if I’m being honest her place doesn’t really feel like home since I don’t get to play games or talk to my friends and sometimes I like to go back to my house and recharge. Well she’s still pissed at me for saying that and I do agree with her somewhat that I really haven’t been going on enough dates and things like that but she’s pissed at me saying that it’s not her fault that I haven’t spoken to my friends (which I don’t think it is this is just what she said) but apparently we can’t share her friends either. She followed that with “because you’d rather do whatever the hell it is you do while I’m out than be with me”. She’s been holding the fact that I said her place doesn’t feel like home and I don’t feel recharged while I’m there over my head and being passive aggressive about it. So my question. AITA for telling her that I her place doesn’t feel like home and sometimes<|response|> NTA. You have different recharging styles. You sound more introverted and she is more extroverted. You should be able to spend time in your own space. Couples don't need to spend every minute together. <|endoftext|>
194179	4	AITA for calling out my friends for disgusting behavior? I was at the gym with two friends of mine today. We had been there for a long time and were about to leave but then my mom came. One of them whispered into my ear that my mom’s ass is so hot and that he would fuck the shit out of it and the other one pretended to be jerking off. I just told them loudly to stop sexualizing my mom and they left quickly. Now they sent me a text saying that I’m a douche for calling them out. I’m 18 and they are 19 and my mom is 39 and she is great looking.<|response|> NTA! Call people out when they are inappropriate! They definitely were TA, they know it's your mom and telling you how they want to F her is so gross in so many ways. No matter her age or looks <|endoftext|>
186876	4	AITA for continuing to get on my dads case about his health/weight? For my entire life, my dad has gone through periods of extreme weight gain and weight loss. He will literally put on 150 lbs. Sits like this for 2 or 3 years, then gets motivated and loses all of the weight and immediately starts gaining it all back. Thinking back, he has done this 3 or 4 times from what I can remember when I was a kid. I am 23 now, and I just moved to the city where my parents live after finishing school. My dad is huge... incredibly obese. He has now been at this weight for the last 6 or 7 years. He was diagnosed with diabetes and developed gout recently. He continues to say "its my addiction. Food is my addiction". I am so fucking sick of no one in my family saying anything. Everyone keeps telling me i need to mind my own business and let my father work it out on his own. I have ignored all of my family memebers and i continue to hound my dad about this almost every chance I get. Sometimes he accepts the criticism and other times he gets very angry with my comments. I am not saying anything offensive, but i make comments like "did you really need to eat that" or "you need to start exercising or look into fasting".. all he ever says is "im getting there" "i will soon". Im very nervous for his future. He has had high blood pressure almost his entire adult life and to be honest.. it keeps me up at night. Any day now something could happen, and if no one says anything, then in my opinion that is partially on the people around him for not taking action If it were me, and i was addicted to lets say heroin, people would most definitely say something to me and try and get me to go to rehab.. how is this any different? He is literally eating himself to death and i do not know what else to do. If I am the asshole, I am willing to accept this and cherish the days i have left with him. But if I am not, any advice on how I should move forward would be much appreciated. Edit: I appreciate everyones advice. I realize now the comments I am making won't help. I want to mention, I have tried to sit down with him and have serious conversations. They always end with him saying he knows he needs to change and will try, and nothing comes of it.<|response|> NTA but you're going about it all wrong. He needs to hear that you are very concerned because you love him and don't want to see him put himself in an early grave. He DOES NOT need criticism. He's likely already doing a very good job of that to himself. Talk to him, suggest counselling for an eating disorder. <|endoftext|>
4195	4	AITA for looking at other girls while in a relationship Am I in the wrong for admitting to my girlfriend that I do look at other girls that I find attractive? I never do it when I am with her as that is very disrespectful imo. She point-blank asked me whether or not I check out other girls bodies etc and now she is extremely mad at me for not getting the answer that she expected. I guess I am starting to feel guilty and I want another point of view on this situation.<|response|> NTA. You can't actively control who you find hot and as long as you love your girl and treat her good, neither of you have anything to fear. It's not like you're cheating on her or neglecting her, you just find people attractive, that's all. <|endoftext|>
164933	4	AITA For being annoyed at my friends saying they doubt they will attend my wedding? For context the wedding is in august of 2021 basically 2 years from now. I have let all my friends abroad know and a couple have stated they doubt they will attend. &#x200B; I understand that plane tickets are expensive especially US to UK however the wedding isnt for another 2 years and you can fly as cheap as 600 dollars. &#x200B; I don't have a problem with people saying they can't attend but a hard no is better than a doubt it so I can keep a consistant guest list. &#x200B; So tell me AITA for being annoyed? EDIT: should've mentioned this in the initial post. We have set aside funds to help those who have trouble paying for the tickets themselves to help them out.<|response|> YTA. Most working adults get 1 real vacation a year aside from holidays (if they are lucky and can afford it). You're saying they should allocate their vacation to attend your wedding just because you've given extended warning. Quite simply they probably don't want to, and that's fair. The cost is not simply the flight - it is also lodging, food, and loss of other travel & vacation options/opportunities. You're 2 years out. You do not need a solid guest list yet - you get the solid yes/no when you sed out invites with an RSVP date. <|endoftext|>
58079	3	AITA for leaving my friend alone outside the club? Last night I (22F) went out with two friends (let's call them V and S, both 23F) , to watch a DJ play at a local club. We met up outside the club around midnight, and there was a very long line already. After 15 minutes we realised that we wouldn't get in, so we considered leaving for another club nearby. But me and S were super keen on seeing this DJ, so we started talking to the security guard who was standing by the backdoor, trying to get him to sneak us in. He eventually decided that he would let me and S in, because we had prepaid tickets, but not V, because she didn't have a prepaid ticket. I felt really bad for V, but we went inside anyways. I tried to get the guard to let her in, but he wouldn't. Am I the ass hole for leaving V outside the club? She ended up walking home alone, and I feel kind of bad.<|response|> YTA That's just plain harsh, isn't there like a girl code or something? You all should have relocated, never leave a friend out. EDIT: Spelling (shout to should) <|endoftext|>
46042	2	AITA for calling out a gentrifier? The other day my friends and I went to a new-to-us bar, let’s say we live in Springfield. This particular bar is located in East Springfield. Out of ~12 people in our group only 1 lives and works in East Springfield. She was the one who suggested the bar. She works in the service industry like many people in East Springfield. East Springfield is historically a grungy neighborhood but it’s well known for having cool bars and restaurants. Downtown Springfield also has nightlife, but it’s filled with tourists and is more expensive, so young people often go out in East Springfield instead. East Springfield is rapidly gentrifying, so the artists and lower wage earners who live there are being pushed out. These are the people who staff the bars, restaurants, and shops all around town, and make Springfield a cool place that tourists want to visit and locals feel proud to live in. It bothers me a lot, even though I live in West Springfield and have a yuppie job. One of the people in the group, Karen, is in her late 30s, lives in North Springfield, works a yuppie job downtown, and is a relatively recent transplant from out of state. She seemed happy enough at the bar that night and was gushing over the craft cocktails. A few nights later, however, Karen complained that she hated the bar. I probably should have held my tongue but I asked why. She said that it was “very East Springfield.” One of her complaints was that she didn’t like the crowd there and how a lot of people were smoking outside. I hate smoking too and was congested all night because of the secondhand smoke, but the bar is a local bar catering to locals living in the surrounding neighborhood. (In Springfield, you’re pretty much either a locals bar or a tourist bar. If you Google this bar, you’ll find interviews with the owners saying that their foremost goal is to appeal to local residents and become a neighborhood hangout.) I told Karen that we may not like the place or ever go back, but it wasn’t fair of us to go to East Springfield and then complain when bars there cater to people living there. I told her I was worried that East Springfield was going to become “downtown-ified” and she got really defensive and said she didn’t want it to become downtownified, she just didn’t like the bar or the crowd. She then compared it to another East Springfield dive bar that she recently went to and had dissed in the group chat along similar lines. She didn’t take it well so now I’m wondering AITA?<|response|> YTA. You're allowed to like things. She's allowed to dislike things. Act like an adult. <|endoftext|>
162340	3	AITA for refusing to pay a cleaning bill on a house I subletted? My boyfriend and I moved into a college house in January when the previous tenant graduated. We never paid a security deposit (not even informally to the previous tenant) and weren’t signed on the lease, just a sublettor’s agreement. We did our best to keep our room clean and tidy but our roommates were kind of gross... I’m talking when we moved in, there were a bunch of mildewed dishes in the broken dishwasher, and when we moved out, as far as I know, they were still there. The kitchen was awful (lots of mice and roaches. I had to spend a day and scrubbed out the fridge so that we even could use it.) Once they threw a house party and left a sticky, half-full keg of jungle juice on the ground for months. Another party ended in the back doorknob disappearing. Someone replaced it with aluminum foil. We weren’t super interested in wasting our money/time on cleaning this gross house besides our own private room, so we pretty much just kept to ourselves. The landlord let us know that on move out day he expected the whole house cleared and passably clean and that if it wasn’t clean enough, he would have to hire a cleaning crew which came out of the security deposit. (The fact that it came out of the security deposit is well documented.) My boyfriend and I spent time making sure our room, bathroom, kitchen supplies, etc. were spotless, but since we didn’t pay a security deposit anyway we figured we didn’t really owe them anything. Well, the house didn’t get clean and the landlord hired a $300 cleaning crew (which was extremely reasonable in my opinion considering how disgusting the house was.) Instead of taking it out of the security deposit before returning it to those who paid in, the girl in charge of the lease is trying to charge us for the cleaning fee. I think that since it was clearly coming out from the deposit, and they never asked us to pay a deposit, I shouldn’t have to pay the bill. AITA for refusing to pay it?<|response|> Do not pay. You did your part. If the landlord isn’t asking it from it, then you’re fine. Just block your roommates number and move on sounds like she is trying to make money off of you guys <|endoftext|>
174099	3	AITA for pressuring my boyfriend to stick around for our baby? Here is the background: I (21F) unexpectedly got pregnant. My boyfriend (20M) is currently on parole after serving time for a minor legal issue. Neither of us make much money; he works at an animal shelter and I’m a gas station clerk. I’m about 14 weeks. Anyway, about three months ago, my boyfriend broke into my dad’s truck. He had been drinking, and I’m not sure about the why behind it. The windshield was cracked and he threw up on the upholstery. My dad was pretty pissed and he wanted to press charges, but I convinced him not to. The charges would have meant my boyfriend would go back to jail. Which brings us to now. My boyfriend and I had a verbal agreement that I would have an abortion if I ever got pregnant. I can’t use hormonal birth control, so we were doing condoms, but that failed. Now that I’m actually pregnant, I want to keep the baby and try to be a family. Every time I think of getting rid of it, I just feel broken inside. My boyfriend didn’t like that, and he threatened to leave me to raise our baby alone. I brought up the truck thing, and I told him that my dad and I would go to the police if he tried to duck his responsibilities. We have photos of the “crime scene” (if you can call it that), and I also have texts where he admits it. So far he’s staying, but I feel like this is almost blackmailing. However, it’s really important that kids have a dad, and I really want that for my baby. I also think my boyfriend will regret it if he misses out on our baby’s childhood. I guess I can see it both ways, so I’m turning to you Reddit. AITA?<|response|> ESH. Your boyfriend for being a criminal with poor impulse control, you for letting criminals with poor impulse control knock you up and then trying to blackmail them rather than get an abortion as agreed and as responsible. <|endoftext|>
17461	2	AITA for breaking it off with a girl for fucking my best friend in the past. This is all happening tonight, but I had just got home after this girl had given me head and I was telling one of my friends. That friend brought up that this girl had fucked my best friend. While I understand that this was months ago, I can’t get over the fact that she has fucked my best friend in the past. I’ve brought this up with her and she’s told me that she didn’t like him and it was just for sex (even though I don’t think that’s better) and that she likes me very much even though we’ve only been seeing each other for about a week. She’s calling herself a hoe and all this and I feel like I should just cut her off. AITA?<|response|> NTA - If you don't like someone for any reason you don't have to date them. Simple <|endoftext|>
135765	3	AITA for faking a disability? Okay maybe the title is a little click bait-ey let me explain, I recently moved from a relatively small town were I lived with my parents were public transport didn't exist and they could drive me places, to a much bigger city for university. I have a defect that affects my heart and I cant stand up for very long because my blood just isn't pumping enough. So I dont drive and am now relying on public transport and i often travel to class at peak times as thats how my schedule works. There has been a number of times I've been shunned/yelled at even on the bus or train for sitting in the priority seat, as to anyone around me I just look like a healthy young girl. The other day it hit breaking point when an older man yelled at me for not getting up to offer him a seat, I just couldn't take it much longer. so that evening when I got the bus home i turned my left foot out witch forced me to walk awkwardly with a limp, I immediately got on the bus and sat down in the priority seat without a fuss it was the easiest bus ride I've had, but i felt super guilty and im not sure if ill ever do it again... am i the ashole for doing that, would i be if i kept at it?<|response|> NTA. And do what you've got to do to get by. If faking an outward disability to get people off your back because they can't see your inward disability works, then keep at it. <|endoftext|>
22558	4	AITA For not feeling heavily emotional about my friend's death? I had a friend from Kindergarten to 4th grade whom I just recently discovered had passed away. I've never experienced something like that before but what scares me is that when the news was broken to me, I wasn't insanely upset. I mean, yes, I was sad. Still am. He was my best friend for the longest time. But after 4th grade, we didn't really ever talk again, so I think the connection kinda broke. I'm not sure how or when he died. What's even more concerning is that the funeral is in a week or two and I'm kinda considering missing out on it. I'm most likely going to go, but out of respect for his family. I feel like I'm underreacting over the loss of a good friend.<|response|> NAH. Your friendship ended in 4th grade. You're not mourning an adult man that you know well, you only have the distant memory of a childhood pal. It would be nice if you went to the funeral, but you're not obligated to go. <|endoftext|>
96943	3	AITA for banning my Mother-in-law from drinking About 3 years ago my Mother-in-law (MIL) moved into an apartment with myself, my wife, and my son due to a bad break up with her husband. We've had a number of conversations regarding alcohol use and had agreed that she had to keep it in her room if she wanted to drink so it wasn't around my son. I don't drink and my wife rarely drinks. MIL is on a dozen different perscribed medications for things like allergies, trouble sleeping, thyroid, depression, anxiety, and chronic pain. She says the pills don't work well for her so she supplements with with alcohol "so they work better". She buys hard liquor and drinks in her room. While in the apartment, she had her own floor so it was kept mostly to herself and had a few times that I'm aware of where she was completely hammered and needed assistance. I would say 1 or 2 times a year. My wife had dealt with it more than I did so I don't know the exact number. A few months ago, I bought a house and kept the same rules and she moved in with us. Last week, she had another episode where she drank to the point where she couldn't see and required a trip to the hospital. While drunk, she told me she drank too much on purpose. I decided to ban her from drinking in the house while she was at the hospital recovering without discussing it with her and confiscated the alcohol she had left. This is extremely impactful as she refuses/unable to drive anywhere herself so she can't go out to drink, effectively forcing her to sober up. She got back from the hospital and flipped out. She is claiming I'm in the wrong because she's an adult, she lives here too, she can do what she wants to her body, and says she won't comply. She stated it wasn't the alcohol that caused the latest episode and what she said while drunk was a lie. She does pay rent but there is no official agreement for the current living situation. I am concerned about her and my family which is why I made the decision. My wife refuses to go one way or another on it. AITA for wanting to ban her from drinking? Follow up edit: Thank you for those that responded and provided additional insights I did not consider. I sat down with MIL and had a discussion with her. After both explaining our grievances we agreed to a compromise. She will be allowed to drink but it must be in moderation. She will also be seeking medical care for the issues with pills not being effective. If there are any future problems, I'll talk with her first before taking action. Thank you all.<|response|> NTA: honestly, it all comes down to your child. Kids aren’t stupid and they pick-up on what’s going on. You don’t want them to think copious amounts of pills and booze is normal. If she’s an adult, as she claims, then she can move out and adult on her own. <|endoftext|>
169720	2	AITA for getting an exact replica made of the necklace I gave my ex? So I had this necklace for the longest time, I'm a 22M so this was basically my only piece of jewelry, and it meant a lot to me. A few months ago I gave it to my then girlfriend, as a way of showing her how much she meant. It was our two-year anniversary. Last months things shit the bed, and she broke up with me. After the usual feelings I wanted my necklace back. Obviously I couldn't do that, so I did something better. I had an exact copy (same materials, same ring in the middle) made, for myself. It was basically a message to myself to get over her, that everyone and everything can be replaced and basically, a sign of victory over her, to be a bit harsh. Anyway, I get my necklace back, and I happen to run into my ex. She immediately notices my necklace and kinda deflates. We go our separate ways only to hear from a mutual friend that she's pissed, because of the history behind the original necklace, and that she feels like I'm "cheapening the past" or some bull. Finally, mutual friend asks me for the reason, and I tell him bluntly, that it's to send a message to myself, the thing I mentioned earlier about being replaceable. This gets back to my ex and both of them are on my back calling me an asshole and a bunch of shit. AITA here? I basically wanted a token of moving on, and now I'm getting shit for it<|response|> NTA. How does doing something meant to be a reminder of a life lesson that helped you heal make you an ass? You weren't out to hurt anyone or rub anything in <|endoftext|>
175520	4	WIBTA for wanting a day for myself? Am I/would I be the asshole for this? It’s honestly a long story but my mom (50yo) abused me (mentally, psychologically. A long story, there in itself) and I cut her off until recently, she’s been in a coma for 3 months, and has no income, no wallet, nothing. The organization that was helping her with that dropped her case and she’s living in her disgusting condo again that I technically own. I know I need to get her out of there so we can fix it up and make it livable, I plan to do that. But I’m 21 years old, working full time, I don’t drive, and I go to college. I’m stressed out and no one will help me other than tell me what I already know or tell me what needs to be done. I’m tired and I haven’t had time to unwind. I just want a peaceful holiday season since I never seem to have a peaceful one ever. Am I the asshole for planning to take a day for myself? I’ve made calls today, tried to find her missing stuff and looked into potential temp lodging. I don’t plan on answering anything tomorrow or doing anything regarding this since she’s in no immediate danger and will be ok for the moment (shelter, bed, water, food, the essentials) But I feel like everyone else involved will think I’m a prick for this. I’m just tired of being called every day and harassed with the same thing. I’m doing my best but no one wants to listen. Especially with the fact, EVERYONE wants me to have her live with me, which I can't even if I wanted to (which, honestly, shes impossible to live with, its how she is and if I couldn't live with her when I was a kid how I can fair better now) and there is no room in my home for her at all. But of course, that's something that no one seems to want to understand.<|response|> NTA! Mental health is important! You take that day for yourself- rest, relax and re charge. You’re doing a lot already with work, school, and trauma. It is ok to take care of yourself. It’s ok to make yourself a priority even if no one else agrees! I hope you can take time for yourself and do not feel guilty. <|endoftext|>
97419	5	AITA for telling my manager that if her pregnancy is effecting her decision making then she shouldn't be in her position? Some context: I am a 27F working in a factory, my position involves sorting mail and dealing with returns and damages. I started my position making $14 which was more then what the truck loaders were making but once minimum wage increased to $14 my pay didn't increase. I was denied a raise and was told that my position was no more important then theirs. Current issue: I'm taking a week of vacation, my manager Heather aggressively confronted me saying that it was really inconsiderate of me to take that much time off and that it's unprofessional for my position. I told her that I make just as much a loaders and they wouldn't be questioned for using their vacation week. She said that my position is imortant and not as easily filled while I'm gone. I said that I was told otherwise and that if she felt that way then I should be compensated as such. Later in the day she came back and apologized saying that she's five months pregnant and hormones are making her emotional but that I put her in a very bad spot and that I need reconsider taking my vacation. I told her that she's the one that approved my vacation months ago and if her pregnancy is effecting her behavior and decision making then maybe she shouldn't be in her position. She left very uspet and told my coworkers that I said she wasn't fit for her job because she's pregnant and that I was acting all high and mighty asking for a raise. I've got a lot people calling me an asshole and a few agreeing me. AITA? Update: I just got off work and went to Heathers office to apologize but a lead told me she left crying. So Heather told everyone in the office what happened and they took Heather off floor management and scheduling, another manager Alex apologized to me for her behaviour and told me that she was supposed to have someone there for the week I'm off but forgot and tried getting me to rescedual, and that it was inappropriate to do so. Should I still text her and apologize? Update 2: I texted her apologizing for what I said and she apologized for trying to pressure me to cover her mistake. She said she was switching with Alex to office manager until her maternity leave and she feels less stressed by office then floor which I said was good and I wished her the best. Overall I think it ended well.<|response|> NTA, because: >she's five months pregnant and hormones are making her emotional but that I put her in a very bad spot and that I need reconsider taking my vacation. An apology that says "I'm sorry, but [complaint about person being apologized to]" is no apology at all. If Heather had come back later and reversed her stance on your vacation I would say there was some merit to her excuse that she let pregnancy hormones get the better of her. But if she's coming back to you *after* the moment of anger and still trying to rescind your vacation, that's not hormones. That's her fucking up as a manager and failing to arrange for adequate staffing/coverage so that employees can receive full compensation, and using "pregnancy hormones" as an excuse. Your vacation days are part of your compensation package and you deserve to be able to take them. While you're not wrong that she can't have it both ways (either she's too irrational to manage or she isn't), in real world office politics terms I think you should stay very far away from implying that she's unfit for her job. That's just not going to end well for you no matter how in the right you are. <|endoftext|>
192354	1	AITA for how I responded to a question. This happened just before Christmas. I am from the UK, I currently live in a South American country with my girlfriend who is a local. An old friend of my girlfriend called S, came to visit us just before Christmas. This friend is from the same country as my girlfriend, but now lives in the USA with her husband who is from Central America. We were having dinner at an outdoor picnic place, with some friends of S, they all started catching up on what is happening in their lives. I was only slightly paying attention, at the time I was in the process of changing jobs so I had a lot of messages coming and going. My girlfriend and S got onto a topic and asked me a question about it, the conversation went something like this: GF: We went to the UK last year. S, did you know that in the UK they say 'Asian' to mean people from India? S (Looks at me): Really!?! Me (Confused): Yeah. S: Why? Me: What continent is India in? S: Asia. Me: So that's why we call people from India, Asian. That was really the end of it. We had a nice meal, talked some more and went home. When we got home my girlfriend said that the way I responded was a bit patronising and rude for someone just asking a question. She was worried that I made her feel stupid for asking the question. AITA<|response|> NTA obviously. <|endoftext|>
43135	3	AITA for assuming a friend would honour a voucher for her business after it had "expired"?? Ok this has been bugging me so I'd appreciate some outside opinions...My husband's best mate (Jason) has a gf (Cindy) who is known to be quite self absorbed and difficult but we try out best to get along with her for Jason's sake. Last year Cindy moved into Jason's house and a few months later decided to quit her job and start a massage business (non sexual of course) from the front room of the house. This caused some tension between them as she was not contributing financially and after a couple of months she had virtually no customers nor made any real effort to get any. To try and ease the situation my husband purchased a $100 gift voucher from her so I could get a massage and help her out with her business. I was pregnant at the time though and had very bad morning sickness so I couldn't use it right away, then as I became heavily pregnant I didn't feel that comfortable getting a massage. Fast forward to a couple of months after my baby is born (about 10 months after the voucher was purchased) I contact Cindy to ask if I could book the massage in. She said no problem but she is studying for her advanced massage therapy and could only do appointments on a Thursday. Unfortunately this didn't work for me as I had newborn and my MIL (my only babysitter at the time) was only available on Wednesdays and Fridays (husband worked during the day). So I said I'd leave it for now as I was still breast feeding and preferred to wait until that was over (for reasons other mums will get but probably TMI here). I finally contact Cindy again 14 months after the voucher was purchased and she tells me that it had unfortunately expired (12 month validity apparently)... when I pointed out that I couldn't book the appointment as she was only available Thursdays she (very reluctantly) relented and said that since I was a friend she would be willing to allow me to use the voucher "as a good will gesture this time". Now I know she did finally agree to still honour the voucher but she really made it feel like she was treating me like a random customer and doing me a massive favour. We would never have bought the voucher if it weren't to try and help her in the first place. So I told her to forget it and threw out the voucher... and now she isn't speaking to me as she thinks I threw her gesture in her face and was not supportive of her business and my husband is annoyed that I wasted $100. So AITA here? Should I have just said thanks and booked the massage? &#x200B; \*\*EDIT - sorry I forgot to add an important part to the post. There was NO expiry date on the voucher, it was typed up in Word and had<|response|> NTA honestly it sounds like she's biting the hand that feeds her. It's obvous the voucher was charity. It was so weird that she says that it had expired. <|endoftext|>
20863	2	AITA for changing my valentine’s day plans? My boyfriend has been upset with me since Valentine’s day. About a week before Valentine’s Day my bf and I made plans to do a date at his house (I life about 45 minutes away at college and so we see each other about twice a week at most). However on Valentine’s Day I decided that I would rather just stay at my dorm with my friends and do a date the next week or something. When I told my bf this he got upset because ig he planned a bunch of romantic shit by learning my favorite childhood songs on guitar and dinner and stuff but how could I have known? He didn’t tell me before I canceled. AITA?<|response|> YTA--- obviously you can't cancel your plans with your significant other ON Valentine's day you dipshit <|endoftext|>
143484	3	AITA for Lying to HR, Enforcing Double-Standards on a Single Employee, and Trying to Get Her Fired? EDIT: I made it quite clear to 'Karen' that as long as her work is being done, 'I see nothing, hear nothing' when she confronted me about my supposed snooping. I am highlighting the relevant portion from my original post since people either seem to not see it, or misunderstand it. EDIT 2: I am absolutely **horrified** that so many people in this subreddit think that I, the supervisor, can **explicitly** tell my employees that they can just mess around on the internet while at work. **What country do you live in that allows this to be spelled out by management?** It's all nods and winks because I can't just tell people they can come to work and goof off. I'm a supervisor and I'm pretty laid back. For my department, if you don't notice anything's wrong, then we're doing our job right. There's quite a bit of downtime and I don't mind my people going on social media, Reddit, YouTube (wearing headphones), or even planning their vacations on work computers **as long as their work is getting done.** Enter: Karen. New hire, late-20s, is new to the job but learns fast and seems to know what she's doing. The older employees know I don't care if I'm walking by and I see someone surfing the web or watching videos. Karen's new so she automatically 'Windows Key'+M (shortcut to minimize all active windows) everytime I walk by and I chuckle but otherwise say nothing else. Since her desk is near the center of the office, I walk by quite frequently. After several times being 'caught' browsing sites, she minimizes everything and turns to me and asks if everything is alright. I say 'Yeah' and Karen's co-worker giggles. **She takes it the wrong way and says she doesn't enjoy being spied on and that if I had a problem I should just say it. I'm stunned speechless for a few seconds and then I tell her that as long as her work is being done, I see nothing, hear nothing.** Over the next few weeks, since walking around her area is unavoidable, I end up reinforcing the impression that I'm still 'snooping' on her. She gets so upset that she takes it up with HR. I get dragged in and when they ask me if I 'snoop' on her I say I'm not snooping on anyone at all. Karen says I'm lying since I'm always 'trying to catch her in the act' while leaving everyone else alone. To stop her from throwing everyone else under the bus, **I straight-up lie and say nobody is doing anything inappropriate.** HR wanted proof, I refused to spy on my employees for this purpose, and since Karen had nothing concrete, HR closed the meeting to 'deliberate further'. After the meeting was over, word gets out (not from me) that Karen tried to screw everyone over and the entire department becomes a hostile workplace, with people being paranoid now of being<|response|> NTA Because she’s the one that dragged you into HR. She created this entire situation mostly because she doesn’t seem to understand that if a desk is in a busy part of the office it is going to be frequently walked by. <|endoftext|>
125274	3	AITA for being angry my partner did not introduce me? Let me start with the backstory here. I went to the a baby shower of my partners niece today. This niece has pretty much had nothing to do with my partners (her mothers) side of the family for years, but she nevertheless invited my partner and me. I knew it would be uncomfortable to be there around her dad's side of the family whom I know none of. And yet I felt it important to be there for my partner to show support. So we get there and people say hi to my partner and it's awkward, they look at me and I can tell they are wondering who I am and why the future mother's aunt showed up with a stranger. My partner chit chats and makes uncomfortable small talk to catch up and never once even says my name to introduce me. About an hour and a half into the shower I mention to my partner that literally one person in the room knows my name. She brushed it off and did nothing. Now we are in a huge fight because I told her it hurt my feelings and she says she was overwhelmed and didn't think to introduce me. For 2 hours? We are in a same sex relationship and my partner is pretty private but she didn't even introduce me by name or anything, never the less say my partner. Am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA Super rude for them to not introduce you at all. Certainly you could have taken upon yourself to do so though. <|endoftext|>
55298	3	AITA for changing the Wifi Password AITA for changing the wifi password? My roommate absolutely sucks. He is just inconsiderate, an asshole and self centered. Because he pays the electric bill (even though we split it each month when he gets the bill) he decided that HE should be the only one who can control the AC, so he set it at 78 and but a lock box over it. I confronted him about it, he said that he thought our bill was too high and since its in his name, it's his credit that get messed up, blah blah blah blah, a bunch of bullshit excuses. Note he does not own the house we live in, we are both renters. Well, while I was debating just ripping this stupid lock box off the wall I remembered that I pay for our Wifi, and he "forgets" every time to pay me for half of it. (Going through weeks upon weeks of, "oh I'll get you double next month, etc.) Since we moved in together 8 months ago, he has only paid me for his half once. We live in a bad service area too so you NEED the wifi or your not doing anything. So, I texted him an invoice for the 7 months he has not paid, changed the Wifi password and said I would give him the new one once he removed the box off the wall and paid me back for my seven months. He is pretty upset and said I was being an asshole. I said I was just repaying him the favor. Am I TA?<|response|> NTA. People who vote e-s-h are missing an important point. This is not about being petty. He installed lockbox without discussing it with you. He’s playing a power game, and you need a level field to come into any negotiation about your future as roommates. He decided unilaterally to change something about utilities, and you were within your rights to do the same. Some things to consider. Don’t believe any promises of “paying in the future”. He pays now and removes the AC lock, then you’re on equal footing again. Only THEN you negotiate how things might or might not change going forward. Don’t give him admin rights to change the wifi password once he pays. Lastly, consider changing roommates as soon as the lease expires. <|endoftext|>
135408	3	AITA, because I "stole my friend's girl" So this happened today but I’m going to provide a little context. I had been talking to this girl for a while we’ll call Abby. Abby and I had gone to homecoming at my school and hung out on Halloween and a few times in between, usually with friends as well. Eventually, she broke it off with me because she didn’t have time for a relationship because of how busy she was. Her schedule became available and she started talking to my friend, (we’ll call Kyle) they hit it off pretty well and spent time together for a while but she lost feelings. Last weekend I found out she got really drunk with her friends and started spouting about how she didn’t like Kyle and wanted to get back with me. The night after her friends hmu and asked if I would think about getting back with her, I did and said yes, but she hadn’t broken it off with him yet. So we agreed we wouldn’t start talking until the summer after she broke it off with him to spare his feelings and not make it seem like she dropped him for me. I had stupidly told one of my friends (we’ll call jack, short for jack ass) after telling him to keep it secret because I wanted to spare Kyle’s feelings. Of course, the second jack gets he tells Kyle why Abby broke things off. Now Kyle hates me and hasn’t said a word since, he’s just been dead eyeing me all day and will probably try to fight me. So Reddit AITA? Edit: we’re all good all of us made up Abby might be mad at me though but I can deal.<|response|> YTA for misleading your friend. Just be honest with him. <|endoftext|>
188753	2	AITA for calling a shoe repair shop over and over until they answered my call? I needed a shoe repair done, and wanted to try out a local place. I had an important question I wanted to ask them before I decided to go with them (pertaining to the repair of the specific type of shoe I wanted to bring in) and called them, well within their business hours. The phone rang about six times and went to voicemail. I hung up, called back, and it went to voicemail again. I called back again and again, letting it ring until it went to voicemail, hanging up and calling back. According to my phone records, I called 28 times. Eventually, a guy picked up and he sounded very frustrated. He answered my question, and I came in an hour later. When I came in to the shop and saw the guy, and he recognized my voice and shoe type. He told me that it’s just him working there today, and when I was calling it had been extremely busy and he didn’t have time to answer the phone. He said it was really rude of me to call that many times and I should have left a voicemail and waited for him to get back. But my question was a super short and simple one (when he finally picked up, it took him like 15 seconds tops to answer my question). AITA?<|response|> YTA and super narcissistic. Has it ever occured to you that they weren't answering the phone because they *couldn't*? <|endoftext|>
74895	2	AITA for abandoning my friends during an outing? I have extreme depression and anxiety. This results in me having constant panic attacks so I never like going out. I hate crowds, meeting new people and just talking in general. My friends have gotten use to it so they know I rarely go out with them and when I do, it always takes a lot of effort and it’s physically and mentally exhausting. It was almost my birthday and I felt really happy and energetic, so I decided to ask my friends to go to the movies with me and I’d pay to celebrate. Most of them agreed so we went. The only thing I asked, was to not invite anybody else. We all meet at the movies. My friend group got there before me because I live the furthest away. I see my friends with around 4-5 other people. I instantly began to worry and I knew they were staying for the whole thing, but I joined the group anyways. My friends said hi to me and we all walked into the theatre after we got our tickets and food. The people were very loud and not the kind of people I’d hangout with. They talked about smoking weed and drinking and kept asking if I could buy them some. I don’t like talking to people, so I ignored them. They began calling me “weird” and “strange”. I just wanted to get out of there. I began to hyperventilate and I knew I was about to have a panic attack. I plugged my AirPods in and began to play music to calm down. One of the girls took one out and began to listen to the music saying “rich girl” and making annoying remarks. I had enough and left half way through the movie. I called my mum and she picked me up. I went home and a few hours later I got a bunch of texts in our gc. They were all angry with me saying stuff like “why would you leave us like that”, “Your actually so unappreciative of us”, “we left our houses just to hangout with you” and stuff like that. I feel bad because I’m the one who asked them to come out with me but I left them. I didn’t really talk to their friends either, so I can’t blame them. So do you think I’m the antagonist? Also, important point: I HAVE A STUTTER. It’s the main reason I don’t talk to anyone and I only really make an exception when I need to talk to my teammates in games or to teachers (etc) Edit: I forgot to mention, me and my friend group did make it up and I apologised but I do no longer hangout with them. I should’ve told them I was leaving but I let my frustration get to me and staying polite while also on the edge of bursting into tears is difficult. Edit 2: yes, I am now in therapy and my social skills are getting better. I have<|response|> NTA. It sounds like your friends are using you for your money. Who the fuck invites other people who are straight up asking you for money and disrespecting you? You need new and better friends. <|endoftext|>
63169	4	AITA for not agreeing to house my pregnant teenage sister and her delinquent boyfriend after our parents disowned her? My family and I grew up very poor. From when I was old enough to legally work, I (19F) have had to take on multiple jobs while balancing school to help with my family and my younger sister. Growing up, I never had a lot and whatever money I earned I would spend on my sister (16F) and family. When I was 18 and had just been accepted into college, my dad's business that he'd worked on for the past couple of years finally took off. This also meant that my sister could now have a normal high school experience without worrying about money. While I was in college, I wasn't in contact with my sister that much since I was so busy with schoolwork. However, from our calls and her social media, I could tell she had changed completely and was involved with some bad people. She would post videos on her snapchat of her getting drunk, smoking weed, juuling, driving while most likely drunk/high, etc. I tried reaching out to her, but she would mostly deny the claims and told me to mind my own business. At some point, she justified her actions using the argument, "This is what the cool kids do now, not everyone was a nerd like you in high school." One of my high school friends who also has a brother in the same grade reach out to me and said that she heard that my sister was seeing a sketchy guy from another school. Apparently he sells drugs and was expelled from my sister's high school. I asked my sister about this and she denied it. Last week I got a phone call from my mom who was sobbing. She tells me that my sister is pregnant. I was so shocked that I could not speak. Then I was angry. When I was her age and even younger, I gave her everything and so did my parents so she could have all the opportunities her peers had. Since my dad's business became lucrative, they've given her every opportunity to succeed (any extracurricular/sport she wants, academic tutoring, school activities, etc.). I never got any of those things. It angered me so much that she took all of this for granted and fucked up her life. The father? Her delinquent "boyfriend" who got expelled and sells drugs. She blows up my phone but I don't respond. She then sends me a series of long text messages asking if she can crash at my place. She also asked me if I could make her an appointment to see a doctor. Lastly, she asked if it would be okay if her boyfriend comes and stays over sometimes. I shut her down. I told her that you dug this hole for yourself. If you allowed yourself to become pregnant, then you should be able to deal with the consequences. Also, I’m currently sharing a small apartment with two roommates! She begged<|response|> NTA. It hurts to watch family suffer consequences of their actions, but you aren’t refraining from helping to be vindictive or to get even. You aren’t helping her because the way she’s treated you and your family. It’s hard to do but you are NTA. <|endoftext|>
185053	2	AITA for letting my son eat a yogurt pouch while we shopped? Yesterday was my birthday, though I’m not sure that’s relevant to the story. I took the day off work and spent the day with my 13 month old son. We slept in, had waffles for breakfast, then headed to a nearby city to run some errands. We stopped at a restaurant for lunch, but my typically good little eater spent the entire time flirting with our waitress instead of eating his food. Our final stop was the grocery store. He loves shopping, but was still hungry. We picked up some smoothie pouches about half way through and he really wanted one so I opened it for him. He ate it throughout the rest of my shopping and I made sure he didn’t spill anywhere. When we got the the checkout, I put the cap back on and paid for it, then explained and asked the cashier to throw it in the garbage behind the counter. I casually mentioned it to my husband and he thinks it was tacky and rude to let him eat it before I paid. I think as long as I paid for it and he didn’t make a mess, it’s not a big deal. AITA here?<|response|> Nta you paid for it and you kept your baby from crying throughout the store. I'd take a baby happily eating yogurt in a grocery store over screaming and crying bc its hungry every day of the week lol. <|endoftext|>
140597	5	AITA for demanding that my roomie crate his puppy? Roommate is one of my oldest friends, who asked to move in with me because he was in a bad living situation. I own the house. Roomie has an adorable 6-month old puppy. He's pretty obedient for his age and very sweet and affectionate, but he's not housebroken and is destructive. When we're gone, the puppy gets into the trash, chews up (my) stuff and has chewed three holes in the kitchen linoleum, which I have paid to repair. Roommate works out of town and is gone 10-12 hours a day. I come home for lunch every day to take all the dogs out (I have 3, he has 2, the aforementioned pup and his mama. Mama is the best-behaved dog in the house.) Every day, it's a giant mess or something of mine destroyed that I have to clean up, and the same thing when I get home from work. I've asked roomie to put the pup in the crate before he goes to work but he doesn't ("he's never been in a crate his entire life." I don't care dude, you're not the one CONSTANTLY cleaning up messes after him.) Am I a jerk for telling my friend, either the dog goes in the crate or the rent goes up? &#x200B; UPDATE: Had a talk with my roomie and once I explained my concerns for the dog's safety, he completely understood. Puppy is doing okay in the crate (I went outside for a bit and listened to see if he cried when he was in the crate and he didn't.) Now we just have to work on training. Thanks for the advice, everybody!<|response|> NTA. I want to say YTA just cause I have a soft spot for dogs, and would probably let my entire house be caught on fire before I yell at a dog, but looking at this realistically, you’re not in the wrong here. <|endoftext|>
42449	3	AITA? I love to give people attention for no reason and then move on. I’ve always been a pretty touchy person, nothing sexual, but I love to hug people, hold their hand, poke them, heck I even give my friends messages (again not sexual) for fun. I definitely give people way more attention than they are willing to give me, doesn’t really bother me though. I’ve noticed however, that people take me and the attention I give them for granted, as if I’m somewhat disposable. I’m not socially inept in any way, so I can definitely tell people tend to think I’m lesser than them. These people aren’t bad people by any means and I’m sure if you ask them they don’t think of me as any less than themselves, but their actions definitely tell another story. For instance, they tend to think I can’t be serious about things or that I’m incapable of comprehending certain things. (This is definitely not the case, although I’m very private about my merit, I scored in the 1 percentile on the SAT and have maintained a very high GPA throughout college) I get it, I’m an extremely energetic person. So here’s the dilemma. I give people so much attention that they think of us as really close friends (or sometimes more than that), but in reality I don’t really care about them that much. I just like giving people attention and I don’t expect much back at all. When I move on, they get either really angry or really upset. They clearly have an emotional investment in me, I mean I’m always there to listen to their problems and give them solid advice. (Raised by a psychologist, she’s taught me a thing or two about helping people through tough times) During our friendship they always seem to see me as the disposable one, always down to hangout or do whatever, but when I’m ready to move on I feel like they’re being disposed of by me. Truthfully, I seldom invest into friendships emotionally. I’m quite a private person and I’m not sure these people are aware that I know *much* more about them than they know about me. Am I the asshole for giving them a false sense of friendship?<|response|> YTA. It's called [love bombing] and it's abusive. <|endoftext|>
80509	3	WIBTA If I told my friend about a gauche comment made by a third party? In 2016, my friend "Megan" was in the early stages of planning her wedding. She is Iranian, and was contemplating having a wedding in Greece, since some members of her family would not be able to come to the United States. She could not go to Iran, and her brother cannot leave Iran, so no matter what, the family would still be split. I was elated for her to be married, and could care less where she wanted the wedding to happen. &#x200B; We have a mutual friend we will call Nick, who is married to a long time friend of mine. Nick and I are much closer, due to having many overlapping friend circles. I introduced Megan and Nick, but they are more acquaintances than friends. &#x200B; Nick can be very opportunistic to the point of greed, and he has a tendency to approach friendships from the point of “what can you do for me”. He can also be very sweet and helpful, when the mood strikes him, but is also gossipy and can blow things out of proportion. &#x200B; At dinner once with Nick and his husband/my longtime friend, he mentioned how he really wanted to get to know Megan better, because “I heard she is having her wedding in Greece, and we want in on that party”. &#x200B; It struck me as a such a tactless response, wanting to strike up a friendship for the sole purpose of getting an invite to a destination wedding. More so, having zero regard for the complicated political reasons that necessitated having the wedding in Greece to begin with. I reminded Nick of this, which he ignored and moved the conversation elsewhere. &#x200B; Following the 2016 election and subsequent travel ban, Megan scrapped her wedding plans. Despite having a valid visa, she was concerned about being detained and deported, and she and her fiancé decided to move up their wedding. Their wedding wound up being a simple, beautiful event in a Philadelphia courthouse. When finding out about the very unexpected party, Nick said he was happy for her, “but super disappointed about Greece”. &#x200B; I never told Megan about his comments; at the time, she just had too much on her mind.. Megan and I have had many conversations about her Persian upbringing, and has admitted she has been taken advantage by people when she could not judge their real intentions. &#x200B; Recently , Nick has invited both of us to a party, and told Megan “she just haaaas to be there!”. Something about his insistence made me unnerved. Megan and her now husband are completing a beautiful renovation on their old house, and I cannot help but think Nick wants something to do with it. But I fully admit that my interactions with Nick in the past could be coloring my vision, and that he may be looking to forge an actual friendship. If that is the case, is it right for me to bring up comments<|response|> YTA. His first comment could very well be a joke. I mean, if he wanted to go to Greece he can just go. He doesn't need to fish for a wedding invite from someone he doesn't know very well. Second comment is a bit weird but again, could just be a callback to his first joke. It really does seem you're just trying to stir up drama. <|endoftext|>
153327	3	AITA for not paying any rent to my sibling and their partner for the apartment? This is many years old but just came to my mind and I need to know how you guys think about this situation. A little bit of backstory first in order to understand how it ended up this way. My parents moved away to another country (where they immigrated from) to retire. So I needed a new apartment since I was not going with them. A good friend of mine who also wanted to move from their home was willing to flat share with me. We found an apartment and basically had the papers signed and just needed to send it to the landlord. Inbetween my parents moving away and me leasing the new apartment there were a few months where I lived with my sibling and their partner. They had an unused room and were willing to take me temporarily. I immediately asked them how much I should give each month to cover my expenses (rent, water, electricity, food etc.) We talked and they said I don't have to give anything. My room was empty before I moved in anyway, and water/electricity was not worth mentioning. They had huge food bills because they are cooking chaotically; cooking too much and throwing away half of every meal they cook and letting the ingredients decay on the counter instead of putting them back in the fridge. They explicitly told me that I could cook whatever I wanted and it was not necessary to compensate them. I said okay but to show my gratitude I gifted them a huge painting they both really loved (worth about 300$) and cleaned the bathroom once a week as well as babysat the dogs when they were both not around. Fast forward a month and my friend told me they couldn't move in with me for different reasons (which was fine, I understood their situation). My roommates understood it as well and told me I could stay for as long as I wanted. Fast forward a few more months and my roommates called me to talk to me. They were absolutley *furious* and basically screamed at me with no forewarning that I am an asshole for living with them for the past few months and not paying anything. When I explained that we already had talked about this in the beginning they just said "Well that was a few months ago, are you stupid? Have some decency and maybe you'll realize that you are selfish and a leech" I told them I had no problem giving some money to them but they expecting me to magically know that they changed their mind was uncalled for and unfair to call me out like that. What do you guys think? AITA?<|response|> INFO: how much longer did you stay than you had originally planned to? <|endoftext|>
57354	3	AITA for thinking I shouldn't pay child support any more? Alt account bc ex/baby mama knows my main. Basically, this is just what the title says. I [22M] have a 4 year old with my ex [28F]. When my kid was 6 months old, the ex up and moved both of them about 4 hours drive from me so obviously my visitation was limited. I'd have little one staying with me one weekend out of the month. At this point, I was paying £40 a week child maintenance (based on about £330 a week pay). This was fine and I was more than happy to do it. A little bit less than a year ago, baby mama and kiddo moved back to our hometown. Since then, we've drawn up a custody agreement where kiddo is at mine 1 week, mum's the next, so on and so forth. This has obviously been great for me; I'm loving seeing my kiddo more often, little so and so is my world. The issue is, however, baby mama is expecting me to pay the same child support I was prior. I don't believe this is fair; I'm caring for the kid 50% of the time, so 50% of the time their needs are being cared for/paid for by me. Therefore, mum doesn't need compensating for as much of kiddos needs. I'm willing to pay *something*, of course, but like, closer to the £13 a week she's entitled to when I'm seeing kiddo so often, rather than what I was paying before. She's complaining that she can no longer afford to give herself and kiddo the life they had prior because I'm not giving her as much money. Obviously I hate the idea of kiddo suffering because of me, but I don't think I'm being unreasonable? Edit: it was recommended I clarify, she does make 3x what I do.<|response|> INFO - do you have any sort of legally binding document? I assume you’re in the UK because Pounds, and it’s different than the US, but if your custody agreement has changed, so should your child support payments. If you don’t have an agreement, get one. <|endoftext|>
135863	4	WIBTA If I Applied For Warehouse/Stockroom Job If I Am Petite? Long story short, I applied and I went for the interview. I am female, 5'4 and 113 lbs. I have done some warehouse work before as well as receiving/freight. This is a bit more on the scale production wise, and requires lifting of up to 60lbs. When I went in for the interview, the manager first looked me up and down, which I didn't mind at first, but he only asked me 2 questions "have you worked in a stockroom environment before?" and I explained that, yes, I have (and where) and "are you able to use a forklift and/or lift up to 60lbs?" again, I said yes and he looked genuinely surprised...then he dismissed me telling me he would call back if I did/didn't get the job. 1 hour later I got a email stating I wasn't what they were looking for... &#x200B; I don't feel like an asshole per-say for applying, but was I out of my league here and wasting time? It seemed readily apparent that the deciding factor was probably my petite size.<|response|> NAH. You're looking for a job. You can apply and it doesn't do any harm. Don't feel bad because the company didn't think you were what they were looking for. Doesn't make the company TA though, as that's just business. Keep in mind that it's also time out of your day too. <|endoftext|>
75760	4	WIBTA if I were honest to my friend about why she got rejected? I have a friend (F17) who has...poor social skills, to put it mildly. She forces her way into conversation and situations and if we’re talking about something she wouldn’t be able to relate to (ex: being gay, being a child in a divorced family, etc) she tries to make it about herself. For the past three years, she has been pining over a boy who...very clearly did not like her back. During this time, she was borderline stalking him and would never leave him alone. This summer she asked him out and he said no. She still would not leave him alone. Today she asked him to homecoming and once again, he said no and said she made him uncomfortable. Now she’s being really nasty and seems to have no clue why he said no. WIBTA if I told her that she was rejected because she doesn’t have boundaries? I feel like everyone including her would be better off after this talk, but I feel like it could potentially hurt her feelings or something.<|response|> NTA, that's what friends are for, to tell us if we are being wrong or idiots. Just make sure you approach it nicely and don't try to argue and make her accept it, your job is to say what you think and leave it there. Don't try to force an admission or agreement from her. <|endoftext|>
121734	3	AITA for "touching my roommates belongings"? So, for a bit of backstory, I'm a university student who is currently living on an on-campus apartment with a roommate I had not previously met before moving in. Everything was going fine the first semester, although there was a slight (but tolerable) odor coming from somewhere in the room. Fast forward to this semester, and I noticed the smell was getting stronger, and i realized that it smelled especially bad after she showered. It seemed like the smell was coming from her towel, and it then clicked- everytime she would leave the dorm on the weekends (I always stayed), she would bring her laundry bag with her, but her towel was never included. Even over winter break, the towel was just hanging, folded up on a hanger by the rest of her clothes. After a few weeks of trying to deal with the smell, I decided I should just let her know. I said something along the lines of "Hey, can I talk to you for a sec? Lately, I've noticed a smell in the room, and I think it might be coming from your towel..." She didn't take it well; she got very defensive and said she didn't smell-- even though i never said she smelled, just that it might be her towel. Since then, she's been completely silent with me, as well as being very petty/passive aggressive--slamming the doors/coming in the room just to turn on the light and leave while I'm asleep (she knows I'm a very light sleeper). And then today--I woke up this morning and saw her portable heater on in the room, but she was not there. There have been several occasions where she's turned on the heater and just left the apartment, so I decided to turn it off. Turns out she was just in the bathroom, and when she came back to the room, she was angry and said "please don't touch my belongings." I said "okay, but you turned it on and then left, and it was starting to smell kinda smoky" (not like burning, but like an overheated-plastic kinda smell). This turned into an argument between the two of us, where she repeatedly said "I don't touch your belongings, so don't touch mine" and eventually lead to her calling several people to complain about me, and even called the campus police, saying i was touching her belongings (although avoiding saying what "belongings" it was that I touched). I did not wait for the campus police as I had class, and didn't want to stay in the same room as the roommate who had just previously called someone (before the cops) to tell them that she wanted to choke me--while I was still in the room--because I was "pushing her too far." So, am I the crazy one here? AITA for turning off her heater? Or for telling her that the room smelled bad? (Also, first time reddit poster!-- and on I'm on mobile, so I had some issues and you might noticed I submitted/deleted this<|response|> NTA. Tell housing about the threat and try to get relocated. <|endoftext|>
156667	3	AITA for demanding that my ex boyfriend not bring his new dates into our common workplace, parking lot, break room, etc... all included? My boyfriend dumped me about a month ago. I had initially wanted to take a break from him but after about 2 hours of being "apart" I decided that I'd made a terrible mistake. He told me he was sick of my bullshit and made the break up permanent. I lost everything, I lost my relationship, my place to live, most of my friends, etc... What he couldn't take away from me is my workstudy on campus. We work together and it's like an uneasy truce that is about to turn hot at any given moment. Well it looks like he's gone fucking wild on Tinder since school started and in the last 1.5 weeks he's had three girls meet him for "coffee" at work. He parades them around the whole office (for my benefit no doubt) and I think it's so tacky. Would I be the asshole if I demand he stop bringing his dates into our common workspace?<|response|> Yes yta. He works there too and unless there are specific rules about it, he should be allowed to bring who he wants to. You broke up with him first even if only for a few hours <|endoftext|>
55945	2	WIBTA for not baptizing our son? Sorry but this will be long because there's a lot of back story and I want there to be as much context as possible. DH and I are not particularly religious. We would probably fall under that cliche of "more spiritual than religious" but we don't fault or think less of anyone who happens to be religious (unless, of course, they're a dick about it), we just haven't found an organized religion that works for us. This has created some tension on my side of the family in the past. We were married in a Lutheran ceremony at the church I grew up in several years ago. I was baptized, raised, and confirmed Lutheran even though my family really only went to church on Christmas and Easter. My parents got a divorce when I was a teenager and my mom stopped going to church, even though she claims to still be religious. My dad married my former daycare provider (that's a whole other story) who happens to be *very, very* religious. Both my siblings have kids who are all baptized and they attend church, but I don't think they could be classified as devout. My FIL is a disillusioned Catholic and my MIL was raised Presbyterian. Neither of them are religious but they have respect for religion in general. Their beliefs tend to align fairly closely with DH's and mine. DH was baptized Presbyterian but as far as I know, they never really attended church outside of weddings or funerals. DH's sister doesn't have kids yet, but will not baptize hers. Now DH and I are expecting our first child. We don't currently have any plans to baptize our son. I'm worried this is going to cause a big thing in my family. DH's family will go with whatever we want to do. I'm almost of a mind that we should just baptize him to avoid a fight or at least a bunch of passive-aggressive comments and uncomfortable questions about our religious beliefs that I really don't want to get into with my family. I'm certain that my dad's wife truly believes that our son will not go to heaven is he isn't baptized. Honestly, I don't care whether my son is baptized or not. DH feels the same way but thinks it's ridiculous that we have to put on a baptism and a party afterward when we have no real connection with the religion. He says that if my family wants to make a big deal about it, then they can get him baptized and they can handle all the hassle that goes a long with it. I know that we are the parents here and the decision is ultimately up to us, but I'm feeling very conflicted between wanting to keep the peace and feeling like a hypocrite. Religion is very important to some members of my family and it seems like a small thing to deal with to keep everyone happy.<|response|> NTA but your extended family would be if they bullied you into making you baptize your kid. <|endoftext|>
77010	3	AITA for getting upset after seeing photos of other men on my boyfriend's phone? I (30m) have been seeing this guy for a couple months. Last night we went to see the band Ghost, and today we were looking at photos and videos that he took from the concert. While watching one of the videos I noticed that he has recently saved photos of other men in his phone. The photos were showing up very small under the video we were watching so I didn't get a very good look at them. There were 3 or 4 photos of men, definitely shirtless, possibly nude. Not sure if it was the same guy in each photo or different guys. They seemed like they could be from someone's profile from maybe instagram or a dating app, but like I said I didnt get a good look. A few minutes go by before I decide to call him out on it. I tell him in a very calm voice, "When we were looking at that video it looked like you have photos of shirtless or naked men on your phone." He immediately gets defensive and upset with me, replying "Yeah, so? Whats your point?" I said well what's the deal with that? He claims that they are just screenshots from porn. I'm not really buying that and I ask to see the photos. He refuses to show them, saying that he doesnt want me to "go through his phone" and that I should just trust him. The whole time he is acting indignant and rude, and saying that I'm weird and acting crazy for wanting to see the photos. He was basically gaslighting me and making me feel like I did something wrong. After a few minutes of arguing, and still refusing to show me the photos, I just got up and left his apartment. I don't know how I can just blindly trust this dude after seeing that. If he has nothing to hide, why not show me the photos? I understand that you should trust your partner, but if I see something suspicious don't I deserve to know the truth?<|response|> NTA. You saw something, and you asked him directly about it like an adult. Rather than address your (valid) concerns, he chose to be defensive. Maybe have a conversation about where you’re both at in this relationship? If you’re ready to commit and he’s not, better to find out now. <|endoftext|>
117915	2	AITA for not giving a hungry man food? This happened a few weeks ago. I'd just made a withdrawal at a shopping centre ATM and was about to walk away when a man standing nearby asked if I could spare any money as he had not eaten since the previous day. He did seem to be rather down on his luck, but seeing as how I only withdrew $20 and had no coins in my wallet I told him I didn't have any spare change. As I was walking away he calls out to me "buy me something?" I didn't think much of it at first, but then it struck me that a guy who asks a stranger to buy him a meal is likely genuinely hungry. Glancing back I could see he wasn't at the ATM any longer, but I figured he was probably going to be somewhere in the general vicinity. As it was almost closing time for the food court, several of the eateries were beginning to box up the day's leftovers and offering them for a discount. I happened by a kebab shop and grabbed a couple of chicken skewers and a slice of pizza in a takeaway container - it came to just under $10 for the lot. It didn't take long before I found the guy walking around, so I approached him and offered him the food. The conversation went like this: Me: Here you go. Him: What's this? Me: Chicken skewers and some pizza. Him: Oh. *He glances at the container* Him: I don't eat chicken. Me: Well I do. With that I abruptly about turned and started walking away. I heard him call out "Nah, wait" as I was walking away, but I didn't acknowledge him and kept walking. Some points to take into consideration: *The $20 I withdrew was supposed to cover my meals for the next two and a half days. Money that was supposed to get me enough baked beans, bread, eggs, and vegetables for at least four meals was instead used on greasy takeaway food that would only get me through that night. Hence my abrupt response when he told me he didn't eat chicken. *In retrospect I suppose I could have sought out the man first and asked if he had any food preferences/dietary restrictions. While I hate choosing beggars as much as the next person, I acknowledge the fact that just because you're hard up doesn't mean you should get absolutely no say in what you eat. *After some thought, it is also likely he wasn't in full control of his faculties when he said what he did. Maybe I should have given him the benefit of the doubt.<|response|> NTA - you tried. <|endoftext|>
48904	2	AITA for convincing my girlfriend a huge plot point in a TV show doesn't happen? **GAME OF THRONES SEASON 3 SPOILERS** My girlfriend is a huge fan of Robb Stark in Game of Thrones, and she accidentally spoiled The Red Wedding for herself while watching an interview with the actor. (A comment said it was a shame Robb only lasted 3 seasons) She came to me with this revelation, and I managed to convince her that Robb doesn't pass until later in the series. I did this because the Red Wedding is such a good scene in my opinion, and it works best when taking the viewer by surprise. Am I being an asshole in this situation?<|response|> No, it’s pretend South Park spoiled it for me <|endoftext|>
161543	2	AITA for not letting a small child use the washroom? So I work at a clothing store and we used to have a public washroom but after cleaning up pee, poop & period waste we talked to the owner about it and he told us we can close the washroom for everyone but kids... Well that didn’t help because parents let their kids piss all over the floor and some parents would even use their kids as a way to use the washroom for themselves. So after talking with the owner again, he told us we can close the washroom for good. A lot of people weren’t happy about this but whatever. Well this man comes in with his 3 year old to shop and asks if she can use our washroom. I said sorry, we don’t have a public washroom and he got very upset, I even told him there were stores around us with washrooms. But he was like “wow you won’t even open the washroom for a 3 year old? its for a child, not for me. this is whats wrong with western societies, other countries dont treat people like this. if a stranger knocked on my door to use the washroom, i would let them” I just kind of stared at him while he went off on this tangent because i didn’t know wtf to say. It was super awkward. Then he left in a huff. I noticed a lot of customers think i’m TA when i withhold the washroom, esp from a child. So AITA for not letting a toddler have an exception to use my stores washroom?<|response|> NTA and I would never expect a clothing store to have a bathroom in the first place <|endoftext|>
63119	4	AITA for never referring to him as my husband. We've been married for 6 months now. Whenever I call him my husband, I get a huge ass reaction. They go "MARRIED?! MARRIED???!" like soulja. Then they start asking me a lot of questions and I don't blame them. It's always a huge deal, you know bc of the whole young marriage thing. They make comments about how young we are and everything. It's so much easier to refer to him as my boyfriend. All my friends and fam know we're married. I tell strangers and the kids at camp he's my boyfriend. He's all over my social media pages, I love him and I'm not ashamed. So, I volunteer at a day camp and it was the last day. He wanted to come down and meet the kids. The kids (aged 13-17) asked if that was my boyfriend. I said yes, and he said that he's actually my husband. They went "HUSBAND?" in the soulja voice. I said "I wasn't trynna hide my husband from the camp, I was hiding the camp from my husband". Everybody laughed, but my husband. Then some of the girls called us "goals", and that's another reason I don't call him my husband. I don't think that they should be married in a few years. Especially not to the dumb boys they're dating now. We're the exception and def not the rule. I have a lot of influence over them (the older girls especially) and I don't want our relationship to be the standard they set for themselves. In the car, he asked why I called him my boyfriend. He thought it was a slip, but I told him I wasn't. He asked if I always told people I'm his boyfriend, and I honestly told him I mostly do. He thought I was ashamed of him or being married to him. He wants to tell everyone in the world that I'm his wife and loves being able to say that. He was really tight about it. **EDIT: We talked ab it again this morning and I apologized for everything** **I hated like I was being grilled by total strangers. I hate making my husband feel hurt even more. For him, it wasn't about a title. It was about me downplaying the place he has in my life and feeling like I'm not proud to be with him** **It's hard to tell people "no"/say boundaries, especially when the person in question is much older. I realized it was an incredibly immature thing to do. Part of being mature means learning to say no and stand your ground. I'm trying harder to that. Until I get there, I'll deal with all the reactions I get when I call him my husband. Things are good again** **Also: We didn't get married to access his trust, I only found out he'd have access to it after we got married. We got married because we are committed, love each other and want to spend the rest of our lives together. We just<|response|> YTA. I would be extremely hurt if my husband refused to call me his wife. <|endoftext|>
165622	3	AITA for giving my dogs hidden chew stick to our other dog who actually wants to chew it? I know this sub is usually about people so time to switch it up. My female dog, we’ll call her Lady, will chew on her sticks sometimes, but in the end she just wants to hide it. She then stands guard and is the other dog gets remotely close she lashes out. It usually ends up with us taking the chew stick away all together. Lately I’ve been taking the hidden chew sticks and then throwing it across the room knowing our other dog, Danny, will run and get it, and then chew on it. I swear lady gives me this look like “wtf mom?!” She seems so offended lol. So guys, AITA for giving away Lady’s hidden chew sticks?<|response|> NTA, and doubly NTA for bringing some levity to this sub and making me laugh instead of cringe lol. <|endoftext|>
48477	3	AITA for not constantly reassuring my friend after she miscarried? Throwaway Let me preface this with saying my best friend (G) and I have always had a weird relationship. G is 20F and I’m 21M. We go periods of time without seeing each other but we always meet right where we left off. We go through bouts of dating, being fwb and then dating again. There’s never been any resentment, there’s actually lots of love there, but I do feel like she’s invested more emotionally than I am. One day right after I dropped her off G messaged me that she needed to talk to me, this made me really anxious. When we met up G told me she miscarried what would have been our child. G said she was sorry for springing this on me and had no one else she could talk to about it, her family is very strict, her religious mother still believes she’s a virgin. G said she was gathering the courage to tell me about the pregnancy and then she ended up miscarrying. I’m going to admit I’m not the the most emotional person, G moved away after high school, I had a whole different relationship for about a year and a half, broke it off around the same time G decided to move back. I didn’t really feel upset. I just thought what’s done is done. I went through a similar reaction, told her I was glad she told me, that I hope she’s okay mentally, physically etc. G told me she hopes this doesn’t change anything between us and I told her not to worry. Left it at that, I dropped her off at home. I replayed our conversation in my head and started to freak myself out, I decided to focus on my work and in doing so weeks went by without us speaking. I figured if G wanted to talk to me she would. A couple more weeks go by, I was at work and received a text from G our convo went like this G: Hey, I know you said I have nothing to be sorry about but i am, like I really can’t help but feel like all I did was add stress to you and logically I know that’s the part of me that overthinks and idk I’m just really afraid of losing you and I know that I needed you to know this but I was really scared this would be the turning point of you never wanting to talk to me or see me again Me: listen if you’re good, I’m good. Don’t be sorry G: I really don’t think you understood what I was saying or only half of it at least I was over it, didn’t respond, it’s been a few more weeks and after attending one of my shows she texted me saying about how talented I am. I didn’t respond, I believe she needs time away from me. Our mutual friend has been wondering why we haven’t been hanging out, I explained the<|response|> If it's all good, why did you not respond when she said she enjoyed your show? I bet you would have before this event occurred. Sounds to me like YOU are the one that needs some help and distance, not her. You are in a bit of denial here. <|endoftext|>
101080	2	AITA for not wanting to stay at my fiancées parents when we go on our honeymoon My fiancée and I are getting married in 6 months and are planning our honeymoon. We’ve decided we’re going to spend a week in California and then fly to Japan and spend two weeks there. The issue here is that her parents live in California, and she wants to stay with them instead of at a hotel. Keep in mind that a hotel is a completely inconsequential amount of money for us. I said I’d rather stay in a hotel, and that it would be more comfortable and give us a bit more freedom. She says she wants to see her parents and that their house is fine. We can still see her parents, there’s nothing stopping us from eating dinner with them, I just don’t want to stay at their house. She’s getting mad and saying that staying at their house saves money and there’s no reason not to. I don’t want to stay in their house, I don’t see her reason for wanting to. AITA?<|response|> NTA. It's a honeymoon. I wouldn't even go to a place where I might accidentally run into family during a honeymoon. <|endoftext|>
107702	3	AITA for not giving her a second chance? Sorry for the fact that it's a little long, TL;DR at bottom. So a few days ago, I found out that my girlfriend of a little over a year cheated on me. We're not intimate (and I'm not a particularly sex-driven guy) but by all accounts it finally started seeming like things might get more serious before this. We've lived together the whole time. I passed out early in the evening (around 6 pm) after a particularly tiring 6 am to 5 pm shift at work. I woke up a few times during the night, notably 11 45 pm and when I finally got up at 4 am. At 11 45 pm she was in the shower and I joked about how I should join her because I had work again in the morning, before laughing, going to the bathroom and falling asleep. Nothing seemed odd at this stage. At 4 am when I woke up and she wasn't in bed I knew something was off -- she didn't work that day and she wasn't around? Sometimes she'd work as early as 4 30 am, but I knew she was off that day. I freaked a little, worried, but just texted her to make sure she was safe, to see where she was. I waited around 30 minutes without a response before I started to get paranoid. Mostly worried about her safety at this point, she'd never struck me as someone who would cheat, period. I didn't work for another 2 hours so I decided to do some looking around to see if I could find out where she went just to make sure she was safe and not in a wreck in a ditch somewhere. She has two phones at the moment: her old one, and an s9 I got for her when I upgraded to one -- they were BOGO at the time. I knew her pass code to her old phone (she knew that I knew it) because sometimes I'd mess with mutual friends on Discord by being like "oooooo I'm acting weird and saying stuff like 'I'm a butt' spoooooky!" But never anything bad and I only did it when me and her were playing around. Her old phone was still sitting around, so naturally the first thing I do is look there for clues. It doesn't have a SIM card, but maybe she told a friend on Discord she wanted to spend the night with em? NBD if she did, she'd be safe and I could have my peace of mind, right? No problemo? Well, wrong. First I find her lying to a friend about how I treat her and playing it up for "oh-pity-me" points and naturally that upsets me a bit, but I figured I'd just talk to her about it later and move on. It hurt, but she must have had a reason right? Having this upsetting bomb dropped on me, I click on the next most recent person on the list that she'd talked to<|response|> NTA This is just my opinion, but her lying to her friend tells me that she was: 1) Setting a background to justify her cheating with her friends 2) Easing her own guilt by making up stories. This kind of thing has been shown in psychological research over and over again, in which participants are told to repeat the same "false memory" multiple times. Later on, these participants actually lose the ability to tell that it's a fake memory, and believe it to be one of their real memories. Also, she cheated on you both emotionally and sexually, over an extended period of time. She's not sorry she did it, she's sorry she got caught. <|endoftext|>
140241	3	AITA for taking a parking space? Today as I was arriving home from work, I found myself in a weird parking situation. I live in Seattle—where parking in scarce to begin with— in a neighborhood where most residents street park. There are definitely more residents and cars than there are spaces available, so it makes for a ‘parking wars’ situation. Basically, after 3pm— if you see a spot, you take it. Another important bit is that in Seattle, you do not need to park in one uniform direction along any street. In other words, on a East/West facing street, not all cars are required to be facing one direction. This means that cars can parallel park from any direction. SO—-today as I was driving down my street, I saw there was a girl getting into her car to leave in the same direction I was driving in. Sweet! The next thing I saw was a car kind of waiting—facing the opposite direction. As I turned my signal on, I noticed he made a “WTF” face and gesture at me a couple times, before speeding away. My question is...AITA for taking a spot that showed up? Should I have driven away once I realized he’d waited, even though it’s technically public parking?<|response|> Considering he got there first YTA and you should have driven away. It’s like an unwritten rule of driving, first come first served. <|endoftext|>
172552	1	AITA for not helping some people? So last week Friday me and the guys went camping on a nearby mountain. It is relatively safe so quite a few people go up there as well. We climbed a good enough distance up the mountain and so we decided to set up multiple tents (it was around 7 of us). Afterwards I decided to take a walk around the mountain because I wasn't too fimilar with it. Around 20 minutes later I found around 2 women and a boy (looks around 10) struggling to set up their tent. I turned around and proceeded to walk away because I didn't want to be involved. One of the woman called me and asked If I could assist them with their tent. I turned around and told them that they shouldn't have came up here if they didn't know how to setup a tent and walked away quickly. AITA for not helping?<|response|> YTA. Why on earth would you not help them **and** insult them? Maybe you don't have to legally help them, but what you did certainly makes you TA. <|endoftext|>
136841	4	WIBTA for not telling future employers I would only be working for a few months I'm a university student but I'm currently on my summer break. Ive been applying for jobs in my area but as soon as I say "summer job" they don't call back or express any interest in getting me an interview. I'm deciding whether to just not say it and put my two weeks in when its time to go back to school in August. I've been looking for a job for a whole month now.<|response|> NTA I don't really feel like you owe anything to the employer, If you want to leave It's well in your right to. However I'd be careful in case word gets around that you only work for two weeks as it may affect future employment opportunities <|endoftext|>
28864	3	WIBTA if I asked someone to leave the group? This is a current ongoing issue and it's affecting me and the group. So about 3 months ago a girl came in (24 f) let's call her jane, to the PTSD support group I run. It's a little group run from a church where you can talk to women who have been in the same situation and we use coping tips. The first few weeks where kinda awkward for jane, but that's just normal for newcomers. She's now become an issue to the group, jane was so fortunate to be able to leave without any repercussions, and was able to leave quite easily and her abuser is in jail. that's not the story for most of the people here and she keeps on bragging about it. about 4 sessions ago she talked for 10 minutes about how easy it was to leave abusive relationships and then asked the group why they did not leave earlier or why they never fought back, it caused 2 girls to cry and I asked to speak to her in private, I explained that asking that sorta question is inappropriate and not everyone can leave like you did. she rolled her eyes called me a pussy and went back to the group. last session, so a few days ago, she sat on her phone for all the other peoples storys and groaned multiple times during peoples speeches, when it got to her she talked about how great having her abuser in prison was and how freeing it is, then looked at all of the people and was talking about how because your abusers are not in jail they could attack you whenever, unlike her abuser. i told her that's highly inappropriate and she laughed and went back on her phone. I don't want to kick a survivor out of the group, but I also don't want her causing harm to other members and I'm stuck. should I kick her out?<|response|> NTA. This group is supposed to be about support, but she is actively tearing others down. If she still needs some kind of support, give her numbers for local therapists who do one-on-one sessions. Clearly group therapy is not a good match for her. <|endoftext|>
69652	3	WIBTa for not going to Holidays with my husbands extended family Let me preface this by saying that my husband's mother died of breast cancer many years ago. Her side of the family. then made his father a complete outcast from their family, blamed him at one point, told him to sue the doctors, etc. My husband's father is now remarried and we both get along with his father and step-mother very well. We are chastised for it by his biological mother's side of the family. In their opinion he replaced my husband's mother with a trollop. My husband and I recently had a baby, and I have another son that he is going to adopt this year. He has helped me raise him since he was about 6MO. His extended family has always made disapproving comments about the fact that my son calls him Dad, saying "you're not his daddy" and are just huge bigoted rednecks in all aspects. After our baby was born I suggested we bring the baby to see my son's great grandmother and she complained after our visit that we lingered too long. First of all, it was about a 2 hour drive and we only stayed one hour. Second of all, I've never heard of a grandmother complaining about seeing/meeting her grandchildren. She is close with all her other great grandchildren. Another event that has angered me is how his Uncle called the day our son was born offering to buy us a crib randomly, asking for our address, and then never sending us one. (BTW he is loaded so I know money wasn't an issue, and I am not mad he didn't buy us anything but that he called and then we didn't buy the crib expecting his to arrive in the mail any day). His Uncle also drove 5 hours to where we and my husband's brother live, and had a huge dinner and outing with his brother, and did not even mention to us he was in town. Every year they hold Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve dinner at their home. They always buy my husband shitty presents while they spend hundreds on really nice gifts for his brother, which I think is tacky. This past year he got a pair of socks, and my husband's brother got a YETI cooler. I do not want to go anymore, and do not want my kids around assholes who don't even ask about them. My husband puts up with their bullshit and is polite because that is his nature, and I think he feels like this is the last bit of his mother he has to hold onto. WIBTA for not attending with my children? These people won't even add me on Facebook. The last time I went they made fun of my son's name, and they made fun of my career as a teacher. They think going to college is stupid and think it is hilarious how little money I made as a teacher. (I got paid to go to college, I have no student<|response|> They sound horrendous. NTA and your husband is TA if he tries to bend your arm you to go. Life is too short. <|endoftext|>
75214	3	AITA for asking my university for a dedicated coffee morning? I've just started a university in the UK as a mature (27 years old) student with a young child. I've had no issue making friends with the other students in my classes or my professors. There are no events aimed at mature/carers/non-drinkers/commuters/parents. The student societies websites state they meet in the evenings and when I approached 15 of them, they all said they do no daytime events and all events are in a bar or nightclub. I compared the university and its lack of mature/day time events to every university above mine in league table. Mine is one of the few that hold no dedicated events in the daytime that are alcohol free aimed at any student to simply socialise. A lot of my friends, inside and outside the University, think I'm being entitled and that the university doesn't have to do to include me because I'm the minority - I've chosen to attend university 'late' and to have a family, I shouldn't expect a university experience. There are events that are daytime, such as talks by visiting professors, a lot of international student events and a society that runs a morning for mental health and calming sessions. There is also the chaplaincy which holds mediation sessions throughout the day. I don't see any of these as a valid alternative to what I'm asking for. I want a place for people of many different backgrounds and circumstances to meet, socialise and drink a hot beverage. A lecture isn't a place to talk, neither is crashing events meant for other groups of students and neither is a religious setting or mental health session. I could just open my own society, but I don't feel I should have to? I don't think students should have to pay to attend this, and I feel the university should hold responsibility for the event. Asking students with responsibilities to run and host events for students with responsibilities seems like a disaster and ineffective. If the university (not students, the university) runs events for certain 'minority' groups in order to be 'inclusive', why is my group different? I'm not your 'typical' student, but surely that doesn't mean I deserve to excluded from university life and socialising events, and from the chance to meet other students like me? I'm also thinking of the few students in my classes who have said they are uncomfortable going out to clubs/too shy and other students who may not be as bold/confident as myself who sit alone in their lectures. AITA and asking too much? I honestly can't tell due to the lack of support I've received. Am I simply entitled and should just suck it up, make a society and quietly run a coffee morning myself? Thanks. TLDR; I want a coffee morning at university for any student to attend. I've been called entitled. Edit: I am 100% prepared to help organise and run an event, I just want the university to help.<|response|> You are entitled. Start your own student society, and apply for funds from the university once it gets going. That is how all student societies start out: like minded people get together and organize. It is not your fault all other societies are evening drinkers, but it is not their fault you are not. <|endoftext|>
132807	3	AITA for not tipping? My wife and I went on a tip/excursion that was advertised as "Exiting/thrilling Activity A and Activity B". That sounds like a ton of fun so we both sign up. Bullet points of what happened: * I asked the coordinator if there was a ATM on site. She said "Yes". * I ask the next person where is the ATM? "Oh sorry we dont have an ATM. If you want cash you can go to the gift shop and purchase a $10 item but pay $100 and get $90 change." She said this with a smile on her face like she's doing us a favor. Fuck that. I dont want to buys some stupid bullshit I don't need just so I have change. Plus I was told there is an ATM on site, i guess that was a lie. * We go on Activity A and it fucking sucks. Exicity/Thrillling? NO! It's fucking boring as shit, moving 2mph while the guide makes dumb ass jokes along the way. * After they have the balls to say "Thanks for joining us we hope you had a great time. Please tip our guides on the way out." Tip for what, nothing happened. It was boring as fuck. So we didn't tip. * Next we wait for Activity B. I ask the attendant when activity b starts, "Oh we'll make an announcement; go and enjoy lunch." * No announcement happens. I walk around the compound to find the a gathering of people for Activity B (only about 1/3 of the group we came with). I found the same attendant from earlier and asked if this was a gathering for Activity B. Her response "Yes, where ready to go." So I "was there an announcement?". "Oh sorry, our micorophe died." What the fuck? * We barley make it to Activity B . * Activity A is closer to what was advertised except for the fact that they said 6 stations and in the end and we only experienced 4 stations. * During Activity B one of the guides touches my wife's gopro. At first we thought he was making sure it was facing forward at the right angle. But quickly it became clear that he stoped her recording and then restarted it twice (so 1 movie turned into 3). Again what the fuck? Why are you touching my wife's shit? Did she ask you? No, of course not. Do not touch our shit. * We decided not top tip for Activity B either. * As we wait for the bus to pick us up, the guide from Activity A sees me in the crowd and calls me out in front of everyone for not tipping. After all of that, I'm pissed. First off, half the activities sucked compared to advertised and on top of it you're going to try to shame me in to tipping. Fuck You. So in the end we didn't tip anyone and honesty I feel good about it. However a few people in the group look at us<|response|> NTA, you should also review on Yelp/TripAdvisor/etc to warn future visitors <|endoftext|>
49008	3	AITA if I lie to my family about having a girlfriend? I come from a really small town and have one of those tight-knit traditional families. I myself live 1.5 hours away in the city, but I visit my parents and relatives almost every weekend for lunch. Now my parents have been pushing me on getting married and having kids for years. My younger sister did it before me at 24 (I'm currently 27, male) so in their eyes, I'm in a race against the clock. A cousin of mine recently made her 3yo follow me around the house and ask me "when are you getting married" which should tell you how healthy my family dynamic is. Honestly I still love my parents and relatives but they can be exhausting when they push the issue. And the thing is, I'm gay so I'm never getting married or having kids (not real options here). This isn't something I want to share with my family, seeing as in their eyes homosexuals are the cause of any and all problems of the modern world. But to at least temporarily stop the questions so we could have that one stress-free lunch, I want to tell them I'm dating a woman in a long-distance relationship. When one of my college friends and I recently talked about my family, she said I could solve my problems if I showed them her IG and simply claimed that she's my girlfriend. At first I thought she was joking, but she was serious. For reference, said friend is bisexual and currently chronically single like me, so I'm assuming that's why she doesn't mind the lie. Plus her family's also traditional. Considering the above do you think I'd be the asshole if I lied to my parents? I don't particularly like it (well, the closet thing is a bit different I guess) but if that would get them off my case for awhile at least, that'd be great.<|response|> NTA but I hope you muster the courage to come out. Marriage and kids are an option for you if you want it - but probably not in secret. <|endoftext|>
125548	4	WIBTA if I told my boyfriend to stop talking Ok so this is a throwaway but I need opinions. I’m on mobile at the moment so sorry for formatting. I’m at the bar right now with my boyfriend and his boss. My bf is a bartender at a neighborhood place in an affluent area. My bf is fantastic, attentive and caring and willing to work out any problems we may stumble across. Here’s the thing though. He gets super passionate about certain topics. It doesn’t have to be anything serious but whenever he has a strong opinion he has a hard time not talking and waiting for other people to finish. For example, just now we were all talking about a movie he and his boss have seen and I haven’t yet. His boss (M) was talking to me about why it’s amazing and how I have to see it and giving me specifics. He hadn’t been speaking for all of 10 seconds before my bf cuts in and interjects with his own thoughts. M continues through my bfs talking and neither of us are making eye contact with my bf and I’m trying to show M that I hear what he’s saying and making sure M doesn’t feel like what he’s saying is falling on deaf ears. My bf keeps talking EVEN THOUGH neither of us are paying attention, he just had to get his thoughts out. This happens ALL the time, even when I’m telling a story and my bf cuts in with his own story. Now I’ve told my bf that it would be in his best interest maybe to listen a bit more rather than just interjecting because it makes other people, including myself, feel unheard. He said he’s heard that before and thanks me for my input. But here’s what I’m asking. WIBTA if when we went outside for a cigarette (now) to tell him that I feel like he isn’t listening to what his boss is saying. I haven’t had much to contribute to this conversation so far because I haven’t seen the movie but it’s getting exhausting. On the flipside I’ve been annoyed so I’ve been probably not so subtly ignoring my bf when he interjects because I’m over it and I’m starting to feel resentment toward him. M doesn’t seem to have a problem with it but he also knows this is how my bf is. Am I being unreasonable?<|response|> Honestly? NAH. Your boyfriend seems awkward and doesn't know when to join into a conversation is what it seems like to me. However maybe tell him how it's rude to cut into one at certain points, and maybe give him tips on how to join a conversation naturally and not rudely. <|endoftext|>
154266	3	WIBTA for moving to the same country as my ex? So I met this guy while overseas in a country that was neither his home country nor mine. After our work there was over he went to his home country and I to mine. We decided to continue the relationship long distance, but he couldn’t take it and broke up with me. We dated for like 6ish months? We had all these grand ideas of me moving overseas to be with him. I’ve really wanted to move overseas and feel isolated in my home country, and I don’t want to let go of these dreams even though the relationship is over. The universities in his home country have some great scholarship opportunities, which I researched extensively during the course of our relationship. I also applied for jobs there that I am waiting to hear back from. I know I could go literally anywhere else, so WIBTA if I went to his home country if the right opportunity came up? say if I got a good scholarship to study, or one of those jobs hit me up? Would that be creepy as hell? Lay it on me reddit.<|response|> NTA. They are one person and don't have a claim on the whole country. <|endoftext|>
64151	3	AITA if I go to my best friends engagement party rather than my wife's preplanned trip? Hi all, I'll get to the point, it's been arranged for myself and my wife to visit her brother and his wife in November for some time, though nothing has been booked. It's also an opportunity for my wife to see her old university friends, but I don't have any connection to them.The problem is my best friend has just announced an engagement party for the same weekend and I would much rather go to that (all my friends will be there, I've known him for 20 years and will more than likely be in the wedding party in some capacity). AITA for wanting to pull out of the brother in law trip (we don't get on either) and instead going to my mates engagement party?<|response|> NAH Try this You go to the engagement party and let your wife go on the trip <|endoftext|>
171871	3	AITA for leaving work unpaid? Okay so I work at a chiro’s office as an MT, I’m the only one. We’re open 7:30-5:00 MWTH, 7:30-12:00 TF. I make $24 an hour when massaging, nothing when not. Most sessions are 30 mins long. I live 30 minutes away, so there’s no point in going home when I have a break in the day. Normally I have an hour or two or three here and there spaced out, so I just chill in my room and read or whatever. I’m not being paid so I’m not working, especially not when every massage is deep tissue as is. Well today my last massage is at 1:00. It’s a 60 minute, so I’ll be done at 2:00. I asked if I could leave to get a mammogram, which I need, and he seems pretty upset. He wants me to wait around and see if a 30 minute will pop up. Generally they do, but usually I’m sitting around for an hour and a half until he decides to push a massage on a patient and then they get a 30 minute and I get $12 before taxes and then I’m waiting again. He seems pretty pissed that I’m leaving, but wtf? Am I crazy here? Should I stay unpaid just because he MAY have someone wanting a massage? Tl;dr—boss mad that I won’t stay unpaid when not working<|response|> NTA if he wants you to be available/on call, he needs to pay you for that time <|endoftext|>
140751	3	AITA for telling friends of my former girlfriend that she gave me an std? Here's the deal. I (m 48) was recently in a six month relationship with my former girlfriend (f 28) who was obsessed with me at first, and even asked me to marry her. I resisted at first, then let her into my life, and introduced to all my friends and family. She even said she wanted to marry me. Then what happens? On Valentine's night no less, she slept with this guy who she is now dating, and left me via text the next day. Few days later I realized I was having horrible pain while using bathroom, and went to get checked and guess what? She gave me gonorrhea! Omg talk about insult to injury! Not only did she dump me for this guy, then she gave me gonorrhea! When people asked what happened, I told everyone, and feel obliged to warn others honestly? Was I wrong?<|response|> I'm getting a funky feeling about this one, I wish there was a test for that too <|endoftext|>
171162	2	AITA self diagnosed I have a friend who I often hang out with. Lately she’s been doing a bunch of research and keeps diagnosing herself with different disorders. So far she claims to have ADHD,BPD, Bipolar Disorder and Autism. I told her that if she had troubles with her mental conditions she should probably see a doctor and get diagnosed properly l. She responded very angrily and the conversation ended in an argument. I heard people who self diagnose probably have a disorder based on the need for attention. Was it wrong of me to call her out? I honestly have no idea if I’m the bad guy in this situation or not, I don’t know how to handle mental problems, self diagnosed or otherwise....<|response|> You’re NTA for actually telling to go to an actual doctor to be properly diagnosed. Your friend does sound s little extreme to diagnose herself with so many disorders at once <|endoftext|>
4449	4	AITA Crossing a Line? I recently got into an argument with one of my friends and was wondering if my actions made me an asshole. In our groupchat you can change your nickname and I had mine as Gestapo for a few weeks, in relation to what I felt was a harsh administration at my school unfairly persecuting students. After a few drinks one of my housemates (Jewish) kicked me out of our group saying it was offensive and later confronted me telling me he doesn't like Nazi jokes. While I want to respect him, I also am of the opinion that anything can be made a joke, which is why people like Pete Davidson can make fun of his dad dying in 9/11 or Louis CK joking about not protecting kids with peanut allergies. I understand this humor isn't for everybody, but I also don't think you can tell people what they think is funny or not. This probably wasn't a great or especially funny groupchat name, but I didn't feel like I warranted as much hate as I got over it. I'm not sure if this changes anything but I am also half jewish. AITA?<|response|> I don't think you or your friend is necessarily an asshole. It would have been better on your part if you were more in tune to your friends sensitivities, but your friend should have approached you about it in a more constructive way as well. Imo being part of an oppressed group gives you a bit more freedom to use words/expressions against that group in humor that may be very offensive from others outside of the group, but people are entitled to their feelings <|endoftext|>
4376	4	AITA For getting frustrated with a friend who has mobility issues? For clarification, these mobility issues are not diagnosed and when questioned as to what the issue is you'll always get a vague reply. Not an answer. Now the time that this frustrated me. I had organized a fun day out with my small group of friends. When we were heading out we were discussing transport and i had suggested the bus, Friend A had suggested a cab and the others asked about walking. Me and Friend A had suggested walking wasn't the best choice due to Friend B having mobility issues. Friend B then declares (somewhat rudely) that they are fine to walk and would rather do that to save money as the bus is not an option for this route (Yes it is). Halfway through friend B begins to complain about the journey and we have to slow down. Any and all fun during the walk comes to a halt as the air is a little awkward now. We arrive just in time for our showing but friend B is now in a rather sour mood and leaves early claiming they are tired. I don't get to organize things much so this ruined the day for me a little. I haven't said anything because i feel like I'm being petty.<|response|> Your post is a bit hard to understand. Am I summing this up correctly? - Friend B has mobility issues with walking. - Everyone wanted to ride a cab or ride the bus except Friend B. - Friend B wants to walk. - Friend B ends up hating the walk and gets pissed off that he had to walk. If so, you are not the asshole, this is on Friend B. If you have health issue and other people are willing to accommodate for you then it's your responsibility to ensure that everything works out properly. <|endoftext|>
172144	3	AITA for not wearing a poppy because I don't want to damage my coat? Just reading the title makes it seem obvious but I figured I'd run it by you all. I'm an American living in Canada. Every generation before me fought in pretty much every war after the turn of the 20th century and my family has a proud military history. I donate to both the Canadian Legion up here, and the VFW down in the states. It's something I've always done every year without question. Up here in Canada, around this time of year, folks buy plastic poppies and pin them to their coats. Remembrance Day is November 11 and that's when people typically remove them, some keep them on all month. It's a big deal and I understand and respect why. Which brings me to the dilemma I'm having. I bought a very expensive down-filled coat, Canadian fall and winter is unforgiving. It's got a hydrophobic layer and to my knowledge can't be fixed once penetrated. With this in mind, I don't put a poppy on it. If they were adhesive or magnetic or anything other than a pin, you bet I'd wear one. But I can't reconcile with putting holes in it and damaging it (which sounds like a whiny thing to do considering what the soldiers went through). I make OK money, but this coat was an investment I hope to keep for years. I had an old coat I donated (to the legion) when I bought the new one. The old one, from having poppies stuck into it, would have its synthetic filling poke out of the holes. Not to mention the stitching looks all messed up over the left breast where the poppies went. I live in a very conservative part of the country and poppies are near-ubiquitous on suits and pea-coats in the corporate community here so I noticeably stand out. My girlfriend thinks I'm being prissy and petty for valuing my coat over showing appreciation for veterans. Since her family fought in many Canadian battles, she thinks I'm being disrespectful to what her family did and choosing to honor only American sacrifice in the war. Some co-workers have alluded to me not caring about Canada's veterans, since my family fought in largely American conflicts like in the Pacific and Vietnam. I think I'm ok, since I already donate to the cause year-round, but this one period of the year, I can't help but feel like people are judging me. AITA?<|response|> Remove the pin from the back, get two magnets (strong ones as they have to go through the coat) superglue one magnet to the back of the poppy and attach it while holding the other magnet inside your coat - tadaaa <|endoftext|>
30678	3	AITA for telling my potential roommate how it is? Throwaway since he's also a redditor. For the past 2 months we've been looking for houses and places to stay. It all started with my putting in the idea of us buying a house. It escalated and I changed my mind due to the upkeep and me possibly moving away in a couple years. He was reluctant and bit upset I was changing my mind but finally got over the idea of us buying a house. &#x200B; So for the past couple months I've been sending possibly homes, townhomes, condos, apartments. I'd get back with messages of "no, that's too far", "no, that price is too much", "no, that's in a bad part of town", "no i don't like the kitchen", and the list continues of possible reasons he didn't like the place. It made me wonder if he didn't wanna live with me but we've been living in my place for the last month as we transition from 2 bedroom apartment to a bigger place. &#x200B; Now I told him my main concern is budget, I don't wanna be spending more than I am now or even really close to 900. While he wants to sit around the 450 mark, plus having a private bath. So when it came down to it our budget 1200. Thinking I could do 750 and he could do 450. Well he wants to go lower. He doesn't wanna live in the city, but he wants to be close to work. He doesn't wanna drive 30 minutes. But he doesn't wanna spend any more money due to student loans. But he doesn't wanna live in an apartment again. &#x200B; In my head it sounds like I'm paying more, even though i'd get my own bedroom plus a small office room I'd be paying 800 or more while he still gets the private bath and large closet space. My concern here is Am I the Asshole for not wanting to pay all of that? Because that's how it feels in my head. I've spoken to him about being less picky about places and we need to find a place in a couple weeks. It just seems like everything I throw at him is just an automatic no.<|response|> NTA Bail out my friend. He probably doesn't want to live with you and doesn't know how to say it. Good Luck. <|endoftext|>
88235	2	AITA for being greedy this christmas Back story as always. My father passed away when I just turned 18. I am now 21. During my dads passing i was very conflicted on to what to do so i moved far away with a great position on a work crew. All of that failed and i had to come back to near town, the only social security check i had was used to pay off a loan i took from my grandparents to get myself to the said place. I had no problem with that. Fast forward to now, I'm stripped for a vehicle and i don't get a monthly check for social security. What i did get was given to my mother instead for my brothers. I have no issue with that. My car took a total dump on me a few months ago and getting from point a to point b I.E work has proven difficult with looking for rides in the snow is getting more hard. So i asked my mother for a few hundred for a car for Christmas. Her responce is not what i wanted at all. She told me flat out she can only bench 150. My only social security check was nearing 400 and i kinda expected that. I try to stay very independent and never ask my family for much at all. If i do i tend to do it on loan and pay back as i feel just. However this just seemed to really piss me off and pulled on a deep scorn for her. I know she barely spends any of the income on my siblings and as such really set me off that I couldn't get what i expected. Thats just the amount i need to fit for a vehicle with my current income and hopefully sky rocket myself to better income levels. With this ive gotten very upset with and have gone to levels to just not visit for family times this year. Bringing this up to me feels first world but im so lost whether or not this is me being the asshole. I know she can foot a few hundred for me and seeing her not do it is bringing me to a unexpected level of rage. So reddit. Am I the asshole?<|response|> Umm.. yeah. YTA. Just because your dad passed, doesn’t mean your mom has to help you buy a car. And those checks are for living expenses, not to just spend on the kids willy nilly. <|endoftext|>
160683	3	AITA "Friend" called me narcissistic a**hole for being mad So this is my time on this subreddit, but feel like this belongs here. I'm on mobile, sorry for the formatting. So 6 months ago I was admitted into a psych hospital. I had no way of contacting friends for a week. When I got out I was given my phone back. And of course I go through it. Only one message, asking if I was okay. This was because they were the last person I spoke to before going in. So, I decide that I'm going to try and get in contact with people to talk. I started with my best friend. No response. Then another friend. No response. This went on until I had gone through all my friends. No one responded. I was kinda panicking, but just decided to listen to some music. About 4 hours later I finally got a response. Cast. FF: fake friend and Me: me. This all happened over text. Me: Hey FF: Hey Me: what's up? FF: nothing much, wbu? Me: oh, nothing FF: I noticed you weren't at school this week. Are you okay? Me: No, not like you care. What happened during school? FF: Honestly nothing. We had another history project, but other than that no. Me: k. If you can't tell I'm pissed. FF: what's wrong? Me: I've been through hell for the past week. And it seems like the only person who cared was Lizie (not real name), and even that was just one question, and now she isn't responding. I tried to text and call other people, and got nothing. And now I'm being reminded of all the previous shit that led up to this point, and no one is here for me. So I'm pissed, not just at you, but also the others. FF: Y'know what? You are the biggest narcissistic asshole I've ever ducking met. Do you think you're God? Do you think that you are that good of a person that you can throw people to the side and get angry when they don't persue you? You say you're going through hell? That's alright, cause you can stay there forever because we're all tired of your shit. I speak for all of us when I say that none of us ducking like you. Fix your attitude before you try and get mad at us for not wanting to associate with you. There's a reason for everything. Figure it out yourself you ducking female dog. I said a lot after that and the summary of what I said is that I was in a hospital for week. My life has been hard with family problems and problems at school lately. Parents being divorced, cousin's ruining my grandma out of a home, and just bullies at school. And that all o wanted was a group of people who were there for me. By the way, this isn't a retelling. This is exactly word for word from a screenshot. So I just need to know, am I the a**hole? EDIT:<|response|> So you expect people to message you back instantly? It sounds like you were fishing for sympathy or pity. You made sure they knew you were mad, and that you were mad at them. They knew. I knew people like you and I am inclined to say that you are TA. Maybe people weren't "there for you" because you pull weird BS like this. And people not getting back to you instantly does not mean that they wouldn't have been there for you. What was your endgame? They text you back immediately and *then* you open up to them about your problems for support? Or they text you back immediately and *then* you jump on them like you did in the post? Why couldn't you have just waited until they texted you back and said "hey, you know I've been having some issues lately..." You said "I wanted a group of people who were there for me". THEY TRIED TO BE THERE FOR YOU. They asked where you were and if you were okay. THAT IS BEING THERE FOR YOU. But you turned it around and made it into a big drama. <|endoftext|>
79976	3	AITA for kicking my friend out of my house? My friend and I had been pretty close for about 4-5 years. We'd been travel buddies, roommates, and had worked on projects together. For almost our entire friendship, she'd been seeing this guy. Truth be told, this guy has always kind of treated her like shit. Constantly talking about exes around her, putting her down, and on a few occasions, I know things had gotten physical between them. For a while, I was unaware of how serious his mistreatment of her had become. I had moved away to college, and at one point was in an emotionally abusive relationship myself. Upon returning home, We started hanging out more often. This is when I started to notice their toxic relationship. I'm not sure if it had gotten worse, or if I'd become more aware of it due to my previous relationship. There were also a few times where she would call me and ask to spend the night because they'd gotten into a fight, only to call me 45 minutes later saying they had made up. It became a little exhausting. One evening she called me and asked if she could stay at my place for a few weeks. She and this guy had gotten into a fight yet again, and she was planning on leaving him. I, of course, opened up my place to her, and let her stay in my extra bedroom. The next day, we went out to lunch, and I noticed she had a scratch on her face. That's when she told me that he had gotten physical with her the night before. We both cried and she felt relieved that she was done. Over the next few days we had movie nights and we'd go out to dinner. It seemed like she was doing really great. About a week and a half in, Our interactions changed drastically. She started coming home late, wouldn't really talk to me. Wasn't super friendly. Since she didn't have a key to my place, I asked her to let me know what time she would be coming home/if she would be coming at all so I knew to lock up. A few times she told me she was staying with friends/co-workers, having drank a bit so she didn't want to drive home. Seemed plausible to me. I found out about a month into her staying with me that she'd actually begun to see her guy again. She'd been lying to me about where she was. I was extremely hurt. While part of me understood what she was going through, I felt betrayed and used. That night I sat down to talk with her, and pretty much told her that as much as I loved her and understood her situation, I couldn't have her living with me anymore. I just felt disrespected. It broke my heart to know that she was ok with the way he treated her, and going through everything with her also opened up a lot of my old wounds. I just<|response|> NTA. She was living in your house. She burdened you with these problems. As much as you want to help her because you care about her, she’s creating a toxic relationship for you. You don’t owe her anything. <|endoftext|>
179544	4	AITA for not going to the cinema with the christians teenagers? Background: I am 16yo and I have depression, my parents are super religious and obligate me to go to church every Sunday even knowing that I don't have the same relationship with God they have. So, today I went to the church with my parents and my father bought me a ticket to watch a Christian movie withe the teens of the Church, I struggled a little bit and said that I didn't want to go, my father said nothing until we got into the car when we were going home. He started yelling at me and saying that I was stupid because I don't like going to the church and never tried to socialize with the people there, after that, my 2yo brother started crying a lot because my father was yelling and then my father started yelling at him too. AITA for making this whole situation happens? I feel kinda guilty because I could just have accepted to go to the cinema.<|response|> NTA, at all. Get an after-school job, save your $$, and get a scholarship to a college far, far away from them. Just a few years left and you're free- and, once you get a little distance, everyone may find the relationship a bit easier to repair and maintain. Also, those movies are hot trash. <|endoftext|>
113009	4	AITA for having sex? So my gf shares one wall at her apartment complex, she has some issues with expressing herself and she finally started to open up and make noise during sex! It was fucking great until the neighbor started banging on the wall everytime embarassing her greatly. We are not very loud at all, this is not a case of screaming, this is a case of thin walls. We had sex yesterday at around 6 pm and came home to find this note. https://imgur.com/gallery/MDWBDsV We get up at 5 am as well (shes a nurse, i have a store to open) and I am honestly pissed. I feel that our right to have sex how we want is as important as somebodies right to sleep. If they didnt want to deal with hearing people fuck, they shouldn't have moved into an old apartment building with thin walls.<|response|> NTA. How thin are those walls? Usually older apartments have thicker walls than newer apartments. Have you thought about blasting music when having sex? That might mask it so that they only hear your music and not your bed thumping, etc. Anyway, keep fucking. I hear our upstairs neighbors going at it at least twice a week. Neither my wife or myself have ever thought anything of it other than, "there they go again; good for them." <|endoftext|>
40136	2	AITA for feeling like my depressed sister-in-law gets a free pass through school? Throwaway account. I(23M) have recently started university (similar courses but not the exact same) at the same time as my sister-in-law(27F). I'd like to firstly point out we get along great usually, I've never had anything against her or any resentment for any reason otherwise. This last semester my SIL has taken half of the semester off for mental health reasons. To give a little more info, she's had depression for the last couple of years stemming from some relatively recent trauma. Due to this, she got in such bad shape she's been in and out of a light mental ward for the last six or so weeks. Our university has given her a pass on her finals and all assignments that were due in the last six weeks. I'm happy that they're accomodating her so well, but I feel a bit cheated. I'd feel less like this I think if they had granted her an extension on her assignments or organised exams for her later in the year. But the craziest part I find is that they actually granted her the pass on the final exams before any of this happened so that she could travel for a religious conference. These final exams are supposed to be compulsory on top of requiring a minimum 50% grade to pass each paper. I've worked really hard to do well and although I'm not that smart and not getting As and Bs all the time, I am really happy with how well I've done. But I feel like it almost doesn't matter when people that need some assistance get such a big pass that gives them almost the exact same grade I've been working hard for. Again I want to emphasise that I love my SIL and don't think she shouldn't have help in school, I just feel cheated by the school's decision. And of course I don't want to mention it to the school because 1. I don't actually want my SIL to not get this help and 2. I don't want my lecturers to know me as "that guy who complained about his unwell SIL getting help." TL;DR: AITA for feeling like I'm being cheated out of my hard work by my school when they are giving my SIL a whole semester free-pass for mental health?<|response|> YTA if you complain. Seriously. Keep your thoughts to yourself. You don’t know what she’s going through and it’s not your place. <|endoftext|>
95716	2	AITA for starting an argument when someone steps on my boots? Hey so im a 16 years old male... I was saying up for my new nike’s for 300$ and when i finally got them i felt fullfilled i saved up for them for about 4-6 months (monthly allowance of 20$), i got the rest by helping other people so now to the AITA part... I was on the bus in my nike’s the whole day always careful of my surroundings because after i left school it did rain so while holding the standing handle,on the bus when the bus stopped around 10 people got in on the bus and someone stepped on my shoes all i can say is i got really mad cause they’re whole white so i basically started saying that ge person should apologize and the guy was like „Those are just boots dude...” So i started screaming at him while the temper got most of me, now everyone’s eyes were on me the dude just rolled his eyes and went into the back of the bus i was funing inside but i decided it would’ve been pointless to go on so i just hopped out from the bus at the next stop... so now AITA? For starting screaming at an random person that stepped on my new boots?<|response|> When you wear shoes they get dirty, it's life. YTA <|endoftext|>
25400	3	AITA for not telling my dad about the other men my mom slept with? Sorry for format if anything, on mobile, I'll try and make this short. Some backstory - While I can say my parents love me, they definitely weren't nicest tbh. My mother would psychology abuse me and my dad never payed attention to me when it came to my emotions, telling me to just man up. Both had a rough past cause my dad used to drink and hit my mom and me (I have 2 older sisters, but as far as Ik he didnt do anything to them.) And as I said, is bad with emotions, thinking they aren't necessary. I'm sorry if some info seems useless, just thought it helps. So, in sophomore year of high school, my mother started to talk to other men online on Facebook. My mother told my sisters who in turn told me and we were very upset with ourselves. What made us feel shitty is that we said to ourselves if it was the other way around, we'd tell our mom straight up. But here we are keeping it a secret from our father. It got to the point where I actually helped my mother see one of the men she was talking to. She even pleaded with me to keep it a secret from my dad and sisters that I was doing that. Now, in senior year of high school, I come to see my parents cuddling on the couch and looking sad. They said it was nothing but I knew what happened. My dad found one of the messages my mom sent to one of the men, and obviously shit hit the fan. But after all that, they came to terms with each other and then worked on their relationship. But I learned that he found out about 1 of the men and she never told him it was multiple other guys, to this day she still never told the truth. He still believes it was only 1 guy, and my sisters eventually let go of the situation, saying they didnt care anymore. Also, after my dad found out, he started to become a bit more open, hes still a bit of an ass but I can see he's trying. I may not like my father but I do believe he deserves this truth, it's only right. It's been 3 years since the "truth" came out and we're all still lying to him. Am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA. You aren’t responsible for the emotional well-being of parents who are emotionally abusive towards you. Especially if one was physically abusive. Screw it, they reap what they sow. <|endoftext|>
129291	3	AITA for wanting to go home? Ok so last night I was working at a fast food reastraunt and I was the closer. My particular restaurant closes at 10 p.m. and I normally get out by 10:30. My shift was from 5 until closing. The last person left and I locked the doors by 10:30 and I left by 11:00. I made a side work list for people and told them to specifically pay attention to the floors and counters. Now it was particularly busy that day and I had been working non-stop from 5 till 11 and could barely keep my eyes open by the end of it. So I come back the next day and apparently the floors and tables were dirty. If I were to resweep and rewipe all of the dining room it would have taken an extra hour or more and I wasn't sure I had it in me. AITA for going home at 11?<|response|> INFO is it part of your closing tasks and do you get paid to stay later? <|endoftext|>
133854	4	AITA for not wanting my daughter’s mom to attend my graduation? I am 25 and I have a 9 year old daughter with my high school ex-girlfriend, who has sole custody. I try to see my girl about once a month but it is difficult due to school and her living an 8 hour drive away from me. Anyways I finished medical school this year and I am graduating next week. My wife, our 2 year old daughter, my in-laws, and my sister will be present. That is already a lot of people, and suddenly my ex called me up last night saying my daughter wants to come to see me graduate and that I should get 2 extra tickets. I’m only allowed 3 people and I already bought 1 extra for my in-law, it is very difficult to get another 2, especially at such short notice. But luckily my buddy’s GF can’t make it so he is giving me 1 extra ticket. So I told my ex and said well daughter can attend but you have to stay in the hotel or something. She got mad and said thats unfair. I asked her why she cared so much and besides, it’d be weird for her to attend along with my WIFE and her family. Like they already aren’t so keen on the idea of me having a kid outside of marriage. AITA? I think it’s perfectly reasonable for my daughter to attend and not my ex. Why does the ex need to come to see me graduate anyways? She’s really just the mother of one of my girls and nothing more.<|response|> YTA. 1: you didn't think of inviting your own daughter, who would understand a graduation a lot more than your 2 year old? 2: grow a fucking spine my guy. "They're not too keen on me having a kid outside of marriage" she's your fucking daughter stand up for her. Who cares what the fuck your in laws think. 3: your daughter hasn't even met her own sister in the 2 years she's been breathing? I don't give a shit about your ex I'm worried about your daughter, she has a dad who seems to be putting her second to everything when all a little girl needs is a good dad especially at this age. <|endoftext|>
133857	3	AITA for asking my Father-in-Law to remove his sneakers inside my house? Hosted a small family only lunch gathering in my newly constructed homes for the wife’s side (9 guests total). Upon entering my house (mix of hardwood, rugs, and carpet), I politely ask all guests to leave the shoes at the door. Guests were allowed anywhere in the house since it’s my wife’s family, and it’s a new home so they want the “tour”. My father in law said “nah, I’ll just keep em’ on”. And walked thru the house wearing his sneakers. I then proceeded to talk to his wife (my MIL) and asked her to have a conversation about his shoes with him (she left her shoes at the door). He got upset when she spoke to him, and he decided to stay outside (in hot sunny/summer weather) the entirety of the gathering. Since he refused to remove his sneakers, he sat out on the back deck and front stops, and probably got sunburnt. Everyone stayed inside except for him, and they even commented on the situation. People brought him food and drinks outside (even myself pouring him a beer in a frosted mug) to accommodate him. For reference, he’s been to my new home (and my previous apt) several times before, and removed shoes on all occasions. All other guests (first time at the house) removed their shoes. I am Asian descent, and my wife and her family is American (Caucasian). I even offered house slippers to him, and that was refused. AITA?<|response|> NTA, this is common not only in Asian cultures, but in Hawaii and Florida (lived in both) and many other places. I honestly think it is odd to wear outside shoes indoors. That and he was acting like a child. <|endoftext|>
104684	3	AITA for expecting a 9 year old to pay for a controller? My little brother and his friend were playing Xbox and they were arguing about an item in the game. My brother bought something in the game and his friend stole it and refused to give it back. I told his friend to give it back and he wouldn't so I told him to give me the controller. He said no and I tried to grab if from him but he kept resisting. Now the power button on the controller won't press all the way and I can't turn it off. I told him that either he or his parents have to pay for a new one because it's his fault as he tried withholding MY property. He said it's my fault I grabbed the remote and that I have a job so I should buy a new one myself. I'm not paying something that someone else should take responsibility for. AITA for wanting a little kid to pay off a controller that he broke? Edit: I'm dumb af. All I had to do was turn the controller off and on again<|response|> If you actually expect a nine year old to pay for it, I don’t know if I’d call you an asshole, but shit stupid is on the table for discussion. Nine year olds don’t have any money. 50 bucks to a nine year old is a fortune. I’d say you’re an asshole for getting into a pissing match with a nine year old, and losing. You can try to seek restitution from his parents, and maybe you’ll get it. <|endoftext|>
120775	4	AITA - For this argument with my partner Was texting my partner earlier and the conversation turned into religion. I gave my personal thoughts that I am (as she knows) non-religious like her. I then talk about the various battles and attacks and terrorism occurring today against numerous religions, alongside this I also mention how it obviously doesn't affect me, but I feel-strongly for them and want it all to end. yada yada yada. To which she relies "*People always fight and always die for this, the target just changes for a while, I couldn't care less about it as long as it doesn't directly affect me"* To which I replied "Seriously? How self-centered can you be". She responded shortly after with a "ok I'm going to go back and watch my show now byeee" She says I'm the one who should apologise and the one who is an asshole but I seriously don't understand it this time because I genuinely don't see how I'm in any wrong here.<|response|> ESH - I certainly don't think you need to appologize for having your own beliefs, but don't expect her to do the same because they don't allign with yours. Is what she said kinda shitty? Maybe. But it's her belief. She didn't call you heartless or anything derogatory for your views (unless she did in which case it's NEI) but I think it's just a shitty situation you both should put behind you. <|endoftext|>
157485	2	WIBTA if I ask for gas money I'd offered to pay for a friend's trip back? So I was flying back to my home town and really wanted to see my best friend. I told him it'd be great if he drove down and we could meet up in our home town. He said he didn't know if he could because he was a bit tight on his budget and I said if that was the concern, I'd pay for half of his gas. After thinking it over a few hours, he told me he'd do it but that he didn't need me to pay for half of his gas, he could afford it. Nonetheless, I said it was my idea and plus I'd already offered, and I'm a man of my word. He really didn't want to take the money but I insisted, saying that I didn't mind because I wanted to see him so I went ahead and transferred him the money (about $50). Now, yesterday as I was about to hop on my flight, it was canceled and my trip was ruined. When I found out I immediately called him and told him that I wasn't going to be going after all and that I hoped he had not driven too far. He told me that he hadn't, he'd just started and was filling up with gas. So I don't exactly know if he'd even really driven anything at all, but I imagine he hadn't and was filling up before even getting on the road. Anyway, he said he had already set his mind to it and was going to make the drive anyway. Later on that night when the airline finally returned my call, it was definite that I wasn't flying down (it already was before but I just needed to speak to a human to confirm it) and thats when they rescheduled my flight to next weekend. We both agreed it sucked but he told me that he decided to go anyway to see his family, tailgate with a friend, and some other personal reasons he decided he wanted to go for. I mentioned "yeah it double sucks for me, I didn't get to see my family nor you and paid for half your gas" to which he responded "yeah, that's why I told you not to send me that money". I left it at that. So, would I be the asshole for asking for my money back? If I'm not the asshole, what would be a good way to ask for it back without sounding like an asshole?<|response|> I think YWBTA just purely because you insisted on him taking it and were very pushy about it. <|endoftext|>
84634	4	AITA for ducking out of the room during the present opening part of a child's birthday party We (myself, husband, and two young children) went to my old friend's daughter's first birthday today. Because she is an infant, it was mostly family and a lot of adults. All in all, about 20 people. We brought a small gift and put it on the table. That's when I noticed the heaping pile of presents waiting to be opened. We enjoyed visiting with people, singing Happy Birthday and letting the kids play. When it came time for presents, we quietly ducked into the room downstairs with the toys [edit: where the first part of the party took place] so our kids could play. The present-opening room was pretty crowded and we knew it would be a while with the mountain on the table [edit: it ended up taking about 50 minutes] Anyhow, the dad of the birthday girl came down and subtly told us to go back upstairs and watch the mom open presents for the baby. I thought it was pretty dumb. Personally, we avoid present opening at [edit: our own children's] birthday parties. It's boring, consumerist, and shameful for people who can't afford big gifts. I don't judge them for doing presents, but I don't see why it's so important that everyone needs to watch an infant open presents.<|response|> YTA You were sneaking around their home while everyone else was together and expecting you to be there. This is a huge violation of social norms and you are the asshole for that. If you don't agree with the social norms, don't participate. I'm with you on gift opening. But please - don't act like opening gifts is so morally repugnant that you physically cannot be in the same room and needed to go somewhere else. In someone else's home. Without asking them. It's just not respectful and it's really weird behaviour. <|endoftext|>
135060	3	AITA for not going to a friends destination wedding? This girl and I were childhood friends, but have lived hundreds of miles away for 15 years. She asked me to be her maid of honor, although I have only met her fiancee once, and seen her 4 times in the last 15 years. I accepted because it would make her happy and I know I could do a good job at making sure her day is awesome. She was getting extremely stressed about planning, and I suggested she elope somewhere fun, to eliminate some of the stress of finding the perfect local venue. She came back and told me they have decided on a destination wedding to Hawaii with no brdiesmaids/groomsmen, and are not including "plus ones". I have my own wedding several months later, and I'm not sure I can use that much PTO in a year and financially afford a trip to Hawaii. AITA if I say I cant make it? I feel like this was kind of my idea, but I dont want to stretch myself too thin. This feels like an outrageous ask.<|response|> NTA... destination weddings are notorious for causing problems. She didn't elope somewhere fun, like you suggested, she made the wedding more stressful for everyone for moving it to an expensive destination and excluding plus ones. Good news is, she's let you out of your bridesmaid responsibilities by excluding them altogether. You're fine to say you can't make it, your reasons are sound and she changed the original plan substantially. <|endoftext|>
172353	3	WIBTA for taking a new job right after being promoted at my current one? Hey. Usually I lurk, but I'm inexperienced in this area of life, so I need some advice. I got my first job in August of this year. Due to the nature of the work, it was extremely slow, and I was bored out of my mind. I never really stopped the job search. However, we suddenly have so much work now that we're working overtime. Also, someone in the adjacent department quit recently, and after a week of deliberating, I took the assessment for the spot. I got it, but I won't be moved into that position until the end of this month. One of the jobs I applied to about a month ago got back to me today. It pays more and it's in the field I got my degree in. They're only asking for an interview right now, but I'm a planner, so now I'm wondering: WIBTA if I take this job?<|response|> NAH, you gotta look out for number one first. Nowadays, companies don't have loyalty towards you, and you shouldn't have loyalty towards them either. It sucks a bit that you leave so quickly after getting a promotion, but you gotta take the opportunities you get. <|endoftext|>
192584	1	AITAH for telling my SO about my mental state Last night I finally told my husband about how my mental state really is. I have PTSD,anxiety,and depression. I told him how most days I wish I wouldn't wake up and that I really can't control these thoughts. Yes, I do take medication and have always gotten help. He knows this but he said I was "really fucked up" and got angry with me and kept getting short with me about the topic. When I said it's been this way for most of my life he got angry and said "stop bringing up the past" I honestly was just trying to explain to him why I get the way I am sometimes. Now I regret telling him and he hasn't said anything this morning except he's being short with me like he always is.<|response|> I feel like this is waaaay above AITA's paygrade and y'all should probably get some kind of professional counsel/therapy. There's so much missing from this story. <|endoftext|>
16704	3	AITA for not letting my bro use my laptop for "personal" use My bro asked me if he can use my laptop. I said sure for what (usually it's watching some tutorial or something like that). He:"It's something quick just wanna download something." I:"what do you wanna download?" He:"I just wanna put my work environment from my work laptop on your computer." I:"Sorry you can't do that on my computer. You have your own laptop for that. You can use it for personal use." He:" This is personal use I will study this on it." I knowing if I allow this that this won't be my laptop anymore and that he will be regularly and will be act like it's his laptop because it has work data. "Yeah I don't have enough memory on my laptop for that. And again for that you have your own laptop. Personal use only." Now he acts like IATA. Edit: Guess what he just wanted to install vs and elipse both of which I already have and use. I explained to him the difference while facepalm so hard.<|response|> NTA he can use his laptop for work. If he wanted to check facebook or his email thats different, but I wouldn't let anybody download something on my laptop, especually not software that allows sharing of enviornments. <|endoftext|>
113352	3	AITA for asking my husband to get his ex wife off the phone plan that she refuses to pay my husband used to work for a phone company and got a cheaper rate so their divorce document said she can still be on it, but she has to pay. That was over 2 years ago and she never paid and my husband no longer works for that company. He asked her to pay or find a new plan 6 months ago, she took no action. He does not have to pay alimony, only child support and thinks he pays her less than average, but we have the kids more than half the time and my husband pays 100% of the kids' expenses that should be split 70/30 with her.<|response|> NTA. It's an obvious thing to do. The ex-wife, however, is clearly taking advantage of him. <|endoftext|>
41747	2	AITA for wanting my gift back? So I dated this coworker(I know, I know), for a few months during the winter. Christmas was coming, I’m a handy guy, and she’s conceited. What better gift than a handmade lit vanity? It was perfect. Big mirror, lights all around it exactly like something she’s always wanted. Christmas comes and she’s in love. So proud of her new gift. Then she gives me mine. A nascar driving experience at the Kentucky speedway. Wow. Very expensive and thoughtful gift. I’m a car guy, and this was up my alley. The soonest she could get a date was June. No problem. I can wait. Well, as dating coworkers go, it went south. But we left on decent terms I’d say. A few months go by and just checking on the status she asks if I’m still interested in using my gift, I say absolutely! She nods and says she’d still like to go. I said of course, you paid for it! Fast forward a couple more months to today. I get a reminder it’s this weekend. I see her and say, hey that thing is this weekend if you still wanna come watch? She gets quiet and doesn’t say much. After work she messages me and tells me I have some nerve for asking about my gift. She tells me she’s passed it on to someone else to enjoy. I say well that’s a bummer, but am I able to get the vanity I built back? (I’ve had a lot of interest in them and have made a few more for others) I’d like to sell it if I can? She says absolutely not and blocks my number. I just feel like if I can’t enjoy the gift you gave me anymore, you shouldn’t enjoy the gift I made you anymore. Am I the asshole? [a picture of one of the vanities I’ve made]<|response|> NTA but I still wouldn’t expect her to give the vanity back. She sounds like a tool. Be happy you dodged that bullet and move on. How is it at work? <|endoftext|>
165822	2	AITA for sitting in a seat that wasn't mine in the movies? So I went with my GF to a movie. It was a premier, so tickets were pretty much all sold out. We managed to get a pretty bad spot at the edge of the cinema, better than nothing. While we we're waiting for the movie to start, I noticed on the ticket was written: "Seats will not be reserved once movie has started". I showed this to my GF, and we decided to move to different seats when the movie started. About halfway through the movie (probably a little less) this couple came and told us we're in their seats. I really didn't want to go back to the seats we had before, so I just showed them the writing on the tickets and continued watching the movie. They got pissed but left. My GF feels bad about it. She says it was their seats, and we should've moved, but for me, they didn't come when the movie started, they're not entitled to those seats. I think I might be YTA here, but just posting this to ask for more info. On one hand I do feel bad a bit, but on the second hand I can't justify moving to a different spot.<|response|> YTA. they paid for it, not you. way to make a day that was probably frustrating even worse. <|endoftext|>
81839	4	WIBTA if I throw out my older sisters foods because she can’t even clean up after herself? So my older sister is 23 years old and I just turned 21. My parents both work 8 hour days, 7 days a week and are so exhausted when they come home they’re barely able to make themselves food or do anything. I went to both my younger (18) and older sister and told them to start cleaning up after themselves and helping around the house and my younger sister agreed. However the oldest sister out of all five of us refuses to do anything. She even asks my mother to cook food for her, clean her room, and do other things for her without even acknowledging how hard our parents work each day. She’s living in her own bubble and I’m the only one that’s fed up with it. I’ve confronted her multiple times recently, my sister and parents have as well but she just is too spoiled, stubborn and lazy to do anything. She laughed at me when I told her I’ll throw out her foods in the fridge/freezer so she can’t make any more dirty dishes. (She’s vegetarian so she buys weird frozen vegan foods). My parents have given up really, and make the excuse that “she’s the oldest” or “she’s a girl your the man of the house” blah blah blah. They tell me not to throw out her things because it’ll start a fight and it’s a waste of food/money. If I were my parents I would stop paying all her bills such as cellphone, car payments, and threaten to kick her out of the house if she didn’t grow up. I really want to go through with it and do this but everyone is telling me not to so I was hoping Reddit can give me some guidance or maybe some better on advice on how to parent a 23 year old spoiled brat.<|response|> YWBTA. Don’t throw out someone else’s stuff. That’s not okay, regardless of how irritating you think they are. Also, it’s not your job to parent your older sister. So stop trying. You can put up boundaries about your own stuff and how she interacts with it and you. You can also express a wish for her to be more cleanly and helpful. And you can choose not to clean up after her. But that’s about it. It’s your parents home. They get to decide what goes. They are the ones that need to decide and tell her what the boundaries and rules of the house are. And enforce those rules. It’s their prerogative to deal with her as they see fit. Bring your concerns to them and then leave it alone. <|endoftext|>
34423	3	AITA for borrowing a dissecting kit and being accused of stealing from it? About 1.5 years ago, I (20) met a guy, we'll call John. John (30 YEARS OLD!!) and I took the same uni subject and partnered up for a lab prac. Simultaneously, I was taking a course that required a dissection kit (for 1 prac only, he knew) and John thankfully let me borrow his (very expensive and new, turns out he borrowed it from his work station) kit but he never asked for it back. 2 months later, another housemate of mine asked me for the kit because she didn't have one and I let her borrow it since I hadn't heard anything from John. Having matured since, I understand this was most definitely an asshole move and I wish I had said no, especially without taking any pics of it or anything before letting her borrow it for the one lab prac also. But I got the kit back promptly and everything seemed in order and forgot about the kit. 6 months go by (8 months total) until he needs it again and he gets in contact with me. No worries! It's on my desk and ready for him. But, our schedules don't line up well because of uni and work and the day he absolutely needs it is fast approaching. Fair enough, since we can't meet in person and you live relatively close to where I live, how about you pick it up from my house when you're free? And then he comes to my house... I was at university and he knew this. Allegedly (from my trusty housemate who gave him his kit back and another trusty housemate who overheard everything), he knocked on the door and when answered, he started acting really aggressively but apparently it came off as really scripted and cringey, "Hi. Where's my kit? Give it to me now, please." My housmate had been explained the situation, and gave him his kit. After a barrage of texts and calls, I found out John had an anger fit when he discovered something missing, "where's the rest of it? What the fuck are you hiding? Give me back the rest of my kit" and after being told by my housemate that that was it, John started insulting the shit out of my housemate. What exactly the fuck?? They had nothing to do with this He accusd me of stealing his stuff and I thought that sucked. I offered to replace it fucking straight away. After a wall of insults, he responds "don't fucking bother". Alright, prick. I don't want to deal with your bullshit any more after insulting my friends, accusing me of straling and refusing its replacement. If I had stolen his scalpel, would I have INVITED HIM TO MY HOUSE?? I blocked him for being a complete asshole. After a year of walking by each other and just ignoring each other, I saw him heading my way IN PUBLIC on campus again. I thought, 'fuck it. I'll try say something positive and<|response|> YTA >John thankfully let me borrow his (very expensive and new, turns out he borrowed it from his work station) kit but he never asked for it back. He shouldn't have to ask for it back, YOU borrowed it, you return it as soon as you're done with it. Not lend it out to someone else, which you had no right to do. <|endoftext|>
8431	4	AITA for only paying for one of my girlfriend's beers after offering to buy the first beer Me and my girlfriend rarely go to bars but occasionally we'll go to this one quiet place with really nice flavored beers. While we were eating dinner at a restaurant I suggested that we go to it. She said yeah, and I said I'll buy her a beer to celebrate something. Everything at the bar went alright until we were gonna order the second round. I said I was gonna get another and asked if she was going to get one too, she asked if she could. I basically said "well it's your money", and she got very upset with me. We ended up leaving soon after because of it. She kept going at me with many versions of "that's so shameful, you couldn't spare a little money for a small beer? You were already treating me to one! You're so greedy!", to which I replied with "I offered to buy you one, I didn't say I was buying for the whole night". She wouldn't let up with it and acted as if it was some moral tragedy that I was going to have a second beer without buying her one. We don't share finances or anything and money is tight for both of us. We kept fighting for the whole night. She pretty much just kept repeating "How can you be so shameless? To order another big beer for yourself without ordering me a small one! I'm ashamed for you!". I kept chalking it just a difference of opinion that isn't really a big deal, but she just kept being so over the top about it and drawing conclusions like she thinks I'll restrict finances in marriage (but no way in hell I'm marrying her without her having her own income after this) and talking about how others (friends) have treated her to more things and stuff I think she's the asshole here because I shouldn't be expected to pay for more than I offered to pay for. I also feel she was ungrateful and spoiled for fighting about it with me the entire night.<|response|> You're not an asshole, it sounds more like the two of you have different expectations around what treating somebody actually is. And maybe different expectations about the etiquette around making decisions when you were both out together - it sounds like things took a bad turn not because you wouldn't buy her more beer, but because you made a unilateral decision to consume more beer in front of her without offering any. On the one hand sure her reaction sounds way overblown if it was about the price of beer, and yeah her behaviour sounds assholish, but I don't think this is really about beer. So if I were you the question I'd be asking isn't about assholes but rather about compatibility and whether the two of you feel valued by one another. <|endoftext|>
74023	4	AITA for making my husband throw out his incense? My husband has known me for many years. He knows certain smells trigger migraines and/or asthma attacks. He even knows specifically which ones (more or less. Some mixed fragrances may contain one or more of the offending substances. ) Right now, I'm in the throes of a migraine because he decided to burn one of those Saturday morning before I went to work, and he burnt another one just now. He's missing work because I'm too ill to watch the baby. I have asked him not to buy incense without vetting it through me. But he did anyway, buy a mixed pack variety of which he has no idea which is which, and here we are. Am I the asshole for demanding that he throw the lot away and we can buy something I can tolerate in the future? To be clear, the most problematic fragrances are patchouli and lavender. His favorite scents are myrrh, nag champa and sandalwood. Lots of choices would be fine, but he acts as if I'm unreasonable for this request<|response|> NTA Why on earth he'd burn a migraine trigger is beyond me. He has to take more care and ensure he only uses the right stuff. I have specific food triggers and my husband wouldn't dream of using them in cooking, which is pretty analogous to your situation. Hope the migraine gets better soon <|endoftext|>
110335	1	AITA For wanting to move out? Little bit of background. My bio father passed away in 2011, but my mom and him had split before I was born. Ive lived with my Mom and Stepdad since I was four. I admit I'm not dead, so they have cared for me, and they bring that up constantly. I have hated my stepdad from day 1. He's always been abusive. Physically for a long time, but mentally for the past few years. We fight constantly. He has to have complete control over my every move. Also he's very homophobic (I'm gay) and loves to use every slur. He refuses to let me go anywhere or do anything. I'm allowed to go to school and work and home. Nothing else. Im also 17 and still dont have my drivers permit. I have everything, and took the online course, he just won't let me get it. My only reason for asking is my mom. I let her know im leaving as soon as I turn 18. But she begs for me to stay. Ik she loves me, but she refuses to leave him. And she follows along with everything he does. AITA For leaving my mom, to escape an awful life?<|response|> NTA By any means. <|endoftext|>
55851	3	WIBTA for reporting a UPS driver? So I was driving on a fairly large and busy road yesterday. The section of road we were on the speed limit was 45mph. A UPS truck passed me going probably around 65mph. I honked as he passed. He stuck his hand out the window and did a signal that people usually use when saying "come on" - can't say for sure what he intended but I didn't plan on interacting further. He also had a cigarette in his hand when he did this. I did end up behind him at a red light soon after and snapped a photo of his license plate. WIBTA for reporting him to UPS? Is this a case of he's an asshole putting other people in danger and he deserves to be reported (whether or not UPS does anything is a whole other discussion), or is this a case of minding my own business? Also, to add: the smoking in his work vehicle thing by itself I wouldn't even consider reporting, but it's kind of like icing on the cake of an inconsiderate asshole who has zero respect for the people around him, so I thought it was a relevant mention.<|response|> How about you wait a few hours and calm down, and then make the choice to report or not. <|endoftext|>
15062	3	AITA for asking someone to move their car? Pulled into the carpark of a local shop on christmas eve. There were no spaces, and one car was taking up two spaces. Not just by a small margin where I could squeeze in, but half in each of the two spaces. I got out of my car and walked over gesturing for him to roll down the window (He was sitting waiting on someone returning from the shop). "Can you olease move over into one space? there is nowhere else to park." - is verbatim what I said. He replied "there is a space over there" and as he spoke he dismissively rolled up his window and stared ahead. The space he referred to was currently being filled by someone ahead of me. Before the window fully closed I said "you're very rude" and walked back to my car. I made no attempt to move and he slowly moved into one space. I took the now free parking space under the glares of this random man. AITA Tl;Dr man takes up two spots. I ask him to move.<|response|> NTA. The only thing worse than this is if he parked in the handicapped parking. <|endoftext|>
189817	2	AITA for "ratting" out co-worker to boss after his joke at a employee get together. So after our shift sometimes a bunch of employees apparently go to the pub and get drinks. I was invited to come along for the first time. While we were their one employee (jake) said he never did his job and was always watching netflix. He's a security guard stationed at a office with nothing to do. This grinded my gears, while I was out busting my ass patrolling campus, this lazy dude just sits in the security office watching netflix. All the other guards found it funny and said they do it from time to time as well. The next day I went to my supervisor and told her of this, and she said she would look into it and talk to jake about it. AITA?<|response|> Of course YTA. You did this out of spite. What Jake does has no effect on you. <|endoftext|>
31639	3	AITA for not sleeping with my boyfriend? My boyfriend and I have lived together for almost five years, and for almost five years I have worn ear plugs because I am a light sleeper and he snores like a truck. When I used to work full-time (I’m currently out of work due to an injury), it wasn’t a problem most of the time because I would crash after a long day. Now that I’m not overtired, it’s almost impossible for me to sleep in our bed. I have one of those brains that won’t stop thinking about EVERYTHING, and it takes me a minimum of 30 minutes to 2 hours to fall asleep-whereas the boyfriend is out and snoring in minutes. Once I get woken up by his snoring or movement 4 or 5 times, I’m so annoyed that I head to the couch. I don’t mind sleeping on the couch or now in our guest room since his oldest daughter moved out. Would I rather be in our super comfy bed next to my warm boyfriend? Of course, but this pattern of trying to sleep, getting woken up, trying to fall asleep, getting woken up, leaving the bed and fall asleep elsewhere is getting to me. I also don’t want to rely on sleep medicine all the time to force me to fall asleep. The reason it’s a pattern is because every night the boyfriend complains that I don’t like sleeping with him. “I sleep better when you’re in here”. “So we are just going to sleep separately forever?” “Can’t you just try and sleep in here tonight?” (which I do try 90% of the time until he dozes off) He’s wonderful in every aspect, but he doesn’t seem to understand that I am getting worn down not having a good night sleep at his expense. AITA for not trying hard enough?<|response|> Try going to the doctors about his snoring, there is help out there to help him get better <|endoftext|>
124514	1	AITA for despising a manipulative manchild I met this person about 1.5 years ago and since he seemed lonely I became friends with him. He was cool at first, however, it turns out he's kind of a terrible person. He has no regard for anyone other than himself, and will only talk about things that he has an interest in, will often have me take responsibility for housework (that he is expected to do before my arrival), and often oversteps social and conversational boundaries. Any conversation or discussion is frequently derailed with new topics that are obscure to all other participants in an effort to be seen as "random". He compulsively lies about his achievements and belongings to make himself seem like a better person. If called out on an obvious lie, he will admit to it, yet use the same lie 2 weeks later. He occasionally rants about how he is a "nice guy" and that girls only want "chads" (thanks incels) after he gets rejected, despite the fact he evidently only really wants a girlfriend for bragging rights. Despite that there have been several girls that he has overstepped numerous boundaries via stalking and other concerning activities. He sometimes changes his "personality" to be "I'm a cool dude just don't hurt my friends or you'll get on my dark side" like cliche characters like Sans and Goku. (Great inspirations, I know) Since very little people like to hang out with him, he occasionally attempts to use guilt to get others to socialize with him. I really want to think I'm not the asshole here because I've given him a year and a half to improve his act by giving him advice on being more socially competent, and I've given him the benefit of the doubt for that same time. His antics have caused my (as well as other's) mental health to gradually plummet. There's a lot more down this rabbit hole that I would like to cover, but I'm worried about the word count. Feel free to ask questions.<|response|> NTA. Why even bother asking this sub when you paint such an unflattering picture of him and go on to say he hasn't changed after you've given him the chance? <|endoftext|>
102736	4	AITA for being annoyed with my friend for not telling me she wasn't meeting me when she said she would? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills, because all my other friends say I'm overreacting when I sent her a message saying how she'd hurt me by cancelling our get togethers last minute and not telling me 3 times in a row. First and second times she had cancelled last minute because she was drunk but at least she told me. Third time she just didn't show up and I ended up calling her to find out she was at the beach with another friend. AITA here?<|response|> I'm kind of curious about any other details, but I think either way you are not the asshole. Anyway, it's my impression that this person doesn't really value you as a friend. It's probably just time to move on, or at least not allow yourself to put too much value in relying on this person. Life is too short to spend on people who don't respect you or your time. <|endoftext|>
80672	3	WIBTA If I asked a friend group for another birthday party with gifts? I (17M) recently turned 17. I don’t mention my birthday much and almost all of my friends forgot, this doesn’t bother me so much because I don’t talk about my birthday much. Most of them found out through Snapchat and wished me a happy birthday throughout the day. After school I went to a club where I have made a lot of friends. When this friend group started maybe we would hang out once or twice a month but as time went on we started hanging out more and more. Anyways a person in the group had a birthday in October and a group chat was created mid September to plan for his birthday. We all went over to someone’s house and surprised him for his birthday and everyone brought gifts. Personally I spent over 40$ on this kids birthday mostly for food and gifts and other things. Everybody came and gave him gifts like gift cards and a list of 100 things that people liked about him. It was a party and it was a good birthday. Then comes my birthday about 30 or so days later. My friends from the club all sing me happy birthday after school on that day. One kid even messaged me that night to “get information on what I wanted for my birthday”. I thought it would be taken care of and they told me the party would be three days away. I didn’t worry about it and just thought they would take care of it. So three days pass, and it gets to be the night before my birthday party. In the group chat someone asked if we were going to hang out at the mall from 1-5. Then someone responded with yes for (My Names) birthday party. I wake up the next day which we don’t have school for and hangout with another group of friends before lunch. After lunch I head over to the mall and everybody yells happy birthday. Then they took out their gifts and I seriously thought this is a joke. One gift was good, it was a water bottle that was filled with my favorite candy and had other small things I enjoyed. However I only got one other gift in a group of 10 people and that was a potato with a candle in it(because I’m Irish). At this point I was kind of upset because at another kids party in the same friend group he got about 200+ dollars worth of gifts and got sushi that I along with another person paid for. Meanwhile I had one real gift a gag gift and had to buy my own food at the malls food court. I was livid by the time I left mall and I have just thought I would get over this as time passed. That was until recently when I was added to a birthday group chat for another kids birthday that isn’t for another 4 weeks. Now I feel like<|response|> YTA for being so entitled and materialistic, which I'm sure the friend group has picked up on. They gifted you accordingly. <|endoftext|>
184714	2	AITA if I wanted to meet up with my boyfriend while he’s hanging out with his ex girlfriend? So me (32F) and my boyfriend (37M) are in New York for Christmas. We have been living together and dating for 1.5 years. For the holidays, we drove from our home Florida to New York to see his family. He also wants to see the dog that he got with his ex girlfriend, which means at some point meeting up with his ex girlfriend. They make plans to go to lunch, but I am not invited. He insisted on letting me take his aunts car, so I am not stuck at his family’s house while he’s gone. He told me I can go shopping at the mall (even though I hate shopping). So he leaves to meet up with her, and the more I think about it, the more I got annoyed. I would never go anywhere alone with my ex and not be able to invite my boyfriend. Conversely, if my ex was in town for the holidays, I would never invite him to lunch without his girlfriend, knowing she traveled with him. So I texted my boyfriend to see if I can swing by to meet up with them. He told me that he is at his ex’s house and she is uncomfortable about it. He gave me the address anyhow. Obviously I am not going to her house, because I know she was very emotional about the breakup and I don’t want to cause drama. However, I did text him back, “I’ll be there in 10 minutes” so they both can freak out about it. That was an hour ago and he hasn’t asked where I am. Am I being an asshole here? EDIT TO ADD MORE INFO: We did a long distance thing for a little while, but he decided to move to FL to be with me. When he moved, he didn’t tell her that he moved in with me. She thought he was staying with his best friend. When I confronted him about it, he said she doesn’t know about me because she has severe anxiety and he wants to let her down gently even though they have been broken up for a year. UPDATE: Its been 3 hours. I finally called him and he was in the car with ex who was dropping him off to pick up his car. He tried to get off the phone because his battery was dying, but I told him there’s no reason he can stay on the phone with me until it died. He said he felt bad for leaving me for so long but they were just catching up and talking about “what lead me to my decisions and how I’m doing and basic stuff”. She wanted “closure for everything” and she had a long letter written out from therapy. “She had an issue with telling me things and it’s part of the reason why it took so long.” They didn’t go to eat. She’s still not over him.<|response|> So, there is more at play here. But why does he need to go to lunch to see his dog? I don't see any way the dog would actually be at lunch. <|endoftext|>
185152	4	AITA for not allowing my friend to bring their ESA to my house? My friend, B, is visiting me from college. He lives overseas and it was really nice of him to visit over winter break. My friends from my hometown are excited to meet him and I think they'll get along well. He is staying at my house and told me to invite some of my hometown friends to come hang out. I asked a handful of people, one friend, W was excited to meet him. W texted me saying: "I'm bringing my dog over, is that ok?" I know W has really bad anxiety that worsens without their dog. But, B has a really awful phobia of dogs due to severe trauma as a child. I told W "B has a really horrible phobia of dogs. I'm sorry. Maybe we could hang a different time and try to figure it out?" (B also confirmed this message and said he couldn't be around a dog) W was a bit sad because he wanted to meet my friend.<|response|> NAH. It's totally reasonable to ask, and it's totally reasonable to say no if someone with a phobia of dogs is staying with you. <|endoftext|>
161366	3	AITA for telling my mom to fuck off after she insulted my bf? My mum and I get along pretty well, but she never liked my boyfriend of three years. My boyfriend is only slightly overweight but has a massive stomach. That's mostly due to a stomach condition he has (that causes bloating and horrible stomach and belly pains) and not due to his weight (as I said, he's only a bit chubby, not obese) My mum has never made comments on his weight. At least not until the other day, when I told her I couldn't come over to her house for dinner as we had planned because my boyfriend was having a flare up and was barely able to leave his bed. At that point she said: "well, if he stopped eating like a pig then maybe he wouldn't have gut pains, with the size of that belly what else can he expect? Also, he should stop being a whiny pussy and handle the pain as everyone does. He shouldn't make such a big deal out of it!" I was furious. Not only is her statement ignorant, because what does the size of someone's belly have to do with anything? But she was being extremely rude. She knows about his condition and I told her multiple times that it is debilitating, that it's not just a little bit of pain and a bit of nausea. After that, being in that situation, with my boyfriend in the other room literally groaning in pain I losf if and I just told her to fuck off and that I would not be talking to her until she apologized. My sister told me I overreacted and that I'm crazy for acting like this. What do you guys think?<|response|> NTA- Chronic pain is important and serious, good on you for defending your bf <|endoftext|>
101963	5	AITA for not wanting to go to church every sunday with my mom? So, I'm not just some edgy teen, I'm 19 years old and actually consider myself to be agnostic bordering on catholic. I go to school full time and don't do much else. I never go out with friends or anything. I am fine going sometimes, but other times I am busy and don't have time/have more important things to do. Whenever I try to tell my mom this, she makes the same points: ie you live under my roof, it's very important to me, it's my job to make sure you don't go to hell, sometimes she even cries. It makes me feel very guilty, but at the same time, I'm an adult now and should be able to decide if I want to go to church or not, yeah? Am I the asshole?<|response|> I don't think you're an asshole. I was in this situation, sort of, once. If she's like my mom, then she is honestly just worried about you. It's a touch over-protective and, well, you are an adult, but some parents are like this. Getting your own place is about the only way to really end the immediate pressure, but it never really ends. I still talk to my mom about the afterlife and she still worries, 20+ years later. The difference is that now I appreciate it more. Moms are going to mom. <|endoftext|>
142593	4	AITA for getting mad at a friend for being ungrateful for his dad? I had another fight with my dad about my academics so I tried talking to a close friend to calm me down. His parents are divorced and he lives with his mum but he's still in contact with his dad but he said it doesn't feel like his dad is actually his dad since he's been gone for so long. We start talking about our parents and I realise my dad has never said he's proud of me and he's never praised me for anything. In turn, my friend says his dad sends him long essays on the daily about how much he's proud of him and he doesn't even reply to them because "he isn't comfortable" with his dad. I get angry with my friend because of how ungrateful he is for his dad, at least he could reply with a thank you or something. I'd give anything for my dad to be that caring and involved with me. He then lashes back at me and says I can't get angry at him for that because him being uncomfortable with his dad is something he can't change. So I realise I may have overstepped some boundaries but AITA?<|response|> YTA. His relationship with his dad has its own complexities and he isn’t ungrateful for not approaching it as you would. Who are you to judge? <|endoftext|>
92357	4	AITA for telling my little cousin that he is spoiled brat? My little cousin, aged 8, had everything in life handed to him on a silver platter. If he just wanted something, anything, he would get it in the blink of an eye. He is a great kid and all, but can’t seem to realize that not everybody lives life the way he does. For example, the way my household would work for toys and trinkets would be that I would have to earn it . All As would mean I could get a video game or a nerf gun. But nothing over 60 dollars. Although my family has a very stable income with a decent surplus, I still had to earn it. Now my little cousin, his family makes a hefty amount of money. huge house and nice cars. My Aunt and Uncle are great people and I don’t mean any trouble for them. But their son expects and receives whatever he wants. Anyways the reason I called him a spoiled brat is that he came over to my family’s house for Christmas. We open gifts and the first thing he does is start crying. He started complaining why all the gifts weren’t for him, and my cousin already had a bunch of gifts at home. I didn’t really care so I moved on. Then we he starts opening his own gift that me and my sister personally made, he starts crying and throws a tantrum on how his gift “sucks” and he hates our family. His parents scolded him, but it was more like a slap on the wrist. I was furious, he was so stuck up in his own world and didn’t understand the hard work me and my sister put into the gift for him. It wasnt some crappy sweater or something, we made a stuffed animal for him. A while after, I pulled him to the side and just flamed him. How he is a spoiled brat, and doesn’t deserve any of his consoles and PCs and toys. I told him more than just this but I feel guilty saying this to my cousin. Regardless, am I the asshole? Edit: After reviewing all the replys, I used that Info to construct an apology. He seemed like he didn’t care but I think the apology meant something to him and he may feel better now.<|response|> I mean, yeah you're kinda the asshole. Don't get me wrong, your cousin does sound spoiled, but he's also 8. I don't think you're wrong for trying to teach him gratitude, but you went about it in an immature way that's more likely to just upset him than to make him see why his behavior was wrong and hurtful. YTA. <|endoftext|>
77217	3	WIBTA if I started making a plate of food at a work potluck while everyone else is praying? I work for a rather large company that technically should be free from religion. Or at least group prayer among teams. You know, typical work place rules. But everytime my crew gets together for a potluck, or a holiday, or to celebrate something, they always have someone pray to bless the food before we eat. I am not a religious person and I do not believe in prayer. I usually just stand there staring at the floor when they do this. I don't really care if they want to pray, but I find it rude that they assume everyone believes the same thing. I don't necessarily want to make them stop, but WIBTA if I just started getting my food while they prayed? **Edit** I just wanted to add some stuff here. When we have these parties, we set the food up in our work area. Everyone has their desk and a small table so we usually put some tables together, add a table cloth and put the food on top. We are also hourly and get 30 mins for lunch (although, if it goes over a bit it's not the end of the world.) So, we aren't all meeting in a conference room at a certain time where I could stroll in late. There is also about 30 of us on my crew. If we invite the salary people it is like 60 people. This post isn't about my lack of patience for eating. Its more so about supervisors and general foremen calling everyone over so we can say Grace. I find that innapropriate in a work setting. Especially with the amount of different people who work in our department. I do appreciate everyone who gave their opinion here. I really enjoyed the conversations. And I am sorry if my question upset any people. That wasn't my intention.<|response|> YTA. It’s not so much the prayer that makes it bad to jump the line, it’s the fact that everyone else is waiting <|endoftext|>
60579	3	WIBTA if I emailed my boss about my coworker/friend? I work in billing analytics for a big corporation. We have our mandatory daily work and can also be involved with special projects. I am on several and also responsible for training new employees. My days are pretty busy and we are also very behind on our workload right now after a new system was implemented that messed with our productions levels. I've been instructed not to train and we are all super focused on just getting work done. Since we are so behind we will get escalated requests from management for accounts that need to be worked ASAP. My manager tries to send these out to us fairly so we aren't bogged down. He will sometimes send these to my friend who I trained and she doesn't always have the skillset to work these. Yet she will tell him YES then immediately email me for help and to walk her through it. I get frustrated with this. Its not the best use of my time or the companies. Essentially you have two reps doing the work of one. Yesterday I responded to her after she asked me to investigate and get back to her to please let our manager know that she doesn't have the skillset for that request and to have him send it to me so only one of us works this. She said no, she would try to do it and if I could just spend a few minutes tomorrow reviewing her work. So ...WIBTA if I emailed my manager directly advising him that she cannot handle these requests and offer to train her on more escalated work once our busy season dies down? I feel like that's betraying her a bit as she would look bad in his eyes for always saying yes but I can't keep covering for people and myself. And I've tried to broach this with her but she's not getting it. Thanks :)<|response|> NTA but I would only email the manager as a last resort. Start by firmly saying to your friend/co-worker that you can't help her now and not to accept requests she cannot fulfil. This puts the responsibility on her to be honest about her skills. If she keeps doing it, next time she forwards you an email for help, you can respond and copy the manager in and say something along the line of "Happy to help later, @manager, can you please confirm when you would need this by?" If you do that a couple of times, he should understand fairly quickly. This way she has at least the opportunity of letting him know what she can realistically do. <|endoftext|>
41046	3	AITA for throwing my coworker’s paycheck into my manager’s locked office? So I work at a Dunkin Donuts and today was payday which is on Friday. Today my schedule had me stay until 4pm. I told my manager that I couldn’t stay that long and asked if I could leave at 3:10 to pick up my younger sister from her bus stop at 3:30. For some context, my sister is 8 y/o and our house is a 10 minute walking distance away but with all the child abduction news, my parents can’t be too sure and rather me walk her home and its not a problem for me because she’s my sister. My manager said it wasn’t a problem and to just let my coworker know when he arrives. He is scheduled to come in at 2 and when 2 o’clock arrives, he doesn’t show up. Honestly, its whatever if he shows up a few minutes late. A friend (Lets call her Al) who is another coworker of mine pops up and asks if I wanted to hang out and told her to wait for my shift to end. She agrees and patiently waits for me. 3 o’clock rolls around and my coworker still hasn’t shown up. Now I’m getting angry because he hasn’t even called to let me or my manager know why he’s late. At 3:15, I ask Al if she could cover for me really quick while I go pick up my sister and she agrees. I run to the bus stop, pick up my sister, and run back to the Dunkin Donuts to continue working and he still isn’t there when I get back. It was at this point that I am seething and out of spite, I throw his paycheck into our manager’s office which is kept locked because the coworker who was supposed to be working at 2 was notorious for chilling in the manager’s room and keeping check on the cameras and only going out to work when customers would arrive and my manager didn’t really like that. At 4 o’clock, he FINALLY shows up and doesn’t say a word and walks in with his usual smug ass face. I restrain myself to the best of my ability and clock out and leave without saying a word to him. I told Al what I did on our way to my house and she told me that he deserved it for all the shit he’s done. This isn’t the first time he’s shown up late. He is probably the worst employee at that Dunkin Donuts location. He’s lazy, incompetent, rude, disrespectful, racist, and probably the worst human being you could ever meet. This is also something that can be backed up by many customer complaints and even people who work with us complain about him. Im not trying to justify what I did by saying all of this but was trying to provide some background to show the type of person he is. His next shift is on Wednesday of next week. Am I the asshole<|response|> YTA I completely understand and the dude sounds like he deserves it but that was still an asshole move. I wouldn't sweat it though sometimes a little assholery like that is justifiable. <|endoftext|>
133296	2	WIBTA for not letting my son skip a grade because his older brother is in that grade and they already fight a lot? For context, he doesn’t know he’s eligible to skip a grade. He’s very smart (9m) but is constantly shoving it in his older brothers (10m) face in a bullyish manner, calling him fat and stupid on the daily. I scold him and tell him not to talk to his own brother that way but he doesn’t listen. Anyhow, the older brother has attention issues and needs to work harder in school to get decent grades and is a nice but antisocial child. I think it could be damaging for them to be in the same grade their whole lives given the relationship. But also don’t want to withhold my gifted son from the opportunity at the same time. What do you think?<|response|> YTA. "Instead of being a parent and teaching my son that bullying people for having a learning disorder is bad I'm just going to hold him back from academic acheivements" <|endoftext|>
61188	4	AITA for refusing to move or stop vaping at the lake Today I was at the lake with my family, my partner had both our boys in the water swimming while I was enjoying sitting in the sun relaxing. The spot where we chose to set up was far back from the water where no one else was sitting becuase I vape (both nicotine and oil). I was enjoying reading my book and vaping when a youngerish mom with a baby and a toddler sat right next to me. She made a big show of coughing loudly everytime I vaped. I ignored her and just vaped more, the wind was blowing away from her and there was plenty of places to sit that weren't right next to me. By the time we left she was saying things to her kids loudly like, 'eww look at that nasty smoke, we dont want that around us' but never said anything directly to me. Boyfriend said I should have moved (no we had a lot of crap and I'm not moving it all) or walked away everytime I wanted to vape. I say if she had such a problem she could have moved or at least grown a pair and talked to me like an adult. AITA for refusing to move or should she grow up? Edit- thank you to everyone who responded. Just to clarify. At this lake vaping and smoking are allowed 25 feet from the building with bathrooms and concessions, I was about 100 feet from there and everyone else was on the other side towards the lake. I made a point to be as far from other people as I could. There were no playgrounds or anything else near me. To those who said I shouldn't vape in public, I'm not going to my car everytime I want to hit my mod, I did what I could, sorry not sorry.<|response|> NTA- she came up to YOU- its vaping, not like you lit a carton of cigarettes on fire and fanned it at her children. Some people like to use strangers as teaching tools for their kids- cuz thats totally appropriate . "Look Tommy, we are entitled to pure comfort wherever we go, and if people don't change their behavior for us its ok to shame them! Also smoking is bad" Try that without the imposed elitism Karen. <|endoftext|>
109426	4	AITA for being annoyed with disabled coworker So I'm not sure if I'm in the wrong/ an asshole for being annoyed with a disabled coworker ( will refer to as A) here's some of the reasons I find myself being annoyed. (My first post with this, don't mind the formatting) -When *A* constantly blocks customer access to my counter with their wheelchair when *A* is trying to talk to me even if I'm working with someone ? -*A* always leaves their opened waterbottles or sometimes snacks on the edge of my counter too so *A* can reach it easily and then they forget it when they leave. -*A* always complains over the comms that their guardian is late and how "*guardian* better make it up to me" even though *A* knows *guardian* works in the cities and traffic is bad at any given time of day. Like, *A* is nice and all, but these are constantly constantly getting on my nerves. Edit: More for the INFO bit, *A* has an entire open area on the other side of a shelfing rack that is a few feet in front of my counter, the rack is there to force my customers into a line so that i can help them from behind my counter. *A* likes to come in between that rack and my counter to talk to me.<|response|> INFO for one, NTA for others. > When A constantly blocks customer access to my counter with their wheelchair when A is trying to talk to me even if I'm working with someone INFO - Is there anywhere else can they can actually go? Sometimes this is inevitable if she has to talk to you about work related things. If she's doing this to chit-chat then it's legitimately causing an issue with your work. > A always leaves their opened waterbottles or sometimes snacks on the edge of my counter too so A can reach it easily and then they forget it when they leave. NTA - This is just rude. You got your own space, they have theirs. Your desk is not her garbage can or fridge. Her disability is irrelevant here. > A always complains over the comms that their guardian is late and how "guardian better make it up to me" even though A knows guardian works in the cities and traffic is bad at any given time of day. NTA - Your manager should be asking her to keep non-work related stuff from the comms. Plus, I'd imagine not everyone wants to listen to the bitching about it every time - it ain't Jerry Springer or Dr. Phil. <|endoftext|>
119825	1	AITA for doing things to get people to owe me? I like the idea of people helping me when I get in trouble but while friends are nice to have it's hard to make reliable enough friends that can do things for me without needing to do them something first. So I go around work, the neighborhood, school, or where ever and do people favors that are not of big cost to me and are only a bit time consuming for me. Then tell them they owe me in the future. I usually don't even cash in those favors as either to much time has passed for what I did to be significant anymore or I don't even need them to do anything. However when I do call in those favors it is usually for something bigger when what I actually helped them with for example I helped someone with a single problem of the homework now do this whole homework sheet for me. If they don't help me I will guilt trip them into doing it and if that doesn't work I simply don't do them anymore favors cut contact with them and if they ask for any favors I say sure but then don't do them and screw them over even more. This is devastating when it happens in my job. I cover a two hour shift but then later they refuse to cover my five hour shift and when guilt tripping didn't work when they asked me to cover they're shift again I said sure but then didn't show up and it got marked against them unsure if they got fired or not (don't care that much). Well one day my very observant friend, lets call him simon said he notices that I do that and asked me why, so I told him it was like getting extra parachutes to make sure I am safe when I fall. He agreed that it was okay but my other friend who was hanging with us lets call him joe said it was wrong and that I was an asshole. I don't think it's that assholish of a thing I do them a favor and then they owe me I think it's chaotic good. But what do you redditors think? AITA?<|response|> YTA. Like big time. Like I can’t decide if I think this is a shitpost. <|endoftext|>
158611	3	AITA? Didn't invite young teenage cousin's to wedding So my fiance and I (27) are getting married next week. Invites got sent out out nearly 6 months ago. A month or so ago my Aunt rings my mother and asks why her children (12, 14, & 16) aren't invited to the wedding. My fiance and I decides that we were having no children as it was expensive enough as is. Only person under 18 coming is her cousin(17) as she only has 3 cousins. I have quite a large family and couldn't invite most of my Dad's side. Later I rang my Aunt and explained to her that we're not having kids at the wedding as we just couldn't afford it. She proceeded to lose her shit and suggested I un-invited my adult cousin's (24, 26, & 27- lived 10 minutes away and treat them like siblings) partners to make room for her kids. Conversation ends with Aunt saying well I guess there's nothing I can do to change your mind, I reply yeah pretty much. Sorry but it's just how it is. 3 days later I get their RSVP in the mail, Aunt & Uncle are not coming. AITA?<|response|> NTA . Your Aunt has no right to dictate who gets to come and doesn’t to YOUR wedding. <|endoftext|>
4878	3	AITA for not wanting my gf to spend 160$ TL;DR: my gf wants to buy me two games that total 160$ and I don't want her to which made her sad Okay so I've been with my gf for 4 years now and one day she was joking about getting me a video game and I was like "Amma hold you up to that" and now she actually wanna pre-order two games for me Battlefield V and Anthem but these two games are just too expensive they total almost 160$ and she's insisting on buying me both of them I tried to convince her to not buy me any games at all but she doesn't wanna do that and then I asked for her to only buy me one game instead to meet her half way but she doesn't wanna do that either and she's telling me she'll be super sad if I didn't let her buy the two games. And I really don't want her to just spend that amount of money on two games that aren't even out yet.<|response|> Not an asshole for not wanting her to spend that much money on you, but kind of an asshole if you do more than share your opinion (assuming that this is her money to spend however she likes). <|endoftext|>
32420	2	AITA for not letting my gf see her ex to "tie the loose end"? As said in the title, my gf (together for six month)is going to her home state to visit. Before she left, she asked me if she can have dinner with her ex-boyfriend of 2 years so they can have proper closure and move on. She said the reason is they broke up over the phone and not in person so she doesn't feel that they ended right. I said no because, first I believe the best way to move on is to cut contact all together, and second I know her ex is flying 500 miles to meet her for this so I can’t trust his motive. So guys, am I the asshole for not trusting her enough to handle this on her own?<|response|> NTA. This dude is *flying 500 miles for this?* If that’s not a huge red flag I don’t know what is. No dude is going to fly 500 miles just to have dinner with an ex for “closure.” Unless “closure” means all night fuck fest. Because then... yeah, he would. Edit: Also ask yourself... *Why is she still in contact with him, to the point that they discuss travel plans together...?* Everything about this is a red flag. I.... idk, this whole thing might be a good enough reason for me to leave someone. They’re *both* still invested in each other on some level. <|endoftext|>
182237	2	AITA? Stopped my friend being unable to graduate, he got mad We're 2 months behind on a group project that's due on the 10th of January, we only had our first meeting last week because my friend would either not tell us when he can meet or when we were meeting, tell us an hour before that he wasn't in the city when he was given a week's notice (we're all needed and if one person isn't there, it can't go forward) Once we had our first meeting, we (or rather I) got to work. I kept my end up, but he didn't do his work. When asked about this, he just blanked. Others have been like this too. I contacted my tutor and let him know the situation. I didn't name any names, just outlined where we're at and why. He's been incredibly helpful, he's outlined a plan for us as well as offered any additional help that we need. He did emphasize the rule about referral/deferral. He said It's best to tell them myself what has been said now that I've contacted him, which I did. All our degrees depend on part of this, it's our last year of uni so it's important. To everyone else's credit they've accepted their part in this, apologised and are now cracking on. But my friend got angry. He started saying that there's no need to panic and contact the tutor when it's due on the 24th of January. But when I showed him that he was wrong and that it's due the 10th and that he may not graduate if he doesn't pull together, he started getting aggressive. He flipped out saying that I was "childish" & "trying to cover my own ass" by "going behind their backs" I responded by outlining again the situation again and telling everyone that we're friends and we look out for each other I've since told him privately that how he was acting was out of line and reminded him that earlier this year he admitted to me of his own accord that he felt like he'd been a bad friend who was lazy and neglected me, and that he wanted to do better & show more respect because I'd only ever helped him. He's just ignored everything and hasn't responded to any of the work going on right now either. I think that the language and tone he used was childish and not reasonable, which is what he attempted to accuse me of. At no point did I use aggressive words or try to belittle anyone with accusations or swear. I only spoke about what had happened. I don't think anything is childish about asking for help when it's needed I do understand some of his concerns, specifically about telling them first before the tutor. But I tried for 2 months and nothing changed, change has only come now that the Tutor is involved so in that aspect I believe what I did was right. Nobody deserves to not graduate, end up an extra £9000 in<|response|> NTA - this is your future too! <|endoftext|>
111689	1	AITA or would I be the asshole if I got upset with my SO having a sex dream about a celebrity? Quick preface about a month ago my girlfriend moved across the country to start a new job. ***(Think this may pop up as a repost as I accidentally posted it earler)*** Although she's a fair bit away, I'm cool with it as we've done long distance before, are both planning on moving to the same area and keep in regular contact, no issues at all there I thought...but I think it might be getting into my head. I visited her last week, had a little time for just us two and got to make up for the weeks without sex which was great. Today in mid text conversation about crushes we had as kids she sent me a message along the lines of > "I had a sex dream about *>popular attractive celeb<* last night...which was amazing, don't know what I did to deserve it." I know sex dreams happen and you can't exactly control them but I'm pretty annoyed about what she's told me and how she told me too. It seems really petty but I can't get over the mild irritation at the **"which was amazing"** bit.... Would I be the asshole if I brought this up as an issue? ^((also how would you bring it up if you were me?)^)<|response|> You’re kidding right? You’re definitely the asshole. <|endoftext|>
178776	5	AITA for not wanting to talk on the phone? So I have a longtime friend (we've been friends for almost 30 years - we're both 44) who I used to talk on the phone with all the time - before texting was an option. These days, I work at home, usually at night, and he'll call me and I won't answer because I'm busy and also because I really don't like to talk on the phone anymore. I talk to my mom, because she doesn't text. Otherwise, I find phone conversations very disruptive of my time that I'm trying to use working. Texting is different because I can respond as it's convenient and it doesn't require me to drop what I'm doing and turn all my attention to the phone. Anyway, now, my friend will text me things like "Hey call me I've got a funny story to tell you." I don't call him because he isn't capable of having a quick phone conversation. He will go on and on for as long as I'll let him, and I'm always the one that has to cut him off and excuse myself from the phone call. And seriously, you have to interrupt him to get off the phone. It's frustrating. I'm happy to text or hang out in person (because at least in person that's time I've planned to hang out with him and I'm not getting unexpectedly interrupted while I'm working or relaxing). But he's irritated that I refuse to talk on the phone. So, AITA for not wanting to talk on the phone and choosing not to do it? Should he stop trying to pressure me to talk on the phone, or should I be making time for his calls?<|response|> I'll go with NAH. People have different communication preferences. My mom asked why I text with my girlfriend rather than talk, and the answer is because I can text whenever it's convenient, and she can respond whenever it's convenient. Meanwhile, others like my mom love to actually hear voices. So, it sounds like you're more like me in that regard, and your friend is more like my mom. <|endoftext|>
125648	2	AITA For not driving a drunk “friend” home? Here is a bit of a backstory I wouldn’t call this person my friend, but we know each other because of mutual friends. She (I’ll call her B) tries to one up the person in any subject. For example B says she has a high tolerance when it comes to alcohol. My boyfriend decided to put it to the test the next time we all hang out. They agreed and that’s where the story begins. B, my boyfriend and I were invited to a birthday party for a friend. Since I knew B and my boyfriend would be drinking I decided that I’ll be the sober one and drive them both to the party. I knew B and the birthday friend were friends so I thought B lived close. Nope, B lived 20 miles south from the birthday friend. We all were have fun eating food, cake and snacks while playing a few board games. A pretty laid back party, until the alcohol came to play. My boyfriend thought it would be fun to take shots of 190 proof Everclear. This stuff is so strong it could be used as fuel for your car. Of course B and my boyfriend take a shot, and chase it down with dark rum. This was after they both had a few glasses of wine. B was not feeling good at this point, and she became pretty drunk. So drunk that she was starting to get irritating. B was talking a bit too loud for my taste and she even tried to talk us into buy stuff from her MLM. At around 2am I decided I was getting pretty tired (I had to work at 8:00am anyway) and wanted to leave. I just didn’t want to bring B home. I knew it would take 30 minutes to bring her home. Probably drag her up to her apartment building, and then drive another 30 just so I can go to bed. I was so tired as it is, I was not up for the task. Plus my boyfriend’s place was only 10 minutes away. At this point B was also passed out on the couch. We decided to wake her and told her we would be leaving without her and then left for the night. Was this an asshole move? Or do you think this was justified? Edit: Yes she did find another way home<|response|> YTA So much poor planning and lack of maturity all around here. <|endoftext|>
4370	2	AITA for feeling betrayed by my friend? Long story short, I dated a guy. I loved him very much and we had plans to live together, but we both were going through pretty severe depression and it ultimately fell to pieces when he was unable to support me emotionally, culminating in an incident where there was some unwanted physical contact which I didn't resist out of fear and confusion at the time, but nothing illegal and nothing I blame him for. There were a lot of warning signs leading up to this that only my ex's best friend noticed. He even went so far as to confront my ex about the way I was being treated, but was told to stay out of it. After breaking up with me, my ex left town, abandoning me alongside all of his friends here, deleting all of his social media accounts and essentially disappearing off the grid. My ex's best friend sent him a message every single day for a month, but never got any response, save for my ex's brother telling him to slit his wrists. &#x200B; My ex's best friend and I bonded over the shared pain caused by this abandonment. He eventually grew to be MY best friend. At one point, it was so bad that said best friend attempted suicide. He has since gotten help and is doing a lot better. It's worth mentioning that this best friend has major depressive disorder, anxiety, ADHD, autism, dysgraphia, memory issues alongside a laundry list of other disorders. &#x200B; Three months after disappearing, my ex sent a message announcing that he was back. Some of the more distant friends he had that were not affected by his disappearance were happy to see him back and regularly game with him on steam, but myself and my new best friend weren't having any of it. He hadn't apologized or shown any remorse for his actions whatsoever. My best friend composed a heartfelt message explaining the pain that had been caused - my ex responded with self deprecating comments, said 'goodbye forever', and blocked my friend. &#x200B; Side tangent - Perhaps stupidly, I vented to one of the friends that reconciled with my ex - me having a breakdown at 3am, him being drunk. I spoke about how I had felt violated and regretted the unwanted physical contact. The friend I vented to took this to my ex and told him that I had started a rumor that he was a rapist. This obviously destroyed any chance of me getting back in contact with my ex, and lost me a couple of friends whom believed the false story. I have no doubt that the friend exaggerated for a chance to get at me - we have always had a bit of a destructive love/hate relationship and I can completely believe that he would be the type to lie and start drama purely to mess with me, as the subject of my ex has always been a lowblow target for him to make fun of. Admittedly, the way<|response|> NTA... this whole situation sounds toxic. I'd say it's time to cut your losses and find some new friends. <|endoftext|>
144639	2	AITA For Thinking My Wifes Friend Should Pay To Have The Bedbugs She infested us with Exterminated? My wife has a friend, let's go in alphabetical order for names. So my wife has a friend named Amy, and Amy has two sons. My wife knew that Amy had dealt with bedbugs in her old home but had gotten rid of them, supposedly, then she got them in her new home, apparently they were not all gone. Amy never disclosed this active infestation to my wife or me. Amy asked if she could crash out our place for a couple of nights due to reasons which are not important to this discussion. We talked and agreed that she and her boys could stay here for a couple of nights. They brought pillows, a blanket each, and a couple of baskets of clothes to wash, when they got here they dropped everything on the couch and we sat them down and made them some dinner. They stayed a couple of nights and left. Then I found a bump on my leg one night, over the next few nights I found more and more, I thought I was going crazy, then my wife got a couple and our kids got some as well. During this time they came over 3 or 4 more times, each time bringing clothes, backpacks, a game system to hook up to the TV to stay entertained etc. One night sitting on the couch I felt a movement on my arm, looked down and saw a bug, a few minutes of googling and I discover this is a bed bug and that the bites we have had are consistent with bedbug bites. Around this time we started seeing tiny roaches as well. Turns out to be from the game system. I confronted Amy. She admitted that they had an active infestation at her current home, including both bed bugs and roaches but that it was being handled by an exterminator. The problem is that we now have an active infestation, we have never had roaches or bed bugs before. So I call a few exterminator companies, they come out and investigate and the bedbugs have taken hold, they are in every room of the home including the basement and attic and we will need full remediation, one of them was very thorough and even moved furniture including our heavy couch and showed me a massive infestation and said "this looks like where they started given how many are here". He gave us advice such as using a vacuum to suck them up and clean them out etc but said we would absolutely need service. The service is going to cost us 2900 dollars. I am the only one working and we barely make ends meet as it is, we cannot afford 2900 dollars. So I told my wife Amy needs to pay for the exterminator, she brought over infested materials without telling us, if she had told us we could have taken precautions to prevent infesting us but she didn't. Now<|response|> NTA she needs to pay for everything. Crazy that your wife and her don’t see this. <|endoftext|>
35949	3	AITA for blocking my brothers sister on FB My brother and I have different mothers, the same father and while I knew about him my whole life, he didn’t know about me until the day before he met me. He told his mother he found and was going to meet his dad and she casually threw out “Yeah, and you have a sister.” His mother has other kids I have never met but after we met, they friended me on Facebook. I figured they were curious about me and I was somewhat curious about them. His mother friended me on Facebook but deleted me after I made a status update saying I wanted people to stop trying to contact me to try and reach my dad, that he would contact who he wanted to contact on his own and that I wasn’t his messenger service. I found out my brother had kids, when we met it was just two, now he has 4 (proud aunty am I ^_^ ) My brother and I don’t live close to one another and I live even further away from the mother of the oldest child. I don’t get to see the kids often in person but when I do there are tons of good times and pictures, some of which I post on Facebook. One of my brothers sisters, let’s call her Darlene, is a friend on Facebook but we don’t talk, and she’s spent way more time with the kids than I ever Have, however, despite never saying a word to me, It almost never fails that when I post something that involves the kids, she swoops in, shares the pictures, labels the kids as “her babies” and it feels like she’s stealing the precious few moments I get with them. I got fed up with her and blocked her on FB, so, AITA?<|response|> Eh I'mma say NAH, Darlene has as much right to love on the kids as you do. Honestly, you shouldn't really be putting pictures of other people's kids on Facebook. <|endoftext|>
95847	4	AITA for using the words "dominate" and "conquer" after making her tap in BJJ? So I just started BJJ about 6 months ago. This one girl has beat me every single time up until know. She has been doing it a lot longer than me, but is also a lot shorter/smaller than me. I finally tapped her when we were rolling. I pumped my fist in the air, and said "I finally conquered you, it felt really good to dominate that roll". She got upset and told me to stop gloating, and started raising her voice and my coach had to mediate. I told her to stop being a sore loser, and she didn't respond. My coach said we should not roll with each other for awhile and avoid contact with each other until we both can grow up. &#x200B; AITA?<|response|> YTA- Grow up. You didn’t dominate, you tapped her out. It will happen over and over again as you practice. You will have periods where lower belts will tap you and you won’t be able to figure out why. Don’t celebrate a tap when you are training with classmates. If you are going to celebrate anyone’s tap, it should be when YOU get tapped. Encourage them, praise them, talk about what you both did right or wrong and learn to improve and they will do the same for you. BJJ isn’t about the submission, it’s about position and control. If you only care about the submission and not the best ways to set it up or prevent it, then you don’t really care about the martial art. <|endoftext|>
7197	4	Situation on a train. AITA or was the other guy to blame? Yesterday I went by train to another town, as I had an appointment. Now the train I knew was going to take a while and so I took a book with me. Now the book I'd chosen was *Na Drini Ćuprija*, a well known Serbian book. Even if you didn't know it was Serbian the Cyrillic writing on the front was prominent enough that someone would know that it wasn't English. Now the train was busy but I managed to find a seat in a corner and I just quietly got on with reading. Now a couple of seats down this man kept looking at me and muttering something I couldn't quite hear. My guess is that he saw the book and just assumed I was non-English speaking or something. After a while he became more vocal and I could hear stupid comments about how I 'should' be reading in English and how it was 'disgusting' that I was in public like I was. I proceeded to loom directly in his direction quite audibly call him a rather rude name in Serbian (budala, meaning fool or idiot). This was more to make him aware that I was hearing him than anythiing else, and he seemed to shut up. About 5min later he began chanting 'EDL, EDL' and making comments about how I.should be deported, as well as a number of comments like ''England's for English people only". By this point a lot of people on the train were getting irritated as they just wanted a peaceful trip. But no-one did anything. By this point I got ridiculously pissed because I just wanted to resd in peace. I got up out of my seat, went over to him and got right in his face. I was so pissed off however that I initially spoke to him in Serbian, telling him "da, govorim srpski jezik. Da li imate problem?!". (Yes, I speak Serbian. Do you have a problem?"). Then I shouted at him in English that he needed to keep his pathetic pea-brained opinions to himself among other things. Chances are that he didn't actually understand what I said to him initially, and I'm wondering if this, or my whole confrontation with him pushed me into asshole category. So I'm going to let reddit decide who was the asshole here?<|response|> He's the asshole; there's no question. He's wrong on every count: his thinking is bigoted; he was rude in public; he created an issue out of something that does not matter... (and I think he's part of an organized hate group, but I don't know recent English politics that well). So you win. But, it's worth pointing out that although you did nothing wrong in terms of book choice, he evidently got under your skin and made you join him in making the scene worse. You could have ignored him, or told him to mind his own business, or possibly changed train cars. Instead, you inexplicably swear at him in a foreign language, which sort of erodes your moral high ground and supports his asinine point-of-view. What purpose, other than trying to heighten the antagonization, could this serve? If you wanted to speak up for yourself, it should have been in the language everyone in the car was likely to share. Don't get me wrong. He's still the problem, but that doesn't give you a free pass for everything you do after he starts the problem. <|endoftext|>
164158	3	AITA for calling the police on a teenager who bumped a car while parking? I was putting groceries in my car at the store today when a car almost hit me and bumped into the car parked next to us. The driver was what looked like a 15yo girl with 2 kids under 10 in the backseat and another teen in the front. My husband got out of the car and asked if she was going to leave her information for the owner when they got back. She started screaming at us and swearing and saying she didn't hit the car. We called the store management to have someone come out and assist and then the police. An older man and woman showed up and started helping them. The woman was transferring them all to another car and took them away while the man stayed and said that she clearly didn't hit the car since there was no damage. (What seemed to be the car's alarm sensor was flashing the entire time.) The man left his information with the security guard and they left. The police showed up and another woman showed up with the man. They started explaining that their 18yo wasn't licensed and they told her she wasn't allowed to drive, but insisted that she didn't hit the car. They took our statements, the car's owner finally came out and thanked us for staying with her car, and the police let us go while they continued with the 2 car owners. It seemed kind of ridiculous for us to have called the police because she bumped the car in the parking lot, but if this happened to my car, I hope someone would do the same for me. Thoughts? Are we assholes for calling the police?<|response|> NTA, by involving the police you may have prevented her from getting into a serious accident while unlicensed in the future. <|endoftext|>
35887	5	WIBTA for making an online friend choose between me and her depressed friend? I am a 23 yo guy and I am a homebody. I play ALOT of video games on the PS4 so much so that I play everyday after work. I dont have alot of social interaction outside of work so I tend to make alot of meaningful connections online through communities and so on. I met this amazing girl over 7 months ago (We'll call her Frost) and we hit it off! We've become the best of friends! We game together everyday after work and have SO much fun. Recently, Frost introduced a new guy into the mix (we'll call him Buck) that is apparently her old "best friend" saying that Buck was going through depression and hard times and she really needed to be there for him. So of course! it wasn't an issue, I invited him to our games everytime he was online. The moment Buck would hop in party chats he would joke that he was depressed and was going to hurt himself. That he had guns loaded and ready to end it all, leaving Frost devastated. He would purposely alienate himself so that she had no choice but to stop playing with others and only join him. It's been very hard to fake a laugh or enjoy ourselves when the moment Buck joins the energy is literally sucked right out Its gotten so bad that I purposely hide offline so that I won't be invited to their group and have to hear it. This has continued for the past 2 months and I finally have had enough of it. I want to tell her I want nothing to do with Buck and I will no longer talk to her if she continues bringing him around but I'm afraid I'll lose her in the process. WIBTA?<|response|> YTA. For two reasons. 1. Strictly based on what you've said, from her perspective, you're going from 0 to I won't talk to you anymore if you don't do what I say. Have you even tried talking about your feelings regarding Buck with her first? An ultimatum is never a good way to start a conversation, certainly not when the person you're talking to hasn't done anything wrong. Even ignoring a moral opinion on it, you're introducing your problem as an attack rather than a conversation, which puts her in a defensive position. And holding your relationship hostage. If it's your backup plan, that's one thing, it shouldn't be your opening move. "Do X or I'm done with you" is terrible to hear from someone you care about. 2. Ending a friendship because you don't like their friend is just a dick thing to do period. Saying "I want nothing to do with Buck." is fine, you're not obligated to keep toxic people in your life, and you didn't even know him beforehand. But what part of not talking to him means you can't talk to her? It comes across like you just want to monopolize her time, and aren't cool with her spending time with him even if you're not there. This is, again, assuming you haven't talked about it at all with her first, as your post doesn't say you have. Now if you have tried cutting Buck out before, made that clear to her, and she just refuses to respect that and brings him into your chats anyway, it's a different story. <|endoftext|>
141265	1	AITA for asking out a girl I met a funeral? I attended my great great grandfather’s funeral a week ago and I met the most amazing girl, Sarah, who is one of his grand grand children as well. We liked the same movies, drinks, alcohol, political views, and about to study the same major in universities that are very close to each other. She’s also one of the most gorgeous girls I’ve ever met in my life. I felt kind of guilty by getting to know her so well at our great great grandfather’s funeral but she we just had so much in common it just happened. I got her contact and a few days later we go on our first day and my siblings and parents lost their shit saying it’s disrespectful to date someone I met at s funeral and I’m disrespecting my great great grandfather and bringing shame to the family. I really do like this girl and I find it ridiculous that I’m not allowed to date her because of these circumstances, am I really supposed to miss out on the love of my life because I happened to meet her in these circumstances? Also knowing my great great grandfather he wouldn’t give a shit, he told us to throw a party on the lake and toss his ashes into the lake instead of a boring ass funeral which nobody but me and a few others wanted to do. Edit: no this is not incest we are third cousins. This is legal. Franklyn Roosevelt married his second cousin<|response|> >I felt kind of guilty by getting to know her so well at our great great grandfather’s funeral She's your cousin bro <|endoftext|>
19467	2	AITA for cutting off my (25M) girlfriend (26F) of 6 years, causing her a mental breakdown on her birthday, because of a girl (23F) I’ve only known for several weeks? TLDR Broke w/ GF of 6 years, but we remained on good terms, started dating another one three days later and new gf said she won’t keep it going unless I cut off ex totally. Ex was devastated when I cut her off. The story happened 3 days b4 ex’s birthday and when on birthday her friend called me on whatsapp saying ex was having a breakdown and needed me to comfort her, I hung up and blocked that friend’s number. Gf made things worse by updating her IG and I let that slip too. AITA? When I went to college I started dating a girl from my study group and... well, it’d been a rocky relationship to say the least. I’ll elaborate in comments, if needed but for now I believe this info isn’t crucial for the story. End of year 6 and I meet the other girl. We went to the bar once, next day I went to business trip in which I decided to dump my gf for good which was long overdue and then take a shot with that girl. The day I come back I break up with ex and she handles this surprisingly well, not crying or screaming as I expected but wishing me good riddance. Three days later I date the new girl who seems perfect in every way. Anyway, since our breakup was amicable, I didn’t cut off my ex like I used to do. We kept texting and she would often call me to have a chat. I never planned to get back together because I was more than happy with my gf, but out of respect for the six years I kept helping her during her breakdowns, consoling ger when she was complaining about how she will never find another boyfriend and she wants to love like it’s her favourite song and I talked her through it. My gf knew I dated someone for 6 years and she knew I’m on good terms with my ex and I thought it was ok because she herself remained friends with her ex and it never made me jealous. She never knew the nature of our conversations with ex though. Last week I went out for snacks leaving gf alone at my apartment and when I came back she was unhappy to say the least. Turns out, I left my laptop open and she saw an incoming message from an ex with sonething like ‘I’m feeling blue again, let’s talk’. She dug through our message history and said that she thinks I’m still up to smthng w/ my ex because we speak very intimately. I said that theres nothing sexual/romantic going on between us but she didn’t believe and said she needed time think it over. Next day we met and she said she was really into me to the point that she surprises herself,<|response|> YTA because you're trying to have your cake and eat it too. You obviously can't have both of these women in your life, so if EITHER of them is important to you, choose one and cut the poor other girl loose. &#x200B; OR leave the both of them because they sound like insecure messes. <|endoftext|>
172378	4	AITA am I selfish? So here's some back story, my mom's a single parent of three kids and can only work two days a week, so money is pretty tight. And my sister and I's birthday fall on the same paycheck, but hers is first and she got to go to a concert and have dinner. And then a couple days later my mom tells me I might not be able to go the an aquarium (which is what I wanted to do) and it might have wait till the next week. But I really wanted to do it on my birthday (especially since my 16th birthday was around my sister's schedule) and I got upset, but I didn't blame my mom or anything, I was just sad. Now it's the day before my 17th birthday and my sister said she will help but my mom will still have to pay her back. My grandmother is now I a bad mood because I was sad about not going. Am I selfish for wanting it on my birthday or should I have just waited till the next week?<|response|> NAH. You’re not an asshole for feeling down and did your best to not make a big deal about postponing the aquarium. Your Mom is also not an asshole for feeling guilty about having to make a choice between two daughters when money was tight. Your sister isn’t an asshole for offering to lend the money but needing it back, money is tight for everyone, grandma sounds nosey but that’s normal grandma not asshole. Try to put this stuff behind you now so you can have fun at the aquarium when you do go. <|endoftext|>
27743	3	AITA for not wanting to buy/have unhealthy food in my house for my girlfriend? I have recently been on a bit of a health kick, and as a result have been eating much healthier and trying not to buy unhealthy foods. My girlfriend (who does not live with me) asked me to pick up some doritos and various unhealthy snacks whilst I was buying ingredients for our dinner. I said I didn't want to buy them because I don't want the temptation of having them in my house. She is accusing me of being controlling and forcing my lifestyle choice on to her. AITA?<|response|> NTA Its your house and you don't live together. She's free to eat whatever she wants, but you get to decide what food you keep in your house. You are being the exact opposite of controlling and forcing your lifestyle on her. <|endoftext|>
102704	4	AITA for rigging a raffle at work? I'm a supervisor at my job with a very strong union. Because of this we have attendance issues with many employees so to help with this, we have raffles on days that have historically low attendance such as the day before or after a holiday. We give everyone who came to work on time a ticket and our safety supervisor will draw 1 to determine he winner. This particular days prize was a bike with the company logo on it. Well I happened to walk in when she was drawing (she does it kind of privately) and I saw who the winner was. Well this particular gentleman has horrible attendance. Don't get me wrong, he is someone I would consider a friend so it's not like I have a grudge or anything but there are plenty of other hard working employees who deserve it more. So I told her that and I said don't pick him just pick someone else. So we had a little talk about who to pick and I couldn't think of anyone so I just redrew from the box and the next person was actually a great employee who didn't have a car and walked to work everyday. So my question is AITA here? I feel like I did the right thing and put the bike in the hands of someone who actually needed it and deserved it but I had to do it in a sneaky slimey way.<|response|> Yes you are, and I think you know you are. He won fair and square, and you took that away from him. As well, it's not for you to decide if someone "deserves" to win a raffle. The fact that it would be unfair or unjust to the people who actually could use the bike just tells me that a raffle is just a bad way to solve the problem you guys are facing. Don't bullshit your workers. Make a new system to reward being consistently on time. If you don't, you just end up with unfair scenarios like this one. <|endoftext|>
44896	2	WIBTA if I tell my girlfriend she needs to bring her own food to my house and pay for the food she has eaten? I want to start off by saying I love my girlfriend and I’m scared that if I give her this rule or expectation it will make her feel unwelcome at my home. We have been dating for awhile now and she’s always been courteous in asking to eat or use my stuff, she doesn’t eat much so I always gave her the okay. After she had spent a week at my place I told her she doesn’t have to ask me to eat my food on day 3 since she would always ask before she ate, she doesn’t eat much since she’s smaller but I didn’t take into account that a handful of granola, a bowl of yogurt, and a banana every day would stack up after awhile. She left my place after the stay and now every time she comes and stays for a period of time she eats my food. I feel bad for wanting her to start buying her own groceries to keep at my place since she consistently takes me out for food, buys me clothes, contributes to groceries when we cook, and keeps my weed supply full. I can’t comfortably afford to be feeding one and a half me’s so often though since she’s here at minimum 2 days a week. She has brought up in the past the fact that she feels I don’t take her out enough but we have a quiet understanding that she makes more than me since she works 5-6 days a week and I work 3 (not by my choice). I feel like she contributes a lot monetarily to the relationship and in terms makes her feel like she contributes more emotionally in the relationship because she’s always making sure I’m taken care of and comfortable. I don’t know if I should just suck it up because she’s not taking much from me and if I’d be wrong or an asshole to expect someone who gives so much to give me more. WIBTA? Edit2: to answer some repeated questions: I made this as a throwaway account. The account name is based off a pretty popular band (Joyce Manor) I like so, I didn’t think she would realize it was me. I’m 26 and she’s 20. Her name is not Joyce. I don’t think she’ll come on here to give her side of the story. Tl;dr: I am the asshole.<|response|> YTA, good way to be single...quickly. <|endoftext|>
37097	3	AITA not telling husband I know he’s gay I’ve known my husband is gay for several years now. At the very least he’s a gay-leaning bi-man. Our sex life has deteriorated consistently over the course of our marriage, and a few years ago I found his stash of gay porn on his work laptop (wasn’t snooping, it as on accident). The thing is, I actually enjoy my marriage. My husband is kind and considerate. We have three beautiful kids (9, 12, 14). He makes a lot of money and takes care of us well, while I am a home maker and enjoy taking care of him. So I’ve just kept quiet and let him keep it to himself. I don’t want to bring up in case he decides to leave or it implodes the family. I don’t want my kids to have to go through that, at least until they’re older. So I’ve just kept quiet and let my husband stay in the closet, enjoying the fantasy/porn in his private time. AITA?<|response|> NAH. But I’d be on the lookout for hints he wants to confide in you and be ready to be supportive. Sounds like a pretty earth shaking secret for him. <|endoftext|>
132229	4	AITA for making someone feel bad for having an obscenely expensive diamond ring. So I realize I’m probably the asshole here. Looking for unbiased responses. I work in marketing and in my department there are 3-4 women who either have ridiculously wealthy families or have married very wealthy men (our jobs are not that high paying themselves). They talk a lot about expensive things like clothes, shoes, vacations etc. It can get annoying because they very obviously look down on some of our lifestyles. Last Friday one girl came in with a HUGE diamond ring. It was honestly kinda tacky in my opinion but I didn’t say anything. Someone asked her how much it was and she said it was 45k!!! I was speechless honestly, but she married this private equity guy who could afford it I guess. Later in the day I was chatting with some other coworkers and I said that I feel like wearing a 45k ring while people in this world are dying of poverty means you’re objectively a bad, morally empty person. I didn’t say it to her directly, but several people were nearby. The people I was talking to all agreed and said it was excessive and not classy at all. Last night I got a text from my boss saying that word has been spreading that I’m “bullying” this girl and we need to have a chat sometime this week. I’m not sure how casual talk like that can count as bullying but I can see where I maybe went overboard. Now I’m not sure if I should defend myself or just admit fault and apologize when the meeting comes. AITA?<|response|> YTA. Did it make you feel better to say such nasty things about her behind her back? And yes, it is a bullying behaviour. How expensive a ring is OK? $1k? $10k? You have no idea either if she or her husband use their wealth to help people or not. No clue. Do you own anything that costs more than the cheapest but still effective version? Do you own any brand name things that have off-brand equivalents that are as good? Where's the line? <|endoftext|>
188851	3	AITA for arguing with my Bff about her *very bad* Obsession with Ted Bundy? So, I have this friend that we'll call K. K loves learning about serial killers, which(at least to me) is pretty normal. Recently, she's been saying that ted bundy (Tb) is her soulmate. She calls him Teddybear, and other weird nicknames. She posts stuff about him on insta, and we try to tell her that he isnt her soulmate, etc. she wants to dig up his body and take the skeleton. Today, she told me that Tb talks to her in her sleep. That he says that he loves her, that they're soulmates or whatever. Me and our friend group (other close friends) are really concerned for her. We've gotten into an argument about how Tb is not her soulmate, how she needs help and needs to stop this, etc. I wouldn't be concerned if it was just a small crush or whatever, but this is an obsession and I'm worried for her mental health. So reddit, AITA? EDIT: We're all 14, and she does have mental health problems (Bipolar, maybe PTSD), which I think is one of the things that caused this. Her mother does know (no dad) and I dont yell, or judge her. She thinks this is normal, but everyone who knows is concerned for her.<|response|> NTA You're right, this isn't normal. It's good that your friends are concerned about her. I would warn an adult! <|endoftext|>
84887	2	AITA for encouraging my brother to end his relationship with his girlfriend? First, I’d just like to say I know you’re not supposed to post anything relationship-based, but I don’t know if what I said was right for me to do. My brother had been in a relationship with his girlfriend for about 1 year, and in the beginning, they seemed almost inseparable. They’d talk all the time on the phone, they’d send gifts to each-other, constantly go on dates, the whole 9 yards. But as time progressed, their relationship would get more rocky. They’d get into fights more often, and they seemed to be drifting away from each-other. He was trying his best to keep the relationship alive, but from what I’ve seen, she put no effort into the relationship. To me, it seemed like a give-take relationship, with him being the giver. The past few months have been terrible for him. She started to get flirty with other guys, she ignored him intentionally, and she even confessed to him that she had feelings for another guy. One day, he said that he would apologize to her, but he knew full well he shouldn’t have been apologizing, and me and his friends agreed. He later mentioned that a bunch of his friends and even the mother and sister of the girlfriend suggested to him that he should break up. I told him I agreed with him, and I asked “what was the last thing she’s done for you?”, and there was one long pause. I later told him that I’m not suggesting it, but if I were him, I would. Today, he finally broke up with her, and apparently when he left, she started laughing. Later when he came home, i tried to be supportive, but then he lashed out at me, which I understand. I can’t help but feel like I was the final push to end that relationship. I know it was a toxic one, but I still feel conflicted.<|response|> NTA From the information. Sounds like a good push to the end <|endoftext|>
116105	2	WIBTA if i told my new roommates that I want a poster in the bathroom taken down? I'm about to move to a new apartment in student accommodation and when I went there to have a first look at the place and bring some stuff before the real move, I noticed a couple of things that rubbed me the wrong way. &#x200B; So firstly and most importantly, as I had a look at the bathroom, I saw a poster that at first I thought was just some surfer poster, but then realized that while the woman on it has a top on, it's not covering any of her genitals. Then I realized that it's some playboy poster, and that is certainly not something that I'd enjoy looking at every time I go for a shower or to the toilet. &#x200B; Also I realized that the kitchen was pretty damn untidy. As in everything full of crumbs and dishes and the like. I'd be fine with a couple of plates lying around, but I would want the table to be somewhat clean and to have space to cook and clean my own stuff. &#x200B; So would I be the asshole if I told my new roommates that I want the poster down and the kitchen to be in a better shape as the first thing I say when meeting them? I don't want to botch the first impression, but these things do bug me quite a bit.<|response|> NAH but you’re going to be miserable there <|endoftext|>
29	4	AITA for not being appreciative enough of the help I was given? Recently I spent a good amount of time traveling around New Zealand. I had a tiny budget, so I was getting around by hitch hiking and sleeping in my tent most nights. One afternoon I was picked up by a friendly older Kiwi. It turned out his business is consulting for struggling hostels, so he very frequently meets travelers like me and picks up hitch hikers. He has traveled the country dozens of times. On the way to my destination he went out of his way to take me to some cool thermal pools and pretty sights. It was great, because I likely would have just passed straight by them if anybody else had picked me up. He was going on a speaking tour over the next week. Shortly before arriving at my destination he said, "It's too bad your not going to this other way with me next instead. I could show you this spot and that. And I could get you free accomodation in these towns." Since he had been so friendly, and because I wanted to be open to fun new experiences and people, I decided spur of the moment to change my plan and keep traveling with him instead. I stay in his hotel room with him that night. He got us both dinner with the food budget he had from his employer. He then suggested we buy some alcohol, and asks if I don't mind paying since he got dinner. I had planned on giving up drinking at this point in my trip to save money, but I was happy to since he was being so nice and helpful to me. I bought a couple bottles of wine that got polished off pretty fast. And he ended up sharing a lot of whiskey that he had brought, so he was definitely giving back more than he was asking. We probably stayed up till 2 in the morning drinking, and had some great conversation. The next day we move on to the next city, and basically repeat the night before. I buy a couple bottles of wine, and he very insistently makes me take a couple whiskey shots. At this point his personality is really starting to grate on me, but I figure it would be rude to leave early when he is expecting me to keep traveling with him for a couple more days. Day 3, while we're driving he straight up calls me out for not being appreciative enough of him. In particular, he said that I should be making more of an effort to buy food or drinks. He was mad at me that he had to ask me to buy the wine, and that I wasn't pushing to do so myself. His reasoning is that I should be spending whatever money I am saving by not staying in a hostel on things that we can enjoy. He frequently hosts couch surfers, and says that is standard practice when somebody provides you with<|response|> I'm a kiwi and I'm even confused by his behaviour so I don't think it's a cultural misunderstanding. I maybe way off but sounds to me he was trying to hit on you - sharing a hotel room with a hitchhiker he barely knew doesn't sound quite right, especially as he had the means to get free or very cheap accommodation. I think his annoyance with you stemmed from you not reacting to his advances. <|endoftext|>
14033	2	AITA if I sent my daughters food back? Earlier at lunch my daughter got shrimp tacos expecting standard tortilla lettuce and shrimp but it had shredded cabbage and cottage cheese or something and I thought about sending it back for the simpler version she wanted. I didn't because I didn't in case that an asshole move but it go me wondering<|response|> Eh, I’d just ask what’s in the food before you order next time. <|endoftext|>
73600	4	AITA for sending a coworkers acting reel around behind her back? We have a relatively new coworker who was a bit aloof (didn’t usually go out with the rest of us after work, kept to herself at her desk during the day) and no one could really tell much about her. She was perfectly pleasant, like making small talk and everything. And she did her job fine. But it was like she thought she was better than us almost, coming in and keeping to herself and then going straight home. I was curious what her deal was so googled her one night and found an acting reel and website promoting her career as an aspiring actress. It wasn’t Oscar quality but it wasn’t terrible, I thought it was cute and kind of funny. So I sent it to another coworker who apparently sent it to a few people he knows at the office. Anyways today my boss called me in and said this coworker felt bullied and they’d traced the origin of the video back to me. I said if she didn’t want people to see it, why did she post it online? But she wasn’t harming anyone and now seems really uncomfortable around the rest of us so I’m worrying I was an asshole for sending it. I didn’t think at the time “this is definitely something she doesn’t want us to see” but realize now it probably would’ve been the prudent thing to raise it in discussion with her instead of forwarding it around. But she posted it publicly online. AITA?<|response|> YTA. Private life is private for a reason. Unless she brought it up and talked to you about it at work, it's off limits. Judging by your "like she thought she was better than us", comment, I suspect you have some jealousy issues with this woman. Maybe you looked her up online to try and help validate those feelings. Whatever your reasoning, you basically stalked her to find out info that wasn't any of your business. <|endoftext|>
117376	2	AITA for going through my boyfriend’s phone if I found something? My boyfriend and I have been dating for four months. We get along great, but there’s one thing that has always bothered me. He often brings up his ex-girlfriend in conversation and at strange times. It makes me uneasy and suspicious that he might still have feelings for her or be actively talking to her (something that I did upfront ask him about and was met with reassurance that I was the only one). The other night, he was sound asleep next to his phone. I’ve seen him put in his password a million times, so I knew what it was. It was so easy to just pick up the phone and have a look. I had to know if there was something going on. I found messages to his ex, telling her that her photos were making him “thirsty,” and that he missed her and wanted to meet up with her. I also found messages to his friend, claiming that he has “like 3 girlfriends.” I’m so shocked and hurt by these messages, but I know that I have no moral high ground, considering I chose to invade his privacy by searching his phone. I have no idea how to bring this up to him without admitting that I’ve also done something awful and wrong. Am I the asshole for snooping? Or was I justified in following my intuition that something was wrong? EDIT: also if anyone has any advice about how to handle this sort of thing, please lmk. Feeling awful and guilty for doing something I believe is very wrong and would never want done to myself, and feeling equally as awful about his dishonesty.<|response|> ESH you for snooping him for cheating <|endoftext|>
103327	2	AITA for wanting my girlfriend to get a job? We have been dating for nearly 4 years. We are both in high school (senior year) and she has never had a job, all of our friends have a job and she will be going to college for a bio degree. Her parents have money and are paying for her college so she isn't required to get a job. I feel it's important to have a job before college so you can have work experience of some kind. This isn't about me being "upset" about paying for things, I don't care about the money more so about her being good and ready to take on the world and have experience before she graduates college and her future employer will be like "You're almost 30 and have never had a job?"<|response|> You are in high school. This is between her and her parents. Not you. Yes, you are the asshole. Mind your own business. Not like you will still be dating after her first year away at college anyways. <|endoftext|>
149398	3	WIBTA if I told my ex’s parents that she’s engaged My ex and I have a 2 year old daughter together. We were 18 when we had her. We were living with her parents up until 4 months ago, I moved out because we broke up. She still lives with her parents and our daughter. I recently found out through Snapchat that she’s engaged to a guy she’s been dating for 2 months. I texted her about it because I honestly thought it must be a joke. She said it wasn’t a joke but to not tell her parents. A week went by and I asked if she told them yet and she said no. WIBTA if I went ahead and told them? I’m seriously questioning my ex’s judgement regarding our daughter and I feel like her parents need to be in the know. I want them to be aware that this man will potentially be around my daughter who they are helping raise. I know they have her best interest at heart and will protect her. I can’t say the same for my ex right now. They do so much for us and keeping this from them feels wrong to me.<|response|> YWBTA. Stay out of it and mind your own damn business. If you're concerned about knowing anyone who will be around your daughter, get to know him yourself. <|endoftext|>
17900	3	AITA for not emotionally supporting my boyfriend when he’s upset about continuing school? On mobile so apologies in advance [disclaimer: I’m in no way looking for validation that I did the right thing, but honestly trying to see if I’m the asshole in this scenario] Me and my boyfriend have been dating for going on three years. We met freshman year and are now seniors in highschool (both 18 if that’s relevant) and only have 4 months left until graduation. The dilemma at hand is that he’s done with highschool. He’s ready to graduate(obviously just like the rest of us) and believes the last four months of high school are absolutely pointless. Well I totally agree that the rest of high school is definitely pointless and this is all basically busywork, it’s somehow really taking a toll on him. Almost every day(for the last 3 months) he complains incessantly that he doesn’t want to be here and is generally pretty unpleasant person to be around. Today I kind of lost my patience when he was being very short with me because he didn’t want to go to class, and was doing you and leave me and kind of a dick. The conversation went like this . Me-“You just bed to look at it in a positive way, we’re almost out, and then we’ll be off to [state college] Him-“whatever it doesn’t matter I don’t want to fucking be here” And most of the conversation was him being honestly pretty rude and short with me. It ended with Me-“honestly [boyfriend] you just kind of need to get over it. It’s 4 months and we’re home free. And you’re the only one in control of how you feel and how you’re acting” Him-“we just think differently, no matter what I do I’ll always be mad that I’m here and nothing can change that” We got out of the car without a kiss goodbye(1st sign he’s mad) and without much of a goodbye. Later he texted saying I should just support him when he’s going through stuff like this. Problem is, he’s honestly just an overall dick when he’s mad about it, and I’m kinda over being treated poorly when he’s mad. I want to be there for him during all the ups and downs of life, but this feels more like me taking punches. So the question is, am I the asshole for not supporting him and just letting him be mad?<|response|> He seems like a child, if doesn't want to be there then don't be there. If he has to be there STFU and deal with it without being a baby. Lots of people don't get the opportunity of a eduction. You are not the NTA here. <|endoftext|>
126753	3	AITA if I ask the guy in the dorm next to me to use some goddamn headphones? Hi. I’m in college. Our dorms have very thin walls, I can hear every word my neighbor says as clearly as if he were standing next to me. My neighbor plays video games and watches YouTube videos all day without headphones, and usually is on Xbox live or whatever (I don’t know video game lingo, but he’s playing video games and talking - well, usually yelling - to his friends) until around 2 or 3am every night. I wear earplugs when I’m in my dorm now but it still isn’t enough to block out the soundtrack to his games or his talking. If I politely ask him to maybe sometimes use headphones when he watches videos or plays games, and maybe try not to talk so loudly late at night, would I be overstepping my bounds? I haven’t gotten a good nights sleep all semester, and I get migraines sometimes which are not helped by hearing the freakin kingdom hearts soundtrack blasting through the wall for 6 hours a day. I can’t even do homework in my room because it’s impossible to focus with so much noise. It’s genuinely constant, nonstop noise. AITA if I ask him to stop? I know it’s not my place to tell him what he does in his own room, but it’s not like putting on headphones will make his life any worse, and it’ll make my life so so much better. Edit: I just knocked on his door and explained who I am and that the noise has been an issue all semester, and that our dorms quiet hours start at 11pm and I was willing to get an RA involved if it came to that. So fingers crossed I can get some quiet now for once in my life.<|response|> NTA. Your dorm almost certainly has rules regarding noise late at night, and it sounds like he’s not following them. He is your neighbor though, so make sure to talk about it and communicate like adults. You can’t ask him to use headphones during the day, because it’s his space too. Just be super straightforward and nice with him about it. <|endoftext|>
150480	4	AITA for not paying more rent despite making more money? I'm living with 3 other roommates in a 4 bedroom house. The rent is $350 a month with split utilities (25 to 45 bucks a month usually). Recently, they found out that I make $1200 per week and are all furious at me. They're living here because 350 a month is what they can afford, but I'm living here to save up money for a house. They've demanded that I pay more rent because I make double to triple what they make weekly, but I don't think that's relevant. The rent was advertised at $350 + split utilities and that's all I feel like I should be paying. I'm now given the silent treatment and being in the house isn't fun anymore because they all hate me.<|response|> NTA. Rent isn't split by how much everyone makes, unless that's the agreement you make. It should be divided evenly, unless there's some advantage one person is getting over the others <|endoftext|>
7740	4	AITA for comparing my boyfriend to my friend's SOs? I probably am. Here's some back story: Something recently came up where I realized I was really upset by a statement my bf made. It was along the lines of: "although I do like pleasuring you, it is a bonus. I'm primarily motivated to have intercourse to meet my own needs and self pleasure. It can be mentally stimulating, but generally I can't get turned on by doing so. Foreplay is more or less a chore since I initiate everything, anyway." So I tried to bring this up the other night, and I know that it probably wasn't the kindest way to put it, I just wanted to be honest because I realized that in a sense, it scarred me. I lead with, "I didn't realize how much *statement* bothered me until I realized that I'm sometimes more put off and feel less inclined to do anything to pleasure you, I'm sorry." To which the first words that came out of his mouth are: "I don't know what you want me to say." He did at a point claim that there is no guy in the world that thought differently, which I then started to compare him. I explained that the only reason why I'm comparing him with my friends is the fact that I wanted him to understand where I'm coming from, and why it's not ridiculous for me to expect something different because my friends have told me otherwise. I said, "That's definitely not true, my friends Bob and Nick told me that they actually get physically turned on by being able to please their SO. It exists." And before he stormed out, he said "Well shit, I'm so sorry I'm so shitty to you." I really care about him and honestly don't know how to communicate this in an any more effective or nicer approach, so any tips would be greatly appreciated. Although I know this isn't an advice forum... thanks!<|response|> He's the asshole. Not for telling you how he feels, though. People are all very diverse.. I suppose my advice to you would be to accept that he views your sexual pleasure as a chore (which would be difficult to accept, for me), or leave him. You can't change how he feels.. He's the asshole in this situation, though, because he didn't acknowledge *your* feelings. He played a victim and stormed out when you were trying to communicate about something that hurt you. My advice for him (if he's taking any..) would be this: When someone explains something made them feel bad, try and understand their point of view and empathize with them. Have open ears and open arms; try and reach a comfortable understanding on both ends. And yeah, comparing him to others isn't the best explanation, but he was being pretty ridiculous speaking on behalf of all men. <|endoftext|>
22054	3	AITA for breaking up with my boyfriend after getting a good job? I’m 29 and my now ex boyfriend, Justin is 20. We had been dating for a little over a year. I’m to lack of a better word piss poor and to make a living I had been taking odd jobs here and there. One of those jobs was cleaning apartments. The area I live in is becoming gentrified so you have low income apartment dwellers like me next to to upper class people like Justin living in luxury condos just couple miles away. I met Justin as I got hired to clean his apartment. Justin has Aspergers and was a awkward at first, but he’s a sweetheart you know. We got to know each other pretty well, he was funny and attractive and before you know it I took his virginity and we started having sex. I was going to tell him its strictly casual, but he started to like me a lot and he would buy me groceries, new clothes like a really nice winter coat, and I had even moved in with him out of my crumbling apartment building. I had lost my job with the apartment cleaning company as well and had to get a lower paying one so Justin was kind of my meal ticket. Don’t get me wrong Justin’s nice, he’s attractive, and he’s good in bed, but I just don’t love him like he does. He’s just young and too emotionally immature. Recently though I got offered and took a really good job at another cleaning company that paid really well. I’ve built up a hefty amount savings because I didn’t have many expenses with Justin. I broke up with him a week ago and he’s devastated, I tried to console him and tell him he’d find another girl, but he wouldn’t hear it. I told him we could still be like friends with benefits, but that just made him angry. I moved out and into a new apartment, but I still kind of feel bad about Justin. Am I the asshole?<|response|> YTA You used someone with a mental handicap for money. You're the worst of the worst. Nothing else needs to be said here. No one is going to think you're not one of the most terrible people that's ever posted here. <|endoftext|>
189271	1	AITA for explaining to my brother why I don't want kids My (M22) brother (m31) and I haven't really seen eye to eye much but I do my best to keep the peace when we see each other at family get togethers, which happen only about four or five times a year. At Christmas everyone came to my parents house for dinner and my brother invited me to his house for a couple of weeks in the summer. He's asked me this before and I told him the same answer "no thanks but I don't want to be in a house with kids running around". He and his wife have two children who are about 5 and 7 and they're noisy, rude, invasive of personal space and generally don't leave you alone when you want time to switch off. But I would never say that to him. Anyway, my brother had a few drinks and demanded that I tell him "why don't you want to come? The kids love you and it's not like you'll be expected to babysit them or anything. They just want to see their uncle more". Just generally trying to manipulate and emotional response from me. His wife, who I DO NOT get on with since the first of their kids was born, asked me in private later on if I planned on ever having kids myself. I think she could tell that I didn't and wanted me to confirm it, so I told her plain and simply that I do not like kids whatsoever and they're not in my plan. So, late when everyone is heading home, and after my brother has been giving me the cold shoulder for s couple of hours, he curtly asked why I didn't want kids. I lost it and told him that just because he spilled into his wife doesn't mean that I'm going to do the same and have two little shits running around causing problems for everyone else. I suppose I was a little offensive but they had to keep pushing, when they should have read the room at any point that day and noticed that their kids were ruining the party for everyone. So Reddit, AITA? Maybe my choice of words was a little off but I feel justified to just tell them like it is.<|response|> YTA - It's fine for you not to want kids, but you don't need to be a dick about it. <|endoftext|>
100799	2	AITA? New housemate sucks I live in a large shared house. there are 5 individual bedrooms and we each are responsible for our own costs to the landlord. Recently a new woman moved in who is unemployed but will have school income next month. She's been here about 3 weeks. When she first moved in, I was sharing my cigarettes with her because I know how it feels to be addicted to nicotine and broke, however in these three weeks it has become EVERY time I go outside to smoke (no smoking inside) she follows me out and asks for a cigarette, or 420 or whatever I have. On my days off I enjoy a few cocktails and she has begun asking for a shot or two of my liquor. We also do not have a working stove or oven, so every meal is take out or delivery. She asks for a portion of my food, pizza or whatever I order. I did not know this woman prior to her moving in. I feel like I am an asshole for not wanting to share with her, but I barely make enough working 60 hours a week to support myself. I've been broke, unemployed and hungry before myself, so I hate to be mean...but I can't do it anymore!! Am I the asshole??<|response|> NTA. Sharing the occasional cigarette or some liquor is the nice thing to do but this women is taking it way too far. You need to end that ASAP before it becomes more of a problem. <|endoftext|>
3641	5	AITA for not voicing my opinions earlier? So in one of my tight friend groups, they always call me slurs (fag, dyke etc) as a joke, and I knew this. Regardless I would always get hurt but would never really voice my opinion because when they get called the same slurs (they're gay too) they don't really get offended at all, so I thought it was just a me-issue. They would also constantly make fun of me, also as a joke, but sometimes they would take it too far and I would just get hurt again and never say anything about it. A week ago, I came to my breaking point. I told them about how them saying that stuff to me has been hurting me and that I don't wanna be a part of the group anymore. I left all the group chats and tried to cut them off entirely. We went from speaking constantly to maybe talking to a few people in the group maybe twice since that happened. They've been nicer to me since the situation but regardless I feel like I just fucked everything up, and if I did join the group again that it just wouldn't be the same for me. I now know I should've said something earlier, and they couldn't have really known that I took what they said personally. So am I the asshole in this situation? Should I try to make up with them, and if so, how?<|response|> So this is interesting because I don’t believe anyone is an asshole here. People love brutal and offensive humor, and they used it on you. You showed that you were okay with it on the outside, so they continued and pushed the boundary. That’s not always an asshole move and it doesn’t seem like it was this time. I believe they were just trying to be brutal and offensive. Totally normal and common. But in this situation you went from 0 to 100 instantly. You never talked to them about it. You never brought it up. You never gave them a chance to change their behavior. You went from fully accepting their offensiveness to blocking and ignoring them. I get it, from your perspective you were really hurt and you wanted to avoid being hurt further. Safety first and mental safety is important. But I don’t think it was a good way to handle it. You should give them a chance. They are clearly willing to change their treatment towards you. How can someone know that you’re not okay with something if you laugh with them and support the offensive humor? Blocking them, from their perspective, just makes you seem like someone who betrayed them. And that might not go well from their end. Are you an asshole? No. Can you seem like an asshole from their perspective? Absolutely. Are they assholes from your perspective? Yes indeed. Try to avoid being overly focused on your own perspective and put yourself in their shoes. <|endoftext|>
29538	3	AITA for suggesting to my boyfriend he not give his parents money every time they ask him for some? So, a little background; my(F23) boyfriend (M30) is a wonderful person. He is kind and caring but honestly, he can be a little bit of a pushover when it comes to his parents(especially when it comes to them). I know this will sound mean of me, but they aren’t exactly the best people either. His dad is a “recovering” gambling addict (I use that term loosely because I don’t think he’s gotten over that issue) and his mom is emotionally and mentally manipulative(not just to him, but to his other brothers too- though she only asks my BF for money). Anyway, they’ll always ask the BF for money constantly. Sometimes it’s not too much, just to help them get along. He is well off and isn’t struggling that much(yet). Be aware though, they have jobs, they make enough money to pay for their own things, they just have no hold whatsoever on their spending habits. Most recently, however, they had asked him for $2000. 2000 FUCKING DOLLARS! This was AFTER he’d already given them 1/4 of that already. Then they had the audacity to ask him for MORE. The thing that irks me the most is that they don’t seem to understand he has his OWN life, his OWN bills, his OWN mortgage, he needs to buy food to feed himself and have money to pay for his OWN insurance and what not. I get the whole “taking care of your parents in their old age thing” but there becomes a point where it crosses the line from “taking care of” to “enabling” and I’m pretty sure that’s exactly whats going on. They KNOW he won’t say no, he’s an amazing son IMO, and tbh they’re really not good parents. He is like a bank to them now, not their son. It fucking breaks my heart to see him go through this constantly with them. I know he’s not going to say no to them, especially not to his mother, he cares about her so much (granted he does complain about how much she asks of him). I keep telling him not to do it, to stop giving them so much money. It’s NOT his fault they can’t properly save and spend money. He shouldn’t feel as if he has to practically provide for these assholes while they use their own money for god only knows what. He’s a bank to them, like I said before, that’s all he is. Am I the asshole? EDIT; Thank you to everyone who has responded so far! It has been really nice to hear what you all think and the advice you all have given me. I know this is a delicate situation, so everything you guys have said has been really helpful. I hope I can at least have an adult conversation with him about this and maybe get more of his POV on things. Really, I just hate to see him go through this.<|response|> NTA but be careful how you bring this up. You need to frame this in such a way that he realizes he's being taken advantage of. <|endoftext|>
138447	3	WIBTA for giving a baby up for adoption/having an abortion without the father knowing? Hi everyone, sorry for this. I’m currently pregnant after a very dumb ONS. We did use protection, but I still ended up pregnant. Please don’t hate me for this, but I’m really not ready to be a mother. I’m begin 20s, still in college and have a part-time job which is definitely not enough to support a family. Part from that there’s also personal reasons. Because of this I decided to give this baby up for adoption or having an abortion is the better option. I would prefer abortion... Here’s the problem. I haven’t told the father, someone I know from HS, that I’m pregnant even. And if he finds out, I want to tell him it’s not his. (We did use protection and he doesn’t know he’s the only one I had sex with recently.) I feel awful about it, but if he found out about it I know he’d try to convince me to keep it, as it’s one of his firm beliefs that a child should stay with its parents and especially mother. He has a very strong personality and opinions on things, while I really am not the most assertive person so have trouble standing my ground against him. I also really don’t want to create a situation where he raises the baby alone, as he’s at the moment also not fit to do so I think. He doesn’t work, has a lot of issues he has to work on, etc. WIBTA for having an abortion/giving a baby for adoption without the father knowing? Edit: I realise now I shouldn’t have put adoption and abortion in the same question as they are so different. Sorry everyone. Personally I would prefer abortion. The reason I’m doubting is because the father is very much against it (murder, etc.) And I feel guilty, even if he doesn’t know. Don’t really know how to explain it. But ofcourse adoption without him knowing doesn’t make it better, I realise now. On the contrary even. Edit #2: This blew up in a way I didn’t expect, sorry guys. And thank you for taking the time to reply. Few things I would like to say if that’s okay. Please don’t send me private messages about not having an abortion... My question really was about whether or not to tell him, not whether to choose abortion or adoption. I’m sorry. I know you mean well. Also some people asked why I’m so sure he’d be unfit as a father. Ofcourse I can’t be sure I guess... Just I know of issues he’s dealing with right now (which I will not share as I feel it’s not my place). But I realise I don’t know how he would change IF I choose to carry the baby to term. Abortion will still be my first choice though.. Thank you all. Sorry if I offended anyone with this message.<|response|> Abortion - NAH Adoption - YTA - That's his child. You'd be an absolutely despicable person to not tell him it exists. He gets to be a part of that decision. <|endoftext|>
17351	3	AITA for yelling at my housekeeper? I have always been so kind to my housekeeper - who helps clean the house and prepare dinner for my parents. I come home almost every weekend to see my parents or even just to have one dinner with them. So as my housekeeper was preparing tonight’s dinner, I was combing my dog’s hair, squatting on the floor near the dinner table. My housekeeper said “don’t comb here, it’s too close to the food” and grabbed me off the floor as she was saying this, and pushed me to the other side. I was astonished that she would push me like that. I asked my sister if I should say anything but my sister just said she’s always been rude and that’s just how she is. So I go on to eat dinner, and my parents come home around this time with 2 guests: my moms friend who we haven’t seen in 5 years and my grandma who just flew in yesterday. My dog ate half a cup of dog food - she hadn’t eaten all day until we were finally home since she only likes eating when people are around. I realized a bit later she had finished the half so I go to put another half cup of dog food in her bowl. Housekeeper: Don’t give her anymore food. She already ate. Me: I only gave her 1/2 a bowl more because she hasn’t eaten all day. Housekeeper: Your dog is so fat. Stop feeding her so much. (** my dog is not fat at all, she is healthy and on a regular normal diet) At this point, I just exploded and yelled “DON’T TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY DOG. SHE’S MY DOG NOT YOURS” And everyone went silent and was shocked as I never really raise my voice at anyone. My mom said “Calm down, why are you so mad?” I responded, “She (housekeeper) pushed me” and left the room. I heard my mom ask her “did you push her?” And my housekeeper said no. My sister said I could have handled things differently and not in front of everyone. Think I just exploded in the moment but I feel bad now. AITA?<|response|> ESH. Your house keeper was right to be worried about dog hair in the food, but should NEVER have put hands on you. You shouldn't have exploded like you did; there's far better ways to handle the situation. <|endoftext|>
156648	4	AITA for not wanting the leave the house unlocked for my key-less roommate? In July I moved into a house with two roommates. This is my first time with random roommates or really roommates in general (not counting previous partners) so I'm uncertain on roommate etiquette. Sorry if this is a bit all over the place but I'm pretty irritated with the situation at the moment. &#x200B; So, there is me, roommate 1(A), and roommate 2(B). A lived in the house previously while B and I just moved in when this year's lease began in July. When B and I moved in there were only two house keys so A gave them to us. Our landlord is supposed to bring the 3rd key and the fire extinguisher but has yet to. So, we have been leaving the back door unlocked for A in the meantime. There have only been a few instances when A has been locked out because of miscommunication or just us instinctively locking the door. Obviously A gets very irritated by this which I understand. However, A can go the the leasing office and get the key herself (\~15 minute drive and she has a car). A even admitted that our landlord can be forgetful so figured that's why she hasn't brought the key in over a month. B and I are getting annoyed that A is being lazy about this and are concerned for our safety. We live in a pretty populated area of town and there was even an instance when we saw a stranger in our backyard and called the police (luckily nothing happened). &#x200B; Today I came home around 11am and the door was locked so I figured A had gotten the key and locked the door before she left. Well, I get a call and text from A at 7pm saying she was locked out. I'm guessing B came home for work and let her in because I haven't heard anything from A and I'm staying at my boyfriend's tonight so not going home. Reddit, AITA for being annoyed with this and not wanting to (but will) continue accommodating for A's arguably laziness? B or I haven't asked her to get it yet but I feel like I shouldn't have to? Maybe that makes me an asshole too. At this point I'm going to pay my rent in person and see if I can get the key myself to avoid confrontation. &#x200B; TLDR; My roommate hasn't had a house key for over a month and expects our landlord to bring it to her instead of getting it herself and in the meantime the house has been kept unlocked. AITA for wanting her to get the key herself so I can lock the house when no one is home? &#x200B; Response to some early comments; 1. I am thankful she gave me a key. If I were in her position I would have gotten the key immediately. I am considering getting the 3rd key myself, I just thought since she decided to put herself in<|response|> ESH Any of you could've fixed this with a quick trip to the landlord. instead you're all being lazy and getting mad at eachother. honestly you're lucky A even gave you one of keys she had, she could've left you keyless. stop causing problems with each other over what should be a quick fix and get a damn key copy before you get robbed <|endoftext|>
96445	3	AITA For confronting someone about not giving me the opportunity to go to Paris? So I’m in a specialized school program and I collaborated with A and B on a project. A and B held higher positions, however. The project is being showcased at a place in Paris, and normally the school pays for us to go to these events. “A” didn’t tell me the project even was accepted to this event. He told B and that was it. He only has two tickets so I couldn’t go to the actual event, but I still could’ve pitched to go to Paris for a week. I found out about this whole thing from B. I’ve been on good standings with A, but even when I am, it feels like he is either too scared for confrontation or is being fake to me when we engage in conversation. I don’t know. Would I be the asshole if I confronted “A” about not talking to me about any of this? Like I’m fine with not going but keeping in the dark from me just irritated me. Maybe I’m overreacting but it’s good to know who my friends actually are. I don’t have time for anyone who’s not straight up. Like, just tell me I couldn’t go or you didn’t want me there. Then I don’t have to worry about if I should’ve pitched or not. Idk.<|response|> If you helped with the project, why don't you get a ticket to go present it with A and B? Frankly, I think this whole system puts A in a shitty position by not giving everyone involved a ticket to the event. NAH because if you can't go to the event there doesn't seem to be any point in you just getting a free vacation. <|endoftext|>
7516	2	AITA for making out with this girl Here is the synopsis: Im in college and live in a coed dorm. There is a guy named Tom and a girl named Lily in my hall. They have been "dating" for the past 4 days of college. Im friendly with Tom, but we're not really friends. Last night during a party, Lily was being pretty handsy with a bunch of guys and Tom got angry and stormed off. Now keep in mind, Im pretty drunk at this point in the night and Lily is also a little tipsy. Lily see's me from across the room and starts grinding me. Being the drunk horny mofo that i was, i didn't really care. After a few minuets of "dancing," Lily turns around and says "this is college, i do what i want" and she made out with me. I knew it was wrong but I was drunk so I didn't care. I walked her back to our dorm, we both agreed that it was a fuck up. Regardless, I wake up the next day and Lily being a selfish person threw me under the bus and told Tom that I "jumped on her." Needless to say, im the most hated person in my hall... Am I really the asshole? Should i talk one on one with Tom?<|response|> For future reference, "I was drunk", isn't a valid excuse. <|endoftext|>
54427	3	AITA for not talking to her My bio mom didn't raise me, I dont have love for her. If anything she is toxic to me. (Shes an addict who uses me to enable her) recently she has been getting onto the pages of my friends and family on fb and leaving very public comments. She even had the cajones to claim to be my mom to the woman who actually raised me. So, I shut her down. Long story short I advised her that neither my sister nor I wish to speak to her and that its rude to use others to keep tabs on me. And now I feel like shit. My non existent relationship with her is complicated at best, flat out toxic at its worst. She has this way of resurrecting every bit of pain and anger that I had thought would never resurface. I'm not perfect. But I had been doing decently emotionally for the past few years then bam she shows up and I'm angry again. AITA?<|response|> NTA. You don’t owe this woman anything, let alone allowing her to talk about you on social media. Cut her off, ask your friends and family to block her, and move on with your life. <|endoftext|>
37335	3	AITA For not greeting my mom a Happy Mother's Day? My mom has been an asshole to me ever since I was young. She actually migrated to Dubai and left me with my grand parents who are way nicer than her. She would come every Christmas but every time I meet her she always acts mean to me. There are times where I do something that makes me happy and she would judge me for it. She'd stay stuff like "Oh do u think that most people would like that" and other stuff. And for a child hearing that from his mother, that is so devastating. I am 14 now, and she still acts the same way. She scolded me for not greeting her a Happy Mother's Day an hour after telling me that I'm useless and that I should change when really she just didnt see my change. So, I thought she really didn't deserve a greeting. Don't say: "Oh, but without her then you wouldn't even exist right now". Well, I'd rather not exist than live with that bitch.<|response|> I say NTA. r/JUSTNOFAMILY and r/Raisedbynarcissists might be able to give you advice on how to handle this. <|endoftext|>
18213	1	AITA Blowing up at a Classmate Because of Sensory Issues In my design class one of my classmates plays the animal crossing theme on loop everyday. I've expressed to her several times that it really grates on my nerves and makes it hard to work. I've never pushed the issue too hard, just put in headphones when I could. I've told her about my sensory issues (especially auditory ones). I've really tried to let her know that I can't handle listening to it all class everyday. Today was an awful day for me, sensory wise. When I walked into class she wasn't playing it but she started playing it not long after I got set up. I groaned loudly and was just gonna put on my headphones but she said "Don't groan about it, it's cute." I blew up telling her that I literally hated the tune, and that I wished she wouldn't play it. Another student scolded me but I feel justified. I know shouting wasn't the best solution but I've been trying to get her to stop playing the song since first semester.<|response|> NTA - What kind of person plays music in class without headphones in? That's allowed in your school? I'd throw my shoe at them. Listen to your music all you want, but don't subject everyone to it. <|endoftext|>
114366	3	AITA For being upset that my husband didn’t do anything for Valentine’s Day? Obviously, the title makes this sound lame, and it probably is. Today is Valentine’s Day and my husband (29M) and I (22F) typically just do something really small like dinner and small candy gifts. My husband has a history of not getting me any gift at all for things (Christmas, my birthday, our anniversary etc.) because he typically forgets. Sometimes he’ll get me something retroactively, but sometimes he doesn’t. An important detail is that our birthdays, Valentine’s Day, and our anniversary all fall around the same time of year so it is kind of a lot all at once. This year we were talking about our birthdays and I said “don’t bother getting me anything.” He argued that he would like to get me something so I said “I want you to make me a nice dinner.” (This is something I have asked him to do for the last 4 holidays and it still hasn’t happened.) He said he would do that. Then I asked about Valentine’s Day and he said “We’re definitely doing something.” Today, I arranged to have a bakery make a small personal sized cake, chocolate covered strawberries, and a chocolate heart for him. I got off work an hour early and came home to surprise him with it. He stayed home from work today because he is recovering from a fever and cough, but he was 90% better today and went out for errands. He wasn’t home when I got home, which was strange so I tried calling him. He didn’t answer, so I waited about 15 minutes and called again with a follow up text. No answer. I started to get really worried and called another 3 times in a row and still no answer. About 20 minutes later he calls me back and says “I was getting a haircut, but I’m coming home now. Is everything okay?” I said yes and see you soon. I thought he would be bringing something back for me for Valentine’s Day. But he came home empty handed, and seemed genuinely surprised that I got him something. I then expressed that I was a little hurt that he didn’t get me anything and his response was “Well, I had planned to get something on the way home but then you called me so many times I thought you were mad I wasn’t home so I just came straight here.” To me that feels like a BS excuse and he forgot to get me something. I clearly told him on the phone that everything was good and I was just worried about him not answering for so long. I feel like he’s trying to flip it on me, like it’s my fault he couldn’t get me a gift. So I took the chocolate covered strawberries for myself and I’ve been kind of snippy with him tonight when he asks me what I want to do. AITA for being upset that he didn’t get me a Valentine’s Day gift?<|response|> NTA - But your husband isn't "forgetting" to buy gifts - he's just too lazy to do it. My partner is extremely forgetful. Just this week I had to remind him FIVE times that I won't be home on Saturday as I've been called into work. Yet he still manages to buy me something for my birthday and Christmas (we don't do Valentine's). <|endoftext|>
25375	4	WIBTA if I leave a visit to my gf’s family early? Last night gf and I drove over 3 hours to go visit her family for the weekend. I’ve met her parents and sisters before, but this is the first overnight night visit. It’s been fucking miserable. We got there kinda late. I was really tired from driving and just wanted to go to bed. Gf slept most of the way and they were excited to see her so her mother and sisters stayed up. I learned that I would be sleeping on the couch. The same one they were all sitting on catching up. So I just sat there quietly until about 2:30 when they finally went to bed. I crashed. At 6am her father woke me up to tell (not ask) me to help him feed the farm animals they keep in their backyard. I’m always trying to make a good impression with the man so I faked cheerfully said sure thing. I’ve never really been around pigs and chickens so I didn’t know what I was doing. So I asked him exactly what he wanted me to do. He treated me like I was an idiot for not knowing and talked to me like you would talk to a little kid. Whatever, I did what he said. We did a few other things around their coop and pen things that they have. The whole time the man was irritated at me even though I did everything he said. He said we were done for now and went into his garage. So I went back inside and took a shower. I was wide awake so I basically just sat on the couch on my phone until 9ish when my gf’s mom woke up and came out to start breakfast. Trying to be nice I asked if I could help. She asked me what I knew how to make and I told her pancakes. She said that sounds good and she would make the eggs and sausage. I’m a messy cook so I threw on one of the aprons. Of course gf’s dad came and thought it was funny. He said that looks about right. And it’s good that I’m good for something since I’m useless on “the farm”. Gf and her sisters woke up soon after. Her father complained to her about me right in front of everyone. He said a lot of shit, but what bugged me the most was how was I gonna take care of her if I can’t even feed some chickens. I’m 27 and I guarantee I’m make more than this man ever did in his entire life. I have no problem taking care of her. Gf didn’t say much. Just laughed mostly. All day today this man has been taking jabs about me to them and directly to my face. I don’t care about making an impression on him anymore. I’m getting really close to my blow up point. I know it’ll look really bad if I gf and I leave early, but I’d<|response|> NTA it sounds like the father in law has very little respect for you. While I do encourage being polite, I'd say you need to stick up for yourself. When I say stick up for yourself. I don't mean passive aggressive attacks or shouting at him. I mean directly asking him why he's treating you badly. Level tone, eye contact and willingness to communicate. I lived in the country and have been around a lot of country folk, he'll respect you more if you're direct with him. <|endoftext|>
119733	4	AITA for telling my friend to lower her expectations for college? A little while ago, my affluent friends's mom took him on a college trip to Cornell and he decided that that was his dream school, an idea his mom supported. When he talked about it being his dream school the next day, I became a little worried, because I thought the chances of him getting in were little to zero, and I didn't want him to be disappointed. I say this because we go to a private school together and this friend takes zero AP classes as a junior and has never taken an honors class, his GPA is a 3.2 and he's not on honor roll. Freshman GPA is in the twos, Sophomore GPA is same as now. A couple months ago, he took the SAT and didn't even break 1000. He plays soccer but is nowhere near recruitment, he's not a starter and hardly on varsity. His other extracurriculars are also very weak, nothing special or unique: science club, understudy in the musical, and that's it, no music either. To show him the caliber of students at Cornell, I showed him a video of an accepted student's stats and activities, and recommended that he aim for a better fit and not just somewhere elite. He claimed that I was being unsupportive and his parent's think that I am a bad influence since I don't support him in his dreams. AITA for telling my friend to aim lower?<|response|> YTA Not for telling him the truth, but for the way you said it. Couldn't you have just told him to have some "backup" schools ready? Like you could tell him you were doing the same... That way he isn't only applying to Cornell <|endoftext|>
27920	1	AITA for using my "privileges" to find out information on my girlfriend? Bit of background my girlfriend comes from an esteemed family with many centuries of wealth to their name. She is very private because her father is fairly controversial and has received death threats etc so she doesn't use social media. I started getting slightly suspicious of her hanging out with a certain gentleman a lot but she assured me it was completely platonic and not what it seems. &#x200B; I work for a competitive intelligence company we have contracts with various governments and private companies. I used company software to look up information on my girlfriend and her family (It's not illegal to do this the software is available to civilians for a price). and I found out this man she is hanging out with is actually her brother and he goes by a different name presumably for protection. I recall hearing her talk about a book where "male heirs" are hidden from the public and she mentioned that Kim Jong Un was a hidden heir that no one knew about until he ascended to power. All of these conversations came back to me and I was slightly relieved she wasn't cheating but now i'm just more paranoid about why this family needs to hide a "male heir" to begin with. &#x200B; AITA for finding out this information? should I tell her I know?<|response|> pretty sure this is SHP <|endoftext|>
69735	4	AITA for commenting about a breed ban? In the city where I live there is a dog breed ban and recently someone posted on the county scanner page about their missing dog which is a banned breed in my city and in a few other cities in the county. Flashback My parents were stupid and lied about the breed of dog we had to the city and it was taken I was hella sad, I try to let everyone know about the ban if they move to my county if I know them or if the topic comes up. I posted asking of the city she lost the dog in was included in the breed ban and someone else asked me why it mattered and I replied ”So someone dosen't see a breed being reported missing and report it.” then I was called a snitch rat? Like what?<|response|> Gentle YTA. You could get their dog taken away. If you really just wanted the owner to know, you could have reached out privately, instead of making a public comment to anyone that finds the dog that it's a banned breed. I think your intentions were good, but maybe you didn't think the consequences through. <|endoftext|>
83428	3	AITA for refusing to help my friend/classmate? I was telling my friend/classmate today how I ran some simulations for a class we have together over the weekend for 14hours and finally found what I was looking for. Just fyi: The simulations themselves are very passive, just feed the info into the computer and leave it to run.... but while it's doing that, your CPU is really busy with that and you can't really freely use your computer. If I leave it runnig at night (when I don't need my computer) the light and sound that my laptop makes makes me sleep like shit. Anyway, my classmate got all excited and asked me if I could run her simulations for her on my computer. At first I was hesitant and started listing what I said above about not being able to use my computer and not getting sleep. She asked again saying please and that's when I flat out said no. So she turned to other classmates asking if they had the program installed then she turned back to me and told me that no one else has it installed. I told her it takes like 15 minutes to install and is free for students. She acted all put out and said that she guesses she's going to have to install it and she was kind of quieter for the rest of the lecture. I don't feel like the asshole, but I know that I'm more likely to tell her no than I am to anyone else. I COULD run the simulations for her... But she can do it herself just the same. She has a history of using people and I got tired of it when once thanks to my help she got a better grade in a class and thanks to *that* she got a scholarship that I would have otherwise gotten. So I'm not really good at judging what's standing my ground and what's delving into just plain old asshole territory. So people of Reddit, AITA?<|response|> NTA she can do it. Your sleep is more important than saving her the time of having to do it. <|endoftext|>
122592	2	AITA for kicking someone out of my social group who potentially had special needs? Throwaway for obvious reasons. &#x200B; I live in the Midwest, which is boring af, so I have a social Facebook group where anyone local can join and we go to happy hours, bars, etc. Recently, a new person, "Anna" joined. When Anna came to our first get-together, she seemed A LOT older than most of us (20s-30s). She had grey hair and wrinkles but insisted she was 29. Throughout the night, she was really loud and rude. Afterwards, a few people told me they made her uncomfortable. She was just brusque and some of the things she said were socially inappropriate. A few of my friends expressed that they thought she had special needs. &#x200B; Well, Anna showed up again. She was still loud and rude, and made comments to some people that were totally uncalled for. Before we got together again, I sent her a message to let her know that she was making people uncomfortable and we all had to feel safe and comfortable in this group. No response. Another get-together came, and she didn't talk to anyone. She just sat there and stared at everyone. So, after talking it over with other people, I decided to remove her. &#x200B; Now she messaged me asking to be let back in, because she wants to meet friends in a controlled setting. She wants to practice making friends and picking up on their mistakes. Based on how it was written, I now really believe she has something wrong with her, either intellectually or a personality disorder. But I don't feel responsible for being her "mentor" or teaching her how to make friends. We're all here to hang out and have some fun, not be made fun of by someone. AITA for not letting her back in? &#x200B; ETA: The people who were complaining about her were saying they felt like she was bullying them. She was putting people down the whole night, and laughing at them.<|response|> NTA If someone is horrible to hang out with, then don't. <|endoftext|>
130700	5	WIBTA for talking to a friend about leaving his gf? So as the title says, I've been considering having a sit down talk with one of my long time friends (I'll call Dave) about the relationship he's in. I'm 30, he's 32, and his gf is 28. I'll call her Meagan. There is of course some backstory. He's been with her about 4 years. They were renting an apartment off one of his family members, but Meagan got into kerfuffle with his aunt, and they were forced to move in to her mom's house. I don't know the exact details. So now the situation they find themselves in is this. She does not work. She suffers from severe anxiety and some other issues that make it really difficult for her. She's gone back to work a few times over the years, but it rarely lasts more than a few weeks. She was getting some money for disability, but it sounds like that has ended. Her mom does help her out (she is letting them stay there after all), but Meagan's mom also suffers from some anxiety disorders, and so does her brother who lives there too. Out of all 4 of them, Dave is the only one who cleans. He doesn't like the living situation. He wants out, and has been saving towards that. Until Meagan spent all of their savings on a bird without consulting Dave. Several thousand dollars. They are now stuck there for years. From the way he told the story, it was unclear if she just did it without telling him, or just told him this is how it's going to be. He spoke as a man defeated, trying to put the best possible spin on something that stressed him greatly. Meagan had been seeing a therapist. Said therapist is friends with a mutual acquaintance of ours. Apparently, this therapist came to this person to tell them that Meagan is working to isolate Dave from his friends and family. In fact, Dave's relationship with them has become quite strained. Him and his dad hardly speak. His sister has asked me to have an intervention for Dave. That all came out last summer, and I thought it was best to let Dave figure it out on his own. Then this bird thing happened a few weeks ago. And now yesterday, the two of them were coming over for dinner, showed up and had a fight in the driveway, and then just left. Meagan texted me after, and the things she was calling herself ("crazy" and "insane") were much stronger than I'm comfortable using. I'm worried about my friend. I don't think it's right to sit him down to tell him he has to leave her. But I also don't know that I can say nothing. So, WIBTA for trying to make him see the light here?<|response|> NAH and I hope you tell him (I can't really find an asshole in this situation, she has mental issues which aren't her fault). I say that because I spent a few years of my life with someone that no one liked but no one told me until we broke up and I was like wtf guys why didn't someone say something? I only needed a little nudge. Maybe that's all your friend needs is to hear some truth from someone they trust in order to save them a few years of wasted time. <|endoftext|>
165515	2	AITA for asking for half of the money from a refund from my ex So I recently broke up with my girlfriend. We have been sharing money since we got together pretty much, even though I've definitely been the breadwinner all the way through. I've never had a problem with this, and we've never had a fight over money. A few months back, we spent €1900 on 15 driving lessons for her - something she thought was a lot of money at the time, and even felt bad for spending it. She only ended up using 3 lessons before the breakup, and now she wants my help to get them refunded from the driving school (about €1550). However, she is adamant that the money is hers only. I wouldn't have a single problem with her keeping the lessons and actually taking her license, but as she wants a refund I think I have the right to some of the cash - even though I broke up with her. AITA for wanting to ask her for half?<|response|> I don’t care how much you put in - she wants your help to get a refund but only so she can keep the money?! She’s the a-hole, you’re NTA. <|endoftext|>
7458	3	AITA for not picking up my sister from the bus depot? In the interest of better posts, and because this incident caused an absolutely gigantic fight... Last winter, my sister came to visit from out of town. The bus she usually takes normally arrives a little after midnight. In the past, either myself, or more typically my husband, go to pick her up. The bus depot is only a fifteen minute walk from my home, but since it's late at night, we don't like her walking alone. We've done this maybe 7 or 8 times prior. On the night in question, a few things were different. First, my husband and I were both very ill with a cold, and we were both taking Nyquil/Sudafed/whatever we could find. Second, a blizzard had made the roads very treacherous, and we hadn't yet had the opportunity to put the winter tires on the truck. Because I found it unsafe and unwise for either of us to drive tired, sick, on drugs, during a blizzard, I texted my sister earlier that evening and asked if she would please take a cab instead. She said no problem. Cue my mother calling me ten minutes later in an absolute fury. She accuses my husband and I of being horribly selfish and cruel for leaving my sister alone at the bus depot when we could so easily drive and get her. I explained my position and reasoning, but she was livid and wanted to hear none of it. I asked what damn business was it of hers, when this entire exchange was between my sister and I to begin with. This... did not help defuse the situation. The conversation devolved into a screaming match and we ceased speaking to one another for some days. When my sister found out, she was shocked, and felt very torn between my mother and I. We've since smoothed things over, but my mother still maintains her position, and I believe I was correct. So, who (if anyone) was the asshole?<|response|> Wow, crazy. Sounds like your mom has a favorite. Making her the asshole. The other possibility is your sister is a manipulator and gave her a sob story she denied to you. Either way YOU are not the asshole in this scenario. <|endoftext|>
163361	3	AITA: Don’t want to go to a friends wedding. I don’t know how to do this honestly but this has been on my mind since I first was told. So a little backstory I got two of my friends in high school to start dating and they’ve been together ever since. But when they started dating (maybe longer for my male friend) they completely shut me out. Before you ask or even assume; no I didn’t do anything (that I know of) wrong. Years pass by they still haven’t talked to me. I guess they started talking to my mother instead of me. (Sadly my information on Facebook hasn’t changed once since I first got it.) My mother told me that they wanted to invite me to their wedding. I want to go but at the same time I don’t. Why should I put in all the effort of trying to make a friendship they have no intention in keeping work? What should I do? Am I the asshole? EDIT: thank you everyone for taking the time to give me honest feedback!<|response|> NTA-you literally have no obligation to go..if you don’t want to go, don’t go..you are over thinking it <|endoftext|>
28925	3	AITA For My Grocery Store Line Etiquette? I will explain the line orientation first so that you can get the whole picture. There is one express lane for three separate cash registers. Then there is one line for each other register but they are not express. There was one person in line in the express lane and I went to stand behind him. Then I noticed that a normal lane (non-express) was open. So, I exited the express lane and went to the empty normal lane. I figured I might as well go in the empty normal lane then wait in the express. Well, the guy in front of me in the express lane came over and said, "Do you not see me waiting in line in front of you?". I said, "You are in that line which is for those registers, Sorry many." He then said something and walked off very angry. He gave me a very nasty look when he left. So, AITA? Did I not follow the system correct or break some unwritten rule? I really was kind of shocked b.c I was under the impression that is how lines work.<|response|> NTA. This is definitely how lines work. Chalk it up to that guy having a bad day. <|endoftext|>
28339	3	AITA for complaining about old people? English is not my first language. Because I have a fulltime job and go to school as well, every weekend I go to the library to do the following weeks readings. Today a couple (F60, M 70 maybe) came to the library as well. They were discussing some class material and they were talking at a normal voice tone. I wasn’t next to them and I can hear the whole conversation. It make it harder to concentrate and understand my reading. I wasn’t the only one who look at them with anger. When I had enough I complain about them to the librarian who proceed to talk to the couple. The guy next to me looked at me and ask if I complain about them and I said yes I did. He look at me like I was a bitch and continue his reading. AITA?<|response|> NTA, I enjoy going to the library. It's meant to be a quiet spot for people to study or read. You don't break that rule without making people upset. <|endoftext|>
83269	3	AITA for getting my neighbor’s parents’ car towed? I live in a building right in the city where there isn’t a lot of street parking. My car is often parked at the office because I travel frequently and sometimes I just take car service to the airport directly from the office. Yesterday after I came home from a work trip, I drove home from the office and found that some car was parked in my spot. I thought it was just some resident who got confused about parking, so I called the chef concierge and asked him to notify the owner of the car. The chef concierge informed me that he would investigate and he would call me back with more information. In the meantime, I drive around town to run a few errands since I had been away for a week. During this time, the chef concierge called me to give me an update. Apparently, my neighbor (who has two parking spots himself) was hosting his parents for the holidays. Since my car is often not in the building garage, and I was away for a whole week last week with my car parked at the office, my neighbor thought he would “chance it” and have his parents park their car in my spot (we do not have guest parking in our garage). He thought I would be gone through Thanksgiving. His parents have mobility issues and my parking was right by the elevator bank. The chef concierge told me he had asked them to move the car within 30 minutes and that the situation should be resolved by that time. I thanked him and went about my day. I returned home a few hours after speaking with the concierge, and parked in my spot and didn’t really think much of the situation until my neighbor called me last night. He was angry that I had his parents car towed. But I kept telling him I let the chef concierge handle the situation, and I wasn’t even in the loop about the towing. Apparently neither my neighbor nor his parents moved the car despite several calls from the chef concierge. Finally, the car was towed. He said his parents had mobility issues due to medical reasons, and he couldn’t find open street parking for one of his own two cars to free up a space for his parents’ car. He just kept guilt tripping me with his parents’ medical issues and insinuated I should pay for the towing fee. While I know I’m technically in the clear, I do feel bad that his parents car was towed. AITA and should I reimburse my neighbor?<|response|> NTA. They made the choice not to move the car. Your neighbor could have done it for them. <|endoftext|>
177021	3	AITA foretelling my girlfriend to cover up around my family? Some background is that her parents just started to except that I was gay. Me and my girlfriend wear sweatpants and fuzzy sweaters 98% of the time. But whenever we go to sleep or wake up for coffee in the morning we wear usually just underpants. It doesn't bother me because I'm really comfortable with nudity and it's just her and me in the house so who cares right? It's not like I haven't seen her naked. Her parents are staying in town and we are crashing on the couch while they get the master bed. My girlfriend isn't crazy so in the mornings she says that she'll put on a nightgown or pajamas but she is very used to sleeping naked/shirtless. I am very worried that her parents will walk into the living room and see her nude. she has a very hard time sleeping clothed because she's so used to it. She asked if it would be okay if she just wear a sports bra and I said "sure" I woke up in the middle of the night to get some water and she was completely naked in the morning I lightly and jokingly scolded her "that's nice pair of boobs, of course you want to show them off to your dad" She got mad. And said that she should be able to sleep however she wants and that she is tired of me telling her to cover up. She says that it's not even MY parents and none of my business what she wears to sleep. They are literally going to be in town for 5 days. AITA for telling my long-term girlfriend did I don't want my my in-laws to see her naked? Edit: I'm super the antagonist. Me and my girlfriend wrote this up we were giggling at all the responses, a lot of them made me see where she was coming from. I just explained that I don't feel comfortable because I don't want her homophobic parents too think about me seeing her naked/us having sex. She agreed with that make sense and will wear a sports bra. So, we agreed that I'm not the antagonist for asking but that I am the antagonist for poorly communicating. Girlfriend here: Hi, just to clarify, the joke about my dad didn't make me uncomfortable. Because I'm their daughter I couldn't imagine them not accepting me. But I can certainly imagine them not accepting my girlfriend. So I think that we act a little less intimate while they were around to get them used to it. thanks!<|response|> YTA. She knows her family’s comfort level with nudity better than you do, and what you said about her dad was gross. <|endoftext|>
89795	4	AITA being annoyed with friend Not sure if I’m feeling unjustly annoyed. I went to visit my friend who moved to a new country to study (we had both already finished a degree which is where we met). I was only there for a few days. Most of those evenings she had us eating dinner with her new friends, and on the last night we spent the evening drinking with them. The problem isn’t that, but I felt a bit like a third wheel because they only spoke about things they have in common (their degree), and I felt like my friend didn’t really make an effort to spend the time with me. I sat there listening to their conversations just nodding along. I did try chatting to some of them but I fare better one-on-one as compared to a group setting, and they only really tried including me once or twice. I haven’t said anything to her, and just went a long with the plans bc I pretty much just wanted to spend time with her in her new town. I’m just feeling a bit hurt that she didn’t make more of a thing to spend alone time with me and unsure if I even have anything to be upset about. I should add that they had further plans to go out drinking again on the day I left, so skipping one night with them would not have been that big of a thing. I left early when we went out and she stayed out with them ( I had to get sleep before my flight), and had some new friends crash at her place so the last few hours before I left was also spent with them. How would you react if you went to see your friend in a new country (I was going that side of the world anyway and added in the detour to see her at quite a but of extra cost), and she made you feel like a third wheel?<|response|> NTA I would have expected... not demanded.... but expected, a friend to take me around to show me the sights, favorite eateries, and spend some one on one time with me catching up. A meal or two with her friends so I could me those important to her would be understandable and enjoyable. But not the whole visit. <|endoftext|>
3274	5	WIBTA for confronting my mom? Sorry for poor formatting. On mobile. For reference, I'm turning 19 in a few weeks. Last week, after a month of saving up and planning, I brought home a four month old gecko and everything it would need to have a happy life. My mom's been excited to get the gecko home, which is understandable. However, when I brought it home, I decided to place the terrrarium that it would be in in my room, which is downstairs; my mom has her bedroom upstairs, and that's also where the living room, kitchen, etc. is. After buying the gecko, at least five to ten times every day my mom will barge in without any notice just to try to find the gecko, poke at the glass, and ask me where it is, to which I can only really reply "I don't know, I haven't looked since the last time you were down here." The unexpected visits are kind of annoying, but I can handle them since my mom comes in here all the time. However, today someone I've never met before (a friend of mom's who's only ever been here when I'm gone) has stopped by for a visit, and has brought his five or six year old daughter. I don't like children under the best of circumstances. That's not to say I hate them or will act 'cold' around them, I just dislike being in a kid's presence or having them in my space for too long. It's draining, and I can be a bit possessive of my things, which I'll admit is a personal flaw I'm trying to work on. Mom has the bright idea to show the girl the gecko - without warning me beforehand, or asking my permission to bring a total stranger into my room. When she was bringing the girl in, I was in the middle of trying to change, and had to hurriedly throw clothes on in the five seconds of warning that I got. I wouldn't have been nearly as upset as I am right now if she hadn't let the girl wander around my room for another couple of minutes after she had seen the gecko. She only took the girl out after suggesting they should go because I was 'cleaning my room, which is pretty scary right now'. Would I be the asshole if I confronted her about how I feel like her bringing people into my room is a bit of an invasion of privacy, and I'd appreciate if she didn't do it anymore - or, at the very least, ask my permission beforehand or give me advanced warning?<|response|> You're never an asshole for explaining to someone how you feel. I understand where you're coming from on this one. Do you not have a door you could lock or anything that way they would have to knock first? If not, I would look into getting one. <|endoftext|>
43174	3	AITA for not being cheery at work? I started work at a popular coffee chain a few weeks ago. I used to work there about 3 years ago, but it's still been a bit of an adjustment learning all the new products and relearning old procedures. I work about 95% with women of various ages (I'm 24f). My managers have generally been great, plus or minus a couple instances. But my younger coworkers don't seem to like me. I'm not the most happy and go lucky or talkative person, especially at work. Since I've been training, all they've seemed to do is snap at me. Two or three girls in particular who are definitely younger than me love to order me around, especially when I'm in the middle of another task. I try to comply with what they ask but I'm not always super enthusiastic about it. Sometimes I just say "ok" or "sure" and do it. Other times I try and say "well I'm actually doing x right now..." but that's usually met with annoyance or eye rolls. Today at the end of my shift I got pulled into the managers office with 3 supervisors. They said that some of the other girls had noticed an "attitude problem" and they were concerned. They weren't angry, they just seemed like they wanted to know what was happening. I told them that some of the girls are alot less than patient with me and I have been trying, but sometimes I get overwhelmed. They seemed to understand my explanation and assured me I wasn't in trouble, but I'm having a nagging feeling that maybe I'm in the wrong here. EDIT: just to clarify, I'm always nice and smiley to customers. I haven't had a complaint yet. I'm only talking about my coworkers. And another thing I should mention is that nobody came and talked to me first before telling the supervisor that I was some kind of problem. I'm also pretty sure they like to gossip about me when I'm out of hearing range but that could just be paranoia.<|response|> i thought this was going to be a "do i have to be cheery to the customers" question, to which the answer is basically "yes" as long as you are kind and respectful and doing your job, you shouldn't have to be super smiley to co-workers. NTA, and I'm disappointed that they complained that you have an attitude problem just because you are mellow. <|endoftext|>
113908	3	AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend because of her dog? My girlfriend and I have been together for 6 months or so. We have been thinking about moving in together so she's been staying at my house over the weekend Friday - Monday night (she's off Sunday and Monday). The dog is twelve but she hasn't trained him very well and he doesn't listen. I should also mention that I did not grow up with animals and have no patience for torn-up furniture, stolen food, etc but my biggest pet peeve is the dog doing his business in the house. The dog poops any time we leave the house (she refuses to cage him while we're not home) and tears things up. He even poops and pees in front of us. And any time we have sex. She insists he sleep in the bed (which is gross but whatever, I can cope) but anytime we get down down to business, so does he. As soon as we get close he jumps off the bed and starts sniffing around. She yells at him but it doesn't stop him. Even if he's been out to go recently the dog will find reserves and leave a steamer in the middle of the room. I can't have sex while I'm waiting for the dog to take a dump at the foot of the bed and she just wants to ignore it and keep going. We had a big fight yesterday. She says that she can't help it of her dog acts out and that it's "not a big deal." But it is a big deal to me. I don't like that my furniture is torn up, my house smells like dog shit, I can't do this. Am I the asshole? TL;DR SO's dog poops and pees in the house, tears things up I want girlfriend and her dog out of my house.<|response|> NTA! This dog is *woefully* untrained, and at that age, there is no way it'll happen. If your GF was of good character, she would have taken better care of that poor dog and established basic housebreaking. I think this dog did you a favor, actually, letting you know this is likely how she takes care of other things. <|endoftext|>
56476	3	AITA for using incorrect hand signals on purpose? I bike on busy city roads in Minneapolis and Saint Paul (Minnesota, USA). I ALWAYS get confused when other bikers hold one of their arms at a 90 degree angle. So instead of learning “proper” signaling, I just point in the direction I want to turn with the respective arm. (Example: to turn left, I point straight out with my left arm. To turn right, I point straight out with my right arm.) If I—a biker—don’t understand turn signals, how can I expect non-bike-savvy drivers to understand them? AITA here?? Edit: Just editing to say how much I’ve loved this feedback! I’m smiling ear to ear reading ALL these. :D Totally understand ITA for being ignorant, but for some reason I have such a hard time remembering if it’s “supposed to” always be the left arm, or if that’s what I “think” it is because I’m left handed! Ha!!<|response|> YTA Sticking your left arm straight means turning left. Sticking your left arm out then pointing up means turning right. Sticking your right arm out also means turning right. So you’re actually not doing anything wrong. But you’re an asshole for not knowing what the proper signals are, refusing to educate yourself, and still being on the road. <|endoftext|>
134497	5	AITA for being mad at my parents? So I (17F) feel as if my parents are unjustly taking away my freedoms and being really strict. It starts with the car situation. I’ve had a job since a few weeks after turning 16, and expected to buy my own car since my parents made it clear I wasn’t getting one from them. But since my dad has a work car that he uses, the other normal car is free for me to use to drive to school and work with few exceptions like when my dad needs it. I also use the car to go to the gym, the bank, and occasionally Walmart. However, my parents are always asking me where I am, where I’m going and have gotten really bitchy about telling them every single place I go. We’re talking about telling them I going to Walmart for 10 minutes even though neither of them are home and it won’t affect them. To me this is extremely controlling, and they yell at me that it’s their car and that I have to tell them every place that I go. I went into work 1 hour early (my manager requested) and then my mom showed up at work a few hours later to say, “We need to talk,” because I forgot to tell her. Just to let you know, I have asked multiple times to buy my own car and have money saved up to do so. (About 6K at the time.) They always shut me down with one of the following arguments: not enough space in the driveway, you can’t afford a car, the car you buy would be so shitty it wouldn’t work. So I have literally tried to resolve the problem by buying my own car but they won’t let me and say I should be grateful I am allowed to use their car. On the same note, I’m trying to pick out possible future careers and they keep shutting down anything I want to do that they don’t like. I thought about being a carpenter, and they told no because it doesn’t make enough money. I showed interest in being a personal trainer or doing something in fitness and they also shut that down stating, “You’re just going to be one of those people working at the YMCA. They don’t make anything.” I feel like they don’t support anything I do. So am I the asshole for thinking my parents are too strict or do you think they are just looking out for me like they say?<|response|> NAH. Don't really know your parents, but sometimes they're just overprotective of you because of their own hardships that they don't want you to repeat. At the same time, if you really want freedom and think you can bear the responsibility, move out, gracefully but firmly. EDIT: About the car. Have you offered to pay for gas or take over it competely? Maybe things can change if they see that you can handle the responsibility. <|endoftext|>
94237	4	AITA for wanting my roommate to put used toilet paper in the toilet instead of the trashcan? I guess this is literally a shitpost but here it goes: My roomate (M20) and I (M20) have been getting along great except for one thing. Whenever he uses the bathroom to take a dump, he puts his stained toilet paper in the trashcan instead of the toilet to flush. I think its disgusting and unsanitary, so Ive asked him several times about this. Our toilet is perfectly capable of flushing normal amounts of toilet paper(I know because I use it) so its not a mechanical issue. We've never had a heated argument, but I would mention how I appreciate if he flushed his toilet paper instead. He always said something along the lines of how I "can't police his bathroom habits" or whatever and I left it at that. I am starting to get annoyed that he is still not flushing his toilet paper so I am planning to seriously discuss this with him. I thought my friends would back me up, but most of them think I'm a controlling asshole for regulating his bathroom habits. This honestly blew my mind because I didn't think anyone would want to look at a can full of dried shit and I also thought everyone flushed their used toilet paper but I guess I'm wrong. I don't see any reason for him not to flush used toilet paper except for maybe a cultural reason, but I don't think that justifies him not flushing. I don't know whether to seriously confront him or not. AITA if I do? Edit: We are in the states, he is from China<|response|> NTA but this is pretty common in developing countries. It might be habit for him at this point. Can you get a trash can with a lid and foot pedal opening. That way, hopefully the extra step with remind him before he reflexively puts it in the trash, and if he doesn't, at least it's not visible. I also think emptying the trash should be his job. <|endoftext|>
14802	5	AITA For Thinking My MIL Is Insensitive About Possible Miscarriage? Last fall, I suffered a miscarriage. It was a really low, depressing time right before the holidays for myself and my husband. We have one daughter who is healthy and amazing, but I have polycystic ovarian syndrome so pregnancy and fertility hasn't always been "easy" for me. After the miscarriage, which occurred between 7-8 weeks, my mother-in-law gave me one of those "everything happens for a reason" lines. It was annoying at best, ignorant and hurtful at worst. I've been part of my husband's family for 11 years, so I know not to go to her for empathy or validation in just about anything -- but that line pissed me off. This year has been especially crappy for our family (job loss, lack of health insurance, and illness in the family) so we didn't begin trying to conceive again until recently. I have suffered from generalized anxiety since the birth of my daughter three years ago, and was very nervous I'd miscarry again. Earlier this week, my period was due. I began lightly bleeding a handful of days prior to it being due, which made me nervous. Early periods + PCOS usually don't mean anything good (in my experience). But I had a feeling I might be pregnant, even though it's insanely early -- I just know my body. I took a handful of pregnancy tests that all came out positive (this was Monday). I called my doctor because I knew I'd been bleeding and was panicked I was having a chemical pregnancy. I felt triggered, scared, stressed, and emotional. I had my hcg levels tested on Monday (again, this would have been the day my period was due - very early on if pregnant). They were low. The nurse who delivered the results said she thought it very well was a chemical pregnancy. Naturally, I was devastated - sure, it's early, but it's still a heartbreak. It took me so long to feel ready again, and my worst fears were happening once more. It's a lot. My husband told his mom what was going on (I really wish he didn't, but I never told him not to and... well, it's too late now). She had the same "oh it's so early, thank god it happened now and not later" reaction. I tried to ignore it because that's just who she is, and I was too emotional to give her the reaction and confrontation I wanted to. (Side note: my best friend's dad passed away tragically over the weekend and I've been trying to be a support to her all week, so my emotions are not at all stable). Fast forward to yesterday morning, TWO DAYS after finding out I'm likely having a chemical pregnancy again, and she texts me and asks me if she could borrow our old pack 'n play for her husband's grandson (whom she's never met and doesn't give a shit about, but is visiting for the holidays). She said "since it's just sitting in the garage" she<|response|> NTA BUT! You are being very sensitive (which is understandable), when it doesn't sound to me that she is trying to be mean or whatever As for this Christmas, do NOT adress the issue. I know you feel line you have and want to vent out all the pain and anger you have, but she is only a small part of it, and she still is your husband's mother. Give her a bit of a cold shoulder and that'll be enough. No need to confront on what is supposed to be a happy time of the year <|endoftext|>
73874	2	AITA for treating small children like dogs? I always had dogs and Im even a foster home for dogs looking for a permanent home. I also never had kids. A few days ago, my cousin asked me to take care of her 3 small children for the day because she needed to run some not-kid-friendly errands and the sitter cancelled on her. I agreed because, how hard can it be? Very hard turns out. Especially when you have little to no experience with small children. So, I kinda thought "what would I do if I had 3 puppies in my hands?" and did that. Basically giving treats for doing as told, playing with them to make them tired, teaching them dog tricks to make them busy (they got treats for that too), I even made an obstacle course out of toys, tents etc and 2 of them were competing for the best dog award. They loved being dogs! And it gave me time to take care of the youngest one (almost 1 year old) without fearing the other two will break something or themselves. All was well, the day was over. Except I got a call, 2 days later, that the kids still act like dogs, especially whenever something reminds them of the game, including trying to chase a stray cat that they saw while walking to the playground with their mom and barking at other dogs and even other kids. Dont get me wrong, my cousin isnt mad at me or blaming me, but she did seem ultra tired because they wont stop playing the game and I feel guilty for starting all this. So, AITA?<|response|> NAH, Don’t worry Pavlov <|endoftext|>
3839	4	AITA rejecting high tech Am I the asshole? I moved 4000 kilometers away a few months ago. I live with family. My family that still lives in America seem to think that i hate them because I don't text or call, i have trotted the globe (if it really is a globe ha ha) and I did the same thing. When I returned to America I was told by my sister that she thought i hated her because I didn't text.. My close family knows the deal, i fuck with you in person or not at all, it's just how i do things. The same reason i don't watch the news andso forth, it's artificial. I think my father understands it because I came down last time and told my point of view. When I was leaving again I told my sister that I'll come down one day. I think communication over the phone is not genuine and people take texting way too seriously. I don't want people to base my relationship with them solely on text. I have no problems or any sort of predicament with my parents or siblings, whenever i see them in person, it's a fun time. I don't understand why then there would be reason for them to suspect theres bad blood because I haven't texted in 3 months. I just think it's arbitrary for people to have relations over text or lack thereof. Am I an asshole or just old? There's a lot i wanted to convey i hope i did it sufficiently.<|response|> I kinda think you are a bit of an asshole, because you’re treating every relationship as if you’re the only one that matters - you will only make an effort on your terms, when you feel like it. If these relationships aren’t important to you then ok, carry on as you are. However if you do value them then you might need to compromise and drop the occasional phone call or email. Otherwise you risk losing them. <|endoftext|>
140070	5	AITA because I refused a new couple to join in on my trip with my long-distance friend? My college friend and i live about four hours apart so twice a year we meet up at a hotel in the middle to hang out and catch up. This includes our husbands and kids. We let the kids swim in the pool, we have dance parties, we order food to the room, then we let the kids pass out in one of the rooms and stay up and drink in the other. It’s a good time but it really is a cram session of face time since we live so far apart. The last time we met up she called me when i was in the car on my way to the hotel and asked if another family she knows but I’ve never met can join. I played it off cool but told her that i did not want to share my time with her and her family since we don’t get to see them often. Problem was she had already invited them assuming I’d be OK with it and she was miffed that i said no. We talked about it and she said she’d tell the other family not to come. We meet at the hotel but the vibe is weird. She’s acting cold and distant and has a chip on her shoulder. I finally get a moment alone and apologize for the situation and explain how I didn’t want to share my time - I don’t get a lot of time with her and I don’t want to spend it playing third wheel and getting to know another family. She flips and says I’m being ridiculous and we are all adults and it’s not a big deal to meet new people. She also said they were only invited to swim at the hotel, not stay over (that was not clear to me when she asked). I instantly shut down because I’m so hurt that she was not on my side at all. She was genuinely mad. The family she wanted to invite were friends of her husband. I don’t know their history (i was too uncomfortable to ask at this point) but I strongly believe it doesn’t really matter who they were - this was our time together and the way she asked put me in an unfair position. AITA?<|response|> NAH. You and your friend both enjoy these meet ups; she so much that she wanted other people to experience how awesome they are. You felt like it was an exclusive thing, and she thought it was worth sharing. What you have in common is how much you valued getting together. I hope you can both come back to that. <|endoftext|>
13470	4	AITA for Sticking My Nose Where it Didn't Belong? So about a year ago, I learned someone within my friend group (not necessarily someone I liked all that much but I tolerated him because I liked the other people in the group) had an abusive relationship with a girl I knew, both sexually and emotionally, and it really messed her up, as well as another friend who was (at the time) best friends with the two of them. When I learned about this, I was pretty disgusted (specifically on some of the sexual stuff). The aforementioned friend group consisted of mostly girls, and this guy (from now I'll refer to him at R) had done some pretty *jokingly* (as they perceived it) sexual stuff to the girls in the group, stuff that was really creepy but they just sort of laughed at it. Knowing R's history with girls, I wanted to warn them to take that sort of stuff seriously and really not let him get away with that behavior. I told them about R's history with the other girl (which I now regret ever mentioning her, should never have brought her into it and just made it worse for her), and they seemed to really start to bear down on the behavior more, but they continued to be friends with him (I sort of hung out with him occasionally too, but only because of mutual friends and I tried to avoid him as much as possible). &#x200B; After a while, I cut off that group of people for various reasons (partly because they wouldn't stop being friends with R, but also, long story short, they weren't very good friends). I still saw them around school and hung out with them occasionally because, while they weren't good friends, I still cared about them and enjoyed their company. Recently, however, I've gotten nothing but dirty looks and passive aggressive conversation from the group, along with them claiming that the stuff that happened between R and the original girl never happened. This has, by extension, made a lot of other people I know start to dislike me, and I'm not exactly sure why. Am I the asshole for bringing up the topic to the group in the first place? They still hang out with him, and whenever I did still occasionally talk to them, they didn't speak about him fondly, but now all of a sudden they seem to completely side with him and a lot of my old friends don't like me anymore. &#x200B; I probably left stuff out, and of course there are some other things going on but nothing that I could think is significant. I really just want some form of outside view on how I handled the situation, however critical it may be. &#x200B; EDIT: I should have mentioned that I found out about the abuse through the friend that was best friends with R and the girl at the time it was happening, it was a really rough time for him and he came to me about it.<|response|> NTA. There have been several times in my (or my friends) life where I wish I was been warned about a person. One time a friend of mine was raped at a party. A couple of the guys there knew that the rapist (who was from another town, so we did not know him) had done it before. They said nothing, and left him alone with her after she got drunk. I think that you did the right thing. You can't force them to listen, but you can try to warn them. Then what happens next is not up to you. <|endoftext|>
78484	2	AITA for not wanting to be friends with a toxic person? Ok, so backstory. I've went to school with this guy, who I'll refer to as K for now on, for 7/8 years. We just recently started middle school, and the school wants us to be friends. \*sigh\* fine. Not even 1 week later, we start quarreling again. Our teacher pulls K and I with him into the hall, and he says that we should start on blank papers. I'm so ready for this, I'll try my best. 2 weeks later.. K: " Hey Trasj, can I play cards with you? " Me: " Me and (Best Friend) want to play cards just us two, because you always play with us. " K: " Why though? " Me: " We just wanna play alone for today, but you can sit here and talk with us \^v\^ " K: " Ok, but I'm gonna play with you after this round! " Me: " No, I meant like, this recess. " K: " TEACHER! TEACHER!! tEaChEr! " (Runs to get a teacher) " (Me and (Best friend) sigh) (K comes back with a teacher, not the one who talked to us) K: " Teacher, these two are not letting me play with them " T: " Trasj, tell me what's going on? "Me: " Me and (Best friend) just wanted to play (Card game that multiple people can play together) alone "K: " That's not true! They called me names and said that I should fuck off! "I got kinda pissed but before I said anything (Best friend) says: " We said we just wanted to play alone this recess, but that you could sit and talk with us "K: (Starts calling us names)T: (Walks away) Then we stopped playing with him for a while because he kept calling us (mostly me) names. K also kept being all sneaky like and whispering to (Best Friend) when we were on our way to class things like; " Trasj is so not nice, right? " " Trasj probaly doesn't wanna play cards with me because I keep winning (He won the same amount as the rest of us) " So reddit, am I the asshole for not letting him play with us? and/or ignoring K? I also wanna know, what do you think I should do? Edit: I just wanted to thank the few people who commented. So, Thank you so much!! Your advice helped me feel much better about this. Once again, Thank you! Edit 2: Ok so this monday, we talked to a teacher. Once again. They got mad at me because I said "I don't like hanging out around him, sorry. But that's the truth." They wanted us to try *again* which I again, rejected. He had gotten enough chances. I might change schools though, because of this and that I can't get the language I basically *need* to have a life. I'm so fucking dissapointed by the school. Not only do they force people to be friends, but also don't have enough<|response|> NTA And also, what school tries to make people friends? Especially when they know it's not going to work out <|endoftext|>
136690	4	AITA for calling cps on my sister and her boyfriend because their druggies and keep having kids with no jobs?? Okay im not using real names but my sister Eve is 23 years old as has three kids under 3, the youngest being 3 months old and she thinks shes pregnant again. Her boyfriend Adam id abusive, a heroin addict, sells drugs and hops from job to job while being in and out of jail all yhe time. They have burned bridges everywhete by taking advantage of everyone who has let them stay. They are currently living out of a camper like a small tiny camper and a truck with no jobs or money only foof stamps. Adam has a bad temper and is hiding them fron cops and cps and is trying to leave state. I was one of the callers to cps but there have been several because the kids never look like theyre being fed, baghed or even watched Constant yeast infections and rashes. They run out of food and diapers constantly. Now everyone thinks im a bad sister for calling trying to get the kids to a safe place and Yes ive tried to reason with Eve and even offered her a place to live with me if she would leave Adam ad he is the one who is controlling of her but she chooses to stay over protecting and caring for her kids properly. Am i the asshole or what?<|response|> NTA but if it was needed , could you adopt those kids? cos them being on the system is not good either. They need security and love. <|endoftext|>
130109	5	AITA for telling my sister's fiance about her past ** **However, I have seen no convincing arguments about why Josh doesn't deserve to know before getting married, and everyone here has just disregarded his feelings out of hatred for my actions (fair enough).** **Given that, I don't regret my actions, and will do it again if she doesn't tell her future partners before getting married. I am an asshole, but a necessary asshole.** ----------------------------- My sister (30) is engaged to a guy (33), let's call him Josh. Josh is a very well established guy, very nice to my sister and our family, does a lot for us. Josh and my sister announced their engagement a couple of months ago at a family dinner. Obviously everyone celebrates at the news and has a great night.... Except for me. I took my sister aside later in the night and asked her if she had told him about her "past". My sister went through an extremely "sex positive" phase in college and slept with easily over 100 guys (we're twins btw, so always been close). She said it didn't matter, it was the past, etc. Fair enough, it shouldn't matter, but I think Josh deserves to know this before he marries my sister. Not every man is comfortable with marrying someone with such an extensive list of past sexual partners. So anyway I tell her if she doesn't tell him, I will. I give her a month. She doesn't tell him. Meanwhile they're going full steam ahead planning the wedding. I give her one last chance, a few more weeks to come clean, she doesn't. So I told Josh all I knew about her sexual past. He thanks me, but doesn't take the news well. Apparantly my sister has been presenting herself as a sexually-shy kind of girl. (**edit: she lied and said he was her third sexual partner**). Completely blindsided him. He's put the wedding on hold and hasn't spoken to my sister for several days. Says he needs time alone to think. As you can imagine, everyone in my family is blaming me for ruining my sister's wedding (I guess I kind of did). Josh's family is kind of neutral, though they're obviously offering Josh emotional support and thanking me for my honesty. AITA?<|response|> ESH - People can talk about how "the past doesn't matter" until they're fucking blue in the face, but our pasts (the good, the bad, the ugly) are what make us who we are. OP's sister slept with triple digit numbers of people and was lying about it to the man she was going to marry.... why? If she trusted and valued him enough to commit to a legally binding document and a huge, public, social contract, if the relationship was that serious and deep, when the fiancee found out it shouldn't have mattered or she should have told him already. Not trying to get back into the whole marriage =/= commitment bullshit argument that's already been had here...given the fiance's reaction it was apparently a big deal to him, and OP's sister knew it would be an issue because she lied to him about it. So everybody sucks... sister shouldn't have lied, fiancee should've handled the revelation differently, OP shouldn't have interfered with their relationship. But in the long run, they all potentially have something to learn from the situation and this is a good example of why honesty in your relationships is super important. Anyone who feels their INTENDED LIFELONG ROMANTIC PARTNER (married or not) doesn't have a right to know about their past is just burying or avoiding issues they'd be better off dealing with. Edit: thanks for the silver/gold! Didn't think this would be a very popular opinion given the overall tone of the comment section. <|endoftext|>
36851	3	AITA for taking my 3 year old daughter on a van trip. so I have had a pretty shitty year so far, mum died baby daddy is homeless so cant give me child support and I've been a overall mess. the only thing that has been keeping me going is my 3 year old daughter raven. I found a van that was converted to have a bed and a small kitchen for 2000, my dad got it for my birthday present. I have enough money in savings and have spoken to a person that helps with financial issues. so I've decided to travel around my country for 6 months with my daughter. I've moved out of my apartment and I'm more happy, and you can see that raven is more happy. she is super excited. people found out through word of mouth and I've had 1 person come out that was from CPS to make sure my daughter was safe. I've had phone calls from strangers and have had to change my number. and my dad has been getting calls telling him to rescue his granddaughter from me. I'm now thinking I made a mistake and have been a huge mess for a few days. did I do something wrong? was taking my daughter on a 6 month road trip a bad idea?<|response|> NTA as long as it's set up with proper child restraints. Sounds like a fun time before kindergarten starts! <|endoftext|>
132014	3	AITA for not letting a group of teens cross the road? Let me preface this by saying I try my best to be a good driver. Like really good. I have a dashcam, I rarely let road rage effect me as the aggressor or aggresse, I have yet to be pulled over and my record to my knowledge is clean as a whistle. So I was driving back home from work around 8ish. It's finally that time of the year where it still it moderately light out at this time. I'm going along my way, enjoying some music, when the car ahead of me slows down and puts their signal on to turn right. I slow down but keep a steady pace knowing I have enough room to keep moving and get past once the car clears the turn. As I'm about to accelerate I see one leg stick out from ahead of the car and a teen struts into view. I brake and see a group of about 4-6 teens who were about to walk across the road. I give them a polite honk (my car has a very pitiful and non aggressive honk) and start to slowly move forward once the first guy backed up, figuring they know better than to almost walk blindly past a turning car and into traffic. Another guy walks forward and directly in front of my car, spreading his arms out wide. Now mind you there were a few cars behind me, one honked as we were sitting for a little bit. I shake my head at the guy and inch forward a little bit more. He realized that his "plan" to hold traffic to allow his friends to cross wasn't going to work and walked back to the side of the road. I drove by and just about all the teens were yelling at me and flipping me off. I tried to pay no attention and went on my way. The pacifist in me thinks I just should've let them cross, but hell there was no crosswalk and it was a busy road. There were cars driving by on the other side so they would've had to stop that lane too. I guess my conscience wants to know if I was or wasn't the asshole. Edit: This is the US, if that makes any difference.<|response|> ESH, but you have to yield to pedestrians as a matter of law. Even if they are being obnoxious. <|endoftext|>
184040	3	AITA Over Getting Mad At Christian Friend? So as the title states, AITA for getting mad over my friend who is a die hard christian (only when it suits him)? He knows I'm not religious and that I strongly dislike those who push their religion on others. The only times he text me though, is some chain spam christian message out of no where. It is starting to make me mad as it feels he is being insensitive to what I believe. When I tell others though, they say I am over reacting and that I need to respect his beliefs as well. I have never said anything to him about the christian messages after I told him once I don't believe, and he sent about 10 videos about why I was wrong and why Christianity was the only correct answer. He also like to drink (underage) and complaines how the girl who he "loves" is a b¡tch and that she is in a fake relationship (thats another story). So reddit, AITA here?<|response|> NTA, as anyone sending chain emails is being an asshole, but this seems more like you have a general problem with him as a person. I'd just cut contact if he can't respect your personal beliefs. <|endoftext|>
159412	4	AITA for not wanting to meet my cousin’s girlfriend and baby if I don’t get to see my cousin? I am driving home to Wisconsin next week from Colorado and am stopping in Iowa to see a bunch of family I haven’t seen in years. One of my cousins I haven’t seen in like 6 or more years and would love to see him because I haven’t even been able to talk to him since a huge situation broke out in our family. He basically stopped talking to most of us because he had some charges against him that tore his immediate family apart. Now he is talking to his mom and some of our aunts again, including my mom. We are planning on seeing his family but mostly in separate scenarios because of the tension still there. But his mom just messaged me and told me he might not be able to visit because he might be working in the fields because they started seeding. She said she would reach out to his gf, who I have never met before, and see if she and their baby can come meet us. I texted my mom to see if she can talk to her sister and not do that because I haven’t seen my cousin in more than 6 years and if I can’t meet him why would I meet his girl friend? That just doesn’t make sense to me, I guess I get meeting the kid Because she is my second cousin but i don’t know about her. Am I the asshole? Edit 1: I want to keep everyone updated, I don’t know if this will work and / or if people can see it. But I want people to know what happened. I called my cousin and we found a time that worked for both of us. We got it to work and I got to see my cousin! But I want you all to know that I did meet the gf (actually his fiancé, I did not know that) and their baby; she is the cutest 9 month old baby I have ever seen!! So I want everyone to know that there was a very mutual and happy ending with this and my cousin and I will be trying to keep in contact from here on out.<|response|> NAH. Your time is limited. I get it. But, it sounds like to them - the GF is family. And the baby is family. So, I also get why your family would be eager for you to meet them. For family harmony, since there’s already so much drama and tension, you should probably just meet them. <|endoftext|>
105962	4	AITA for wanting my boyfriend to not be on his phone when we go to bed at night? I really like falling asleep cuddling my boyfriend. I cherish the time we spend together in silence, just listening to each others breathing and drifting off to sleep. However, most nights he likes to watch YouTube videos until he falls asleep. I usually just lie next to him and fall asleep before he does while he is still on his phone. Sometimes I spoon him while he watches. His lack of attention towards me at bedtime makes me feel a little neglected... I think that this also affects our sex life because when he is distracted by his phone he doesn’t get turned on or initiate sex. It’s not like this is a problem all the time though, we still have sex fairly regularly. If I try to initiate sex he sometimes doesn’t notice cause he is too focused on the phone. I have told him that I really wish he could fall asleep with me without using his phone but he tells me this is selfish because he enjoys his bedtime YouTube routine and this is what he used to do before we dated. AITA for thinking that falling asleep is something for couples to do together? Or am I just being needy and wanting his attention when I shouldn’t?<|response|> There's nothing wrong with wanting his attention, but you shouldn't expect this to be the norm on how to fall asleep. There's no rule in life that states this is how couples should fall asleep. I'd compromise. See if he'll cuddle you a few minutes before going to sleep. <|endoftext|>
107012	5	AITA for not collecting my 16 year old daughter? I have two daughters with my ex. I have them both 2-3 days a week. This is reasonably flexible and they can come and stay more or less if they please. They are both of an age where they want to see their friends etc...I don't get much notice of change and I'm fine with that. On one of the days that I DON'T have my eldest (16) she plays netball at a place 12 miles from my house, and 5 miles from her mother's house. She asked me to collect her tonight. Initially, I said yes as I figured she would be staying at my house. It transpired that she was staying at her mother's instead. I was busy at the time so asked her if she could get a lift with one of the other players. She said she couldn't as the other player who drives was staying on to referee another game and wouldn't be leaving until an hour later. The trip for me is one hour and 20 minutes. I was in the middle of cooking so arranged a taxi for her and paid for it over the phone. She was collected on time and taken to her mother's house in a trip that took around 10 minutes. I've just had her ranting at me that I would pick up my girlfriend but not her etc...(my gf lives 6 minutes away and I would only pick her up if it were straight from work or similar, not 3 hours later). I then had her mother on the phone ranting at me that I've destroyed my relationship with my daughter and I should be picking her up whenever she asks etc... All this despite it not being my night to have her and having arranged a taxi in my place to save time and hassle for all concerned. Am I the arsehole?<|response|> NTA but be careful. Teenager won't say "I miss you daddy and want to see you, can you come to me just so we can talk for few minute in person?". Overall my father is a big a-hole, there is a lot of reasons for me to despite him. A lot. But you know what I remember the most? How dissapointed I was when I saw my mother coming to pick me up after my classes when he said hell pick me up. I just wanted to see him and talk with him for this short moment that was ride from school to my mother's place... So make sure that you're not damaging your relationship. And, also, that she still knows that she can call you for help and you will get her. If that's the case (if not, then you don't deserve being called dad. Because real parents have their children's back). You know, one time she may want you to pick her up bc she feels unsafe but remembering how big of a problem it is for you she won't. Teenagers' minds work this way. "Dad doesn't love me either way. Why would he care, he has his gf now, she's more important". [I think what concerns me the most is the fact you told her you will pick her up and then changed mind after learning where she wanted to go. You should ask before agreeing. And in situation you happened to be in you should still pick her up and then exalin her why it's not the best idea of you driving her to her mother's place since it's pretty far away. I mean it's over an hour, it's a lot of time - especially for me, european, but she could not get this. Remember, she's just a teenager, she may look or even act mature, but she's not an adult and sometimes and adult has to explain her things. Without making her feel too much dissapointed and unloved. It's hard, but possible]. [Edit: You know what? My mind is clouded by my own feeling for my father and memories of him not picking me up. Because of them: YTA. Because you are it in the eyes of your daughter and you don't care, because you feel justified. Like seriously bro, don't change your mind about picking up your daughter. Ever. You want a child then you want them with all of their stupid teenagers ideas]. <|endoftext|>
159465	4	AITA for posting pix of my son on social media and commenting on his social media? My son is 11 and has an Instagram account. He suddenly became interested in social media. He mainly posts pictures of his artwork, friends doing stupid things, etc. I also have Facebook. My son freaked out that I posted a picture of me kissing him on the cheek on my FB account and demanded that I take it down. I laughed because I highly doubt his friends are checking out on my FB account. I also commented on a few of his videos. For example, there was one of him and his friends doing flips on the trampoline and I jokingly left a comment about being careful. I left another comment about how he still had a baby face and that led to a thread starting with other parents about raising 11 year old boys. He deleted both comments and tried to block me. I asked him wtf and he said he didn't want his dad "trolling" his accounts and it was just for him. I assured him I wasn't trolling him and now I feel like I should shut down his accounts. And no, I'm not going to take down the pix of me kissing him on the cheek.<|response|> YTA. If you’re going to led your child dictate his social media presence (despite being younger than permitted according to Instagram TOS), then let him dictate his social media presence and don’t post pics of him without his approval. This literally just dumbfounds me. You trust your kid enough to let him post pics on the internet, but don’t respect him enough to allow him to choose what’s posted of him? <|endoftext|>
37253	3	WIBTA if I never allowed my future children to go up in their grandfather’s small plane? So my future father in law grew up with a dad who was an amateur pilot and owned a small plane. FIL grew up, got his own pilot’s license, and bought his own plane. My fiancé has copiloted with his dad many times and is interested in getting his license, too, but it is unlikely we will ever have the means to buy a plane (thank God). I have been invited up in this plane many times and have always declined. FIL has assumed I’m afraid of flying and I’ve not argued, even though I’m really not afraid of commercial flights at all. I AM scared to go up in this small plane, which is way more susceptible to mechanic failures/crashes/accidents/whatever than commercial planes, with an amateur pilot, no matter how much experience he has. I have explained to my fiancé in private that riding in these small planes is really not worth the risk and he gets mildly offended, like I’m insulting his dad’s pilot experience or something. I told him to think of all the people who’ve died in small plane crashes. It does not move him. I have also mentioned that I do not want our future kids (whom we will start trying for in 2-3 years) going up in this plane, ever, and he gets similarly offended. I drop the subject because I don’t want to get into an argument about something that won’t be a consideration until years in the future, but I honestly think that when the time comes, it’s a hill I’ll be willing to die on. So. What do you think? Am I overreacting? WIBTA if I deprived my kids of this experience with their grandpa? Edit: Guess I’m TA. Like I mentioned, this won’t even matter until way into the future, but I’ll keep what you all said in mind if/when it comes up— with the kids. I am not getting into that plane, but if it’s important to their dad and grandpa I might be able to live with it.<|response|> YTA. Yes, small planes are more dangerous than commercial ones but they are still probably safer than if they were getting in a car (i dont have evidence for this, I'm just assuming. if there is evidence otherwise please lmk). Are you not going to let them learn how to drive solely because teen accidents aren't so uncommon? They will hopefully remember flying with grandpa for the rest of their lives, not "Mom wouldn't let us have fun with him." <|endoftext|>
130647	4	AITA for giving my boyfriend what he wanted – me sleeping with another man? This one is a lot to unpack and a tiny bit graphic so bear with me… I still feel an incredible amount of guilt and this has stopped me from having relationships. &#x200B; &#x200B; About 1.5 years into us dating, he mentions to me that he’d like to watch me have sex with another man. He’d mention it several times over the next few months so we sat down, seriously talked about it, and I trusted him that he really wanted it so I would go through with it to please him. Pls note we were not having any issues at all and had a really good relationship, with a really strong and open-minded sexual relationship. &#x200B; &#x200B; So, I went on Tinder and found someone. I met the guy in a hotel room that night, we had sex, John had told me to film it so we could watch it together so I put my phone on silent and filmed it. (EDIT: Tinder guy was aware of this and consented to this.) Before the guy came by John had texted me that he basically changed his mind and I didn’t get the text in time. I called him once I read the text after the fact and he answered sounding upset. It was a blur of a conversation. I asked if he was okay, he said no. He said he had changed his mind last minute; too late to stop me…he didn’t want to know that we did it…but he asked me anyway. I felt very conflicted but I told him the truth, but I reminded him that we talked about this and he wanted it and okayed it. He cried, I offered to come over, he rejected my offer and said he didn’t want to see me for a few days and hung up. &#x200B; We talked it out a week later, he told me he loved me but felt very conflicted about it despite him pushing for it. I reiterated that I only did it because he wanted it and I wanted to please him, and he seemed to understand that and not really fault me for it. We never really talked about it after that, just tried to get things back to normal, but they never did. He stopped being affectionate with me, stopped saying he loves me. We only lasted 6 months after this and in those 6 months we had sex only a handful of times, and those times were not the same as before. He’d have to get drunk in order to have sex with me, and when he did, he would be horny and actually get off on the whole thing (asking me details about what happened, calling me a whore for letting another man fuck me) etc. When he was sober or post-orgasm, he’d clam up, and couldn’t stand to touch me or be around me. He started being really mean to me about a month before we broke<|response|> NTA. You didn’t break the terms of your relationship - your ex did. He’s an asshole for holding you accountable for trying to make him happy. Move on and know that there are still people out there who truly know their boundaries , and who won’t punish you for trusting their communicated wishes. <|endoftext|>
8705	5	AITA for asking this question to an artist associate of mine? My friend group invited me to a small art exhibition that was featuring a friend of a friend. After mingling and seeing the other pieces we all crowded around him and his exhibit to talk to him about it. The piece was a one foot tall metalworked and spray painted statue; I would estimate it was made with no more than $100 worth of crafting supplies, but the thing had a price tag of $1500. Me, knowing nothing about art, asked him a question that I thought would help me begin to understand at least some things. I asked him "What did you put into this piece that made you feel like it was worth $1500?" He kind of laughed it off like I has making a joke and didn't answer at all. Was that an inappropriate question? Am I the asshole?<|response|> Hi, I have a bachelor degree in fine art and feel like I can help clarify some things. Your question is valid. However he most likely took offence to your question. He probably didn’t realise that you were just genuinely wanting to understand why the price was so high for something that seems so easy to create. It was coming from a place of ignorance and that’s okay. But by asking the question while he he having his exhibition is probably not the most appropriate place to do so. It probably came off as rude. It’s important to take context into consideration. Asking on reddit is fine, asking a friend who is an artist about the pricing of certain artworks being too high is also fine. Asking an artist who is having an exhibition; while at their exhibition; in regards to their artwork is probably a little insensitive and therefore you came off as an asshole. I know you’re not an asshole but you did come off as one in this particular situation. To answer your question that you had asked him, there is a few things that come into consideration when pricing an artwork. Some of these things are: skill, time spent not only creating the artwork but the time spent on conceptualising the idea, going through trial and errors with different materials and lastly popularity/demand. It’s sort of the same when you buy products. For example you can buy a silver necklace for $20. You can also buy a silver necklace for $200. Why buy the $200 silver necklace that probably didn’t cost much to make? Maybe it was designed by an Etsy artist who created the whole necklace from scratch completely themselves, maybe it’s a popular brand that’s in demand. I’m not sure exactly why your friend priced his work so high. Maybe he has sold plenty of work before and feels like he is at a place that people will purchase his art for that price. Maybe he took a long time to create that concept. Maybe there was a lot of trial and error to get it exactly how he wants it. Maybe the cost to rent out exhibition space is very high and he wanted to compensate by pricing his work high enough to not loose any money. He could have just priced it highly for the sake of it.. who knows. But next time you see an artwork that seems to easy and simplistic to sell at a high price, please consider all the factors I listed above. I hope I helped. EDIT: spelling <|endoftext|>
138670	3	WIBTA If I let my employee(manager) go? DISCLAIMER: This is obviously a burner account as my original account is known by my friends, colleagues and so on. So I run a business in Istanbul, Turkey which is a touristic shop that sells spices and other local products mostly to foreign and local tourists. I do not actually own the company, the original owner of it is my longtime friend and he lets me run the business for him in exchange for a rental fee. (Which is odd because under every formal document there's his signature, he signs them for me. By doing it, he relies solely on my trade because by nature I am getting in debt in the name of him.) So there is a guy in my shop that sells most of the products out of all the employees. I give him all kind of exceptions and try to make him happy (like last week I gave him 5 days off just because he said me he 'felt' such a vacation.) Whenever he feels ill, he comes to the shop, does what he needs to do in order to make shop ready in the first 2-3 hours and then says he feels ill and neither I nor the manager of shop pressure him, we usually let him go to hospital and generally give him an off-day without a paycut. He has been in many scuffles past 3-4 days and constantly discussed harshly with his colleagues. I've been thinking of letting him go for the past weeks as he had discussed with my manager as well, causing hierarchical problems and ego wars within the shop. This morning, I heard that the two have been involved in another discussion and that my manager swears on the said employee. I called them both and listened the story from both sides. They were too angry at each other that I decided it is impossible for them to work together anymore. I told my manager to go out of the office and said the other employee that we should part ways with him. He understood and said he was neither angry nor disappointed at me. He then proceeded to his pocket to show me a paper. He said that yesterday his manager wanted to send him to the bank and take a credit in the name of himself. The manager wrote a paper in the name of my childhood friend (legal owner of the shop) and signed it in the name of him. Now I don't want to step back of my initial decision to let the employee go because he didn't tell me or show the paper to me until he was sure he was fired. I also want to penalize the manager as he embarassed me and I would be worse than dead if my friend found out about this. Now WIBTA if I let both of them go? Is there any other ways to penalize him silently without publicizing the issue because my manager and I have been working together for more<|response|> NTA But honestly, I wouldn’t blame your employee for not coming forward. If you accuse your manager of fraud, and it doesn’t result in him being fired, you’ve just made your life a living hell. The power dynamic there is too one-sided for me to say the employee should’ve felt safe in reporting the fraud. If it were up to me, I would just fire the manager. <|endoftext|>
186633	3	AITA for booking my own room after my friend wants to kick out the other people in our room a day before we fly out? We were floating around the idea but the past weekend we finalized four of us sharing a hotel room for a special event. Armand booked the room, I was able to add myself to the room but once the other two called they told us they couldn’t be added without Armand calling first. Several days later, I recall the group text saying they couldn’t book and follow up, asking Armand if he booked the room. Armand tells me that he hasn’t added anyone, he’s about to lose service as he’s on a mountain, and asks me to tell the other two to find their own room. This is before of the three of us flying out. I don’t want to be the dick kicking out the other two after Armand invited them and I can’t contact Armand, so I book my own room. The morning I’m flying in and getting off the plane, I get a text message. Armand has a room booked for the other two. I tell him I have a room booked. Due to the lack of available rooms, my room is a single king. When I get to the hotel, the single king room is available but the room with double queens is not. So I take the room I booked. Now I’m being told I’m an asshole for backing out and Armand doesn’t want to talk to me. But Armand has been here for almost a week before the rest of us, skiing, and if his priorities were in order, this could have all been avoided. AITA?<|response|> This sounds like a lot of poor communication. He told people they needed a room. You booked a room. <|endoftext|>
139468	2	AITA for telling an employee she's not good enough at her job in front of her coworkers? Background: I am the manager of a sports bar, so all of my employees are anywhere from 18-27 year old females. They are all very pretty, wear cheerleader uniforms, and most of them don't even need the job but their parents are making them work. A couple of months ago, we hired a girl (21 y/o), we'll call her Eve. Every single week, Eve comes to me to talk about her work problems and why she's not making money. Every week I tell her the same thing: you need to have a better attitude, be a team player, take your tables! She always complains that she doesn't make much, but she never wants to take tables, she doesn't run food, run drinks, get ice, roll silverware, etc... Every. Single. Week. Last week, she complained to me that she thought nobody at work liked her. I brought her to the office and explained that she needed to be a team player and help her coworkers out with running duties. She agreed, we had a good shift. I've always felt like she was just an attention-seeker. Looking for any reason at all to be noticed. Anyway... Cut to the beginning of the shift tonight: One of the other girls didn't show up for work, so I asked Darla* to move into that section, because it's a closing section and Darla is a great server and said she needed to make money. Win - win. Ten minutes later, the hostess informed me that Eve was going to trade sections with Darla and close. I track down Eve. Me: That's not how it works. You can't swap sections without asking a manager. Who did you run this by? Eve: ... Darla... Me: Well, that's not going to happen tonight. It's Saturday night. Eve: Why? Me: To be honest, you're too slow and I'm closing tonight and have to be back at 8AM to open and I don't want to be here that late. Maybe another time. Eve goes to the bathroom to cry. One of the other girls tells me about this, so I go try to console her and she doesn't answer me back, so I walk out. Honestly, I don't feel bad because I've had sooo many conversations with her about her performance already and she tried to finesse her way into a better section without consulting another manager. She exits the bathroom after about five more minutes and approaches the other manager on duty, saying she feels management should speak to her with more respect. I feel like I was just being honest, I tried to apologize and just because she didn't get her way, she got upset. So AITA?<|response|> ESH - yeah, she sounds like a crappy worker, but holy shit man *never* scold or criticise employees in front of their coworkers! Like, how did you get to management without learning that simple rule? <|endoftext|>
68797	3	AITA for expecting my fiancé to make the bed? Lighthearted feud here between me and my fiancé. I am a bed maker. I H A T E coming home to an unmade bed. It makes me feel messy and disorganized after a long day. My fiancé does not care about making the bed when you’re just going to get back in it. My fiancé and I have been living together for a little over a year and a half. Those first few years, I made the bed every day, which was fine with me. At the time, I was a law student and he worked early mornings at a coffee shop, so I was always the last one out of bed in the morning. Fast forward to now, and our schedules have completely switched. I am an attorney and work pretty typical hours (8am to 6pm). My fiancé is a social worker that works primarily with kids, so his day doesn’t begin until his clients have settled into their school day (around 9:30am). He gets up after me, and he NEVER makes the bed. Plus, our dog lays in it while we’re gone and gets dog hair all over the sheets! He does tons of chores around the house—laundry, dishes, vacuums—so I feel like this is petty of me but it really drives me crazy. I’ve offered to walk the dog in the morning to compensate for him making the bed, but he wants to walk the dog when he gets up. After her walks, she gets riled up and won’t let him sleep. So... AITA if I keep nagging him to make the bed?<|response|> NAH You think this is just one simple thing he could do to help you out, and you're right. But from his side, this is the one chore he hates doing. You're both being reasonable <|endoftext|>
16793	3	AITA for firing pupils over late payments? I offer tuition to children from my home. The parents are asked to pay me by bank transfer at the start of the month and this is written out in their contract. Some folks do this manually and others set up a standing order where the bank automatically sends my fee across. G has sent their children for lessons with me since May 2018. In October G was 2 weeks late paying me. In November G was 3 weeks late paying me. Both months I texted reminders and reminded G face to face. G never brought it up with me or premptively apologised for paying me late, it was me who had to bring it up with them each time. G also never mentioned a reason or apologised for paying me late just that "it's been paid now". After being paid 3 weeks late in November I made it very clear that according to our contract I was to be paid at the start of the month. I asked that they do this in future and consider setting up a standing order. In December a few days passed without payment and I contacted G again. They said they were unsure about my holiday dates and told me that they planned to take Christmas day off that month and asked how much that changed their fee to (it actually didn't change their fee. My fee is averaged out each month and this is detailed in our contract). I confirmed that I would also be taking Christmas day off and asked them to pay me. G paid me and said they would set up a standing order for January. This month 12 days passed with no payment. I did not chase G for my fee this time. Instead I gave them 10 days grace (taught their kids once in that time span) and then offered their lesson time to someone else. I texted them yesterday to say I didn't think things were working out and gave them a couple numbers for other tutors to try. G said they were "very sorry", they had set up a standing order but saw that it had accidentally been set up for 1st December 2019 instead of 1st January 2019. They sent me a screenshot of this. I replied to say that I had already passed their lesson time on to someone else. Am I the asshole for not chasing them up a 4th month in a row? If the standing order mistake is true then am I the asshole for assuming that they just forgot to pay me again? I saw them FTF last week and G didn't mention setting up a standing order and didn't ask if the fee had come through. Am I the asshole for not asking them? Other points that made me decide to finally drop them: they only paid me on time in June and September 2018. They paid me late in May, October, November, December 2018 and not at all this month. They took<|response|> NTA. You need consistent and ontime payments to support yourself, you had to chase them for 3 months, good on you for adhering to your contract. <|endoftext|>
155294	2	WIBTA if I don’t accept my father-in-law’s friend request on Facebook? My husband hardly has any contact with his side of the family. His family is incredibly toxic. Lots of substance abuse problems and more. I don’t really want to get into the family history, but just assume the worst. He didn’t have any support from his family through college. No one from his side was at our wedding. For a while his family starting hitting us up when they wanted money, but my husband put a stop to that. He basically only has any contact at all with his dad, which is a short phone call once or twice a month. I’ve only met three members of his family - his father and 2 uncles. I have no connection to any of them. His dad was actually quite hostile towards my parents the one time they met, and bad-mouthed them to my husband afterwards. My parents have treated my husband like their own son and have supported him much more than his father ever has. His father just sent me the friend request out of the blue and I don’t know what to do. I don’t talk to him and considering how poorly he has treated both my husband and my parents, I have no desire to have any contact with him. He was a bad father to my husband, and an even worse one to my husband’s half-siblings. I don’t want someone like him in my life. I also feel bad though, because I don’t want to shun him. I support my husband having a relationship with his father as long as the boundaries stay in place to keep it from being toxic. I don’t want to turn someone away who is reaching out. Technically he is still family. Facebook friendship doesn’t mean anything, but I still feel hesitant. He tries to make my husband feel bad for his success, and if he sees photos of our vacations or something I’m concerned he would bother my husband about it or ask for money. He’s a manipulative man. I also don’t want me rejecting the request to make their relationship even worse. Since he is manipulative, I’m sure he would give my husband grief if I don’t add him. This whole thing seems so stupid and I don’t know what to do. NOTE - my husband has already told me he would not be offended at all if I don’t accept the friend request.<|response|> NTA. Your loyalty is to your husband, not his toxic father. <|endoftext|>
41245	5	WIBTA If I asked my gf to kick her friend/ex out? Just some context, I'm in a lesbian LDR with my gf. We're literally halfway across the world and we've been dating for about a 1 year and half now. We've met up a couple times and we have plans on her moving in with me here by end of this year. Her lease is coming up so she'll be moving in with her brother instead of renewing the lease. Her current living situation is that she lives with her ex gf of 3 years. I didn't find out until after a year of us dating. And she explained to me that when we met they were already basically broken up. The ex was already dating some guy, and that she has already moved on months before we started talking but she kept it hidden from me because she didn't want that to hinder what we have. After she told me a few months ago, at first I was so bothered and I would think about the times when she would tell me how a couple times they've cuddled to help each other sleep. But my gf assures me she doesn't care for her. The ex treats her badly, doesnt talk to her at all ever since the ex found out about me back when we first started dating. We video call all the time and the ex would always leave the room (oh yeah they share a room and bed) whenever we video call. My gf always complains to me about how she is always paying for everything, the ex doesn't pay rent and very rarely does she ever contribute any money towards anything. However she is proactive around the house, cleaning and washing and cooking. Just recently she stopped doing as much. The thing that torns me is the ex has no where to go, I'd feel bad. The ex now has a gf but i don't know the situation whether the ex's gf is willing to accomodate the ex. The ex has a job but i don't think it's enough to support herself, the past 4 years my gf has always provided for her. And to top it off the ex's father has cancer. It would be pretty shitty if she doesn't have somewhere to stay but at the same time I feel like she's overstayed her welcome. TLDR: I trust my LDR gf whole heartedly despite myself getting jealous at the thought of them staying under the same roof and bed. I know she would never do anything, I just feel uncomfortable plus the ex always taking advantage of my gf to the point that my gf would just give in so that there's no drama. But the ex cant provide for herself, she has no where to go. WIBTA if I ask my gf to kick her out?<|response|> NTA. I get why she would hide it *at first* but it just doesn't sit right with me that she waited so long. It's ultimately going to be up to your gf to kick her out but I don't think you should feel bad telling her that it would make you more comfortable if she did kick her out. It's not healthy for your gf or that ex for so many reasons, and it's not your job to feel guilt for that ex if she were kicked out. Like you said she's not paying anything to stay there. <|endoftext|>
25199	4	AITA for asking my grandma to stop talking about war related things when my parents are away this weekend in a high tension zone? So for context my mom is a yoga teacher and my dad is a photographer. They left today to work with a campaign of ONU that involves both victims and former members of the guerillas, in an area that is still dangerous and that has issues with armed groups. Before leaving and as I was saying good bye to her, my mom even reminded me that anything could happen and gave me the name of the funeral service they have and some directions regarding a project she has next week, just in case. So a little time after they left my grandma and I are having lunch and she keeps talking about people that have been kidnapped, about some journalists that were killed in the frontier, about how the “clan of x” was fighting with the “clan of y” , etc etc. After a while I couldn’t take it anymore and asked her to please change the subject to something lighter because I was feeling uncomfortable and more anxious. I already have an overly active imagination and I didn’t need the extra ‘worry material’ My comment didn’t sit well with her and she proceeded to tell me that she never knew how to speak to me because I would always scold her. Then she then brought up other situations, some from 2 years ago, that pretty much boiled down to the fact that she asked me to do a favor (a time consuming favor) and I, in her words, “just ignored her”. Most of the times I didn’t get to do those things because I was busy with Uni or because I genuinely forgot. She then said that I always made her feel worthless and because of that she didn’t know how to speak to me and she even told me that I should consider going to a therapist because she didn’t think it was ok for me to always speak up my mind when something was bothering me. I understand that she might be feeling bad because sometimes we don’t have a lot of things in common. When I try to talk with her about things that I do she doesn’t pay attention or makes an off handed remark and when she talks about the things that she likes I am interested in some of them, but others I just don’t care about but try listen to her and then excuse myself to do something else. All in all I feel that she ended up painting me like some sort of bully and I would really like to have a second opinion. AITA?<|response|> NAH I'm guessing you're Ukrainian and you have a slavic grandmother. It's not her fault for being raised this way, it's pretty common with slavic grandmother's. <|endoftext|>
102728	3	AITA since I skated out on the bill with coworkers. Before I get destroyed by all the waiters/waitresses on Reddit I acknowledge i am the asshole. BUT let me tell the situation and let me know to what degree of assholery I have achieved. So I went out with some coworkers to a restaurant that's open til 2 am. We arrived and the whole party of 11 was seated by 1230. So it's not like we were egregiously late. When we get there the waiter was very kind and cool and said to hold on he forget his pad but he was gonna take out drink order. He was back quickly and we begin ordering drinks. I don't drink but several of my friends ordered some beers and I ordered a coke. It wasn't til after they ordered a specific beer that he mentions they are 1 dollar. Well obviously everyone (except me) changed their order to 1 dollar beers. We also asked for menus and utensils because no one brought them. He returns timely with the drinks and the menus and all was swell. By this time it was about 1240. After maybe 10 minutes he comes back and they order a second round of drinks. Again he brings them out, not as fast as before but not a huge deal. He mentions that they are running out of glasses which is fine we were totally understanding and in no rush. I mention to run me 1 more coke when he can. I still had Hal a glass so I wasn't in a rush. As he brings the second round we are also ready to order, which we do. A mix of entrees and appetizers and we pretty much let him know to keep the beers coming. There was no mention of the kitchen closing or last call...I'm sure you can see where this was going. At this time it was around 100. At about 130 we were getting fairly annoyed because he hasn't brought out the third round of drinks. Right as we were talking about it he comes with the round. Great 👍🏽 we let him know just keep them coming. After this a manager comes out to our table. She says that she has bad news. X appetizer is not available so choose something else. Also the kitchen is closed so we can only make fried foods. Uhhhhhh ok no biggie we only orders a couple of those so we just get wings. She adds, oh one more thing Y entree is not available. Wtf. This was only my reaction because Not only did I order appetizer X but I was also the only person who ordered entree Y. I am not a rude person at restaurant I usually just accept whatever I get no matter what so I just said ok let me have a menu. Once I get the menu the waiter leaves. I look at my friends and I'm like fuuuccckk. How the hell am I suppose to know what is fried and what isn't.<|response|> Well it's a dick move to not pay but your time is valuable too. You should've informed management and then left. You guys tried but I say a 5.5/10 <|endoftext|>
190181	4	AITA for being angry with my mom and brother? So for reference, this happened years ago but my butthead brother brings it up to rub it in my face every chance he gets which is one of the MANY reasons we don't speak anymore. when I was about 10, my maternal grandmother gave my mom her wedding ring. In turn, my mom PROMISED me that she would pass it down to me when she died. Fast forward to 2010. Unbeknownst to me, she GAVE it to my oldest brother (henceforth known as butthead) so that he could use it for an engagement ring for his now wife. Well, he decided he didn't like it, so he took the 2 karat diamond out of it to put into a new setting he liked and sold the gold band for scrap to be MELTED DOWN! Again, I didn't know any of this happened at the time. Fast forward to 2012 when my parents came out for a visit (we didn't live in the same state). I notice she wasn't wearing the ring (she always wore the ring). She nonchalantly said that she had given it to my brother etc. I was absolutely LIVID!!! It's not the fact that it was a 2 karat ring, and she gave it away, it could have been my grandma's favorite bouncy ball for all I care. It's the fact that it was PROMISED to me, she reneged on it, didn't bother to tell me, and then got angry with me that I was upset! It was the only thing I would have had from my grandmother and now it's gone! On top of that, my brother had absolutely no respect and just destroyed the ring and scrapped what he deemed unimportant! So tell me, AITA for being angry with my mother and my brother?<|response|> NAH. Things change, people change their minds. I learned that until something is actually given to you it’s not yours in a very difficult way and it took me a long time to let this go but I regret the years I wasted on anger and resentment when I could’ve just been happy. The memory of your grandmother should not die with a ring. <|endoftext|>
163238	3	AITA for using the communal space, even though I don't pay rent? a previous thread reminded me of this situation with my uncle. brought it up to my coworker and they are telling me I'm in the wrong, so wanted a second opinion. I'm 25 and my uncle is in his late 30's, for perspective. I used to live rent-free with my uncle, for about a year. The arrangement we had was exhausting - I lived there without paying anything, in exchange, I would put in all the labor to build him a deck and repair his fence over the course of the spring and summer (deck is about 6x8 and fence is circling about 2 acres, for perspective). I've also helped do random house work, like help fix some electrical issues in his garage, and I do upkeep on the lawn. I didn't have a room with space for a tv, so I used the common area once a week to play board games with my friends. Sometimes, my pals and I will be in the middle of a game, when he comes in and gets on the phone. He talks very loudly, to the point it's distracting. I asked him to leave, and he got angry at me saying this was his house, his space, his rules. I told him I didn't think this was fair, considering we were here first, and I always have my planned space the same time every week -- it's literally the only time I use the living room, and he agreed to it before that I could use the space. But he does this often, he will barge in and start talking to my friends, getting on the phone, or sometimes even turn on the TV and watch it while we're there trying to have our game night. (Before you ask, no, there is no real alternative space we can use that can fit us all.) My coworkers agree that it's his house, he should be able to take a phone call in his house...but there's no reason he can't watch TV in his room, or take a call in there. He NEVER uses this TV, either, only when my friends are here, or in the mornings before work. Any other night of the week, he watches TV in bed! I almost feel like he's doing it to be spiteful? AITA?<|response|> I'd say NTA. You had a living arrangement. As long as you kept your end of the bargain and did the house work, you're allowed to use the communal room (unless he specified that you couldn't from the beginning) <|endoftext|>
162792	2	AITA for using scented products when my boyfriend claims to be allergic? Throwaway on mobile etc. My boyfriend and I have been together for 5 years, living together for 4. When we first moved in, he told me he has terrible allergies to scents and then anything he uses or touches needs to be unscented, and that I can't put on perfume in the house or use heavily scented soaps/lotions etc. He also can't do any cleaning that involves cleaners other than unscented soap. I don't know why he didn't bring it up before we moved in together - considering he knew about my extensive collection of scented candles, perfume, and general love of things that smelled nice but okay. I'd put perfume on in my car, I stashed my candles away, I bought unscented products. For about a year. But then, I noticed something. He only reacted to things if he knew they were scented. eg. One time he accidentally bought a scented fabric softener that we both used for 3 weeks without noticing before I pointed it out to him. At which point, he started coughing, choking, complaining he couldn't breathe etc. This kind of thing kept repeating, until finally one day he went on a business trip for a week. Because he was gone I broke out one of my diffusers...and then I forgot about it. Two weeks after he came home, I remembered, quietly tidied it away and nothing. He didn't have an allergic reaction the entire time, he never mentioned it, never complained. I've tried to talk to him about this but he refuses to believe me. I have shown him evidence, multiple times, that he's completely fine with scents unless he \*knows\* it's scented. It's totally a placebo effect. But he refuses to believe me. Says that's not true. For the past 2.5 years or so, I've been using scented products. I light scented candles. I have a diffuser in the living room. He's had ZERO problems with his allergies. Literally, as long as he doesn't notice the diffuser or see me put on the perfume there is NO reaction. Nothing. And then today he noticed the diffuser. He immediately starting coughing, choking, asking if I was trying to kill him, complaining that he couldn't breath. When I told him it's been sitting there for at least six months without him having any problems, he said I've been gaslighting him, that this is fucked up. So, AITA?<|response|> NTA, he is clearly lying to you. But why? Nothing about what he is doing makes any sense. <|endoftext|>
112598	2	AITA for asking my dad’s girlfriend to leave while my grandad was dying **This is a repost because I needed to add more info** My grandad was in the hospital and a ton of family/friends had been in and out. My dad’s girlfriend was constantly there, even when my dad was at work or off doing something. I was there too. I’ll call her Betty. Betty had helped my grandad out a lot with grocery shopping and stuff. I think she really cared about him. Since she was always there and other people were in and out, I never got a chance to have alone time with my grandad while he was in the hospital. At this point, he couldn’t talk or move but he could still hear what we would say to him. I wanted some time to tell him how much I love him and how much I’ll miss him, etc. I didn’t feel comfortable doing all of that with my dad’s girlfriend there. We have never been close even though she has been around for 4 or so years. I didn’t want to ask her to leave so I texted my dad and asked him to. He told her that I wanted some alone time with my grandad. He told her that she could stay (that’s all I know about their conversation over text). She confronted me about it and I told her I wanted some time to talk to my grandad and she said “Your dad said I could stay and I have the right to be here. I’m Not leaving.” I was annoyed and raised my voice a tad and said, “I would really like some space right now since my grandad is dying. I want to talk to him without anyone in here.” She refused to leave and just sat in the room with me not talking. So I waited it out until my dad got there (4-5 hours later). It felt like my dad or Betty didn’t trust me to take care of my grandad. I’m 20 and I could’ve taken care of him by myself. I had been there for a few days straight (sleeping there) and had watched the nurses and my dad take care of him. I spoke to him privately and told him I wanted some time with my grandad. I was crying because I didn’t think I was going to have any alone time with my grandad. I also wanted some time with my dad alone too with my sister (some family time). I didn’t want her to leave all together, just for an hour or 2 so we could have some time. I think he understood so he ended up asking her to leave. She left and she broke up with him the day of the funeral. She was mad that he asked her to leave. AITA? I think she was being inconsiderate.<|response|> NTA- there was an asshole in the room but it was not you. <|endoftext|>
169383	2	AITA for putting away laundry at 11pm in an apartment? This happened a few weeks ago, but it’s really been sitting with me. I’m starting to feel guilty, but my husband thinks we did nothing wrong. Need an outside opinion! We live on the top floor of an old, pre-war NYC building and have been here for 3 years now. The unit below us is a full-time Airbnb rental. (Totally against the lease, but that’s a different story.) The last time we sent laundry out (no machines in the building and no nearby laundromat), it didn’t get delivered until 9:30p. We relaxed a little before starting to put it away slash packing for our upcoming vacation. It was probably around 11p. Every few minutes we hear a banging noise, but we shrug it off. About 15 minutes later, someone knocks on our door. My husband answers it - it’s a British woman we’ve never met before. She says she’s below us, has to wake up early, and we’re being very loud. She claims she can hear us “running around,” and we are being rude since it’s 11. She “banged on the ceiling and we still wouldn’t be quiet.” She also mentions something about how the woman in the unit next to us is asleep ... not sure why that was relevant or how she would know. My husband tells her we weren’t stomping around but apologizes, and she leaves in a huff. At first I was mad. She doesn’t even live here, and we weren’t running or stomping, just doing normal things. But then I started to feel bad, because while I don’t think we were unusually loud, we also weren’t trying to be quiet. Plus, we don’t have a rug in that room since our pet rabbit stays in there most of the time and gets hay everywhere, and maybe that’s on us. Honestly, if we had a full time neighbor below us, we’d probably get a rug. But since it’s just an Airbnb (which can get loud and annoying), we cant be bothered. This is still on my mind a few weeks later. Were we assholes? Edit: I think what’s hanging me up is the rug thing. It does actually say in the lease that 80% of the floor should be covered with rug. This is pretty standard in NYC leases to help with noise but in my experience most people don’t follow this to the letter. We are good in the living room but our bedroom has no rug.<|response|> NTA It's not like you were vacuuming. Said individual could have put in some ear plugs <|endoftext|>
189374	3	AITA for forcing my cancellation policy even though the kid was sick? I babysit for a few families in my spare time for extra money (Full time, I’m a teacher). They’re all great, but in the past I have been burned by others so I do have a 24 hour cancellation policy. It states that if they cancel with less than 24 hours of our scheduled time, I will still receive what I would’ve made that night. I do this because I could’ve had another gig lined up. All my families are aware of this. I was due to watch two children on Saturday night. I get a call Saturday morning, saying the youngest was rushed to the ER. He had a bad case of the flu. The mom had decided to stay home with the kids that night. I agreed that was best, so no one else got sick. I waited a bit before texting “Just a reminder I do have a cancellation policy. Please Zelle me our agreed upon amount at your earliest convenience.” The mom texted me back saying that it wasn’t like they cancelled for no reason, that I myself said I wouldn’t have watched the child since they were sick. Which is true, however, my policy still stands. The mother got very upset, but did Zelle me the money. Later on, she texted me and said “As per your policy, I’m texting you in advance to let you know we won’t need you for next week. We’ve found other care.” I told my boyfriend this and he said he doesn’t blame them. To him, I shouldn’t have charged the policy for reasons outside of their control. Was I wrong to do so?<|response|> Info: would you have babysat the sick kid if they had asked you to? If not, it's more of a mutual cancellation, and charging them would be unfair. A cancelation fee is charged because you are willing to perform, but they are not. It is not appropriate when you are unwilling to perform. <|endoftext|>
107054	5	AITA for telling my mom I'm not coming for thanksgiving? I'm 16 and when I was 11 my mom went to Salisbury because she was an addict. I'm living with my grandparents 2 hours away and she's been living in Salisbury since and right now she's dating this manipulative asshole that I despise and hate. I was gonna go with my little sister to see her for thanks giving at her boyfriends sisters home and stay until at my moms until Sunday. But keep note his entire family are drug addicts. They offered her coke multiple times and she relapsed, they also knew she was an addict. That's why I don't wanna go because I'm gonna have to pretend to be happy and loving even though I'll be fantasying them all being murdered because I have a burning hate for all of them because of what they did. But the reason why I feel horrible for this is because this is going to be my moms first thanksgiving without her mom and dad (they both died back to back this year.) I feel very selfish for doing this and I don't talk to anybody about my emotions so I'm posting on here for opinions.<|response|> Wow this post hits close to home. Mummy attempted suicide when I was 14, I did the same thing as you and moved in with my grandparents. Around the same time she got involved with manipulative and abusive and dangerous people. No, you aren't an asshole, but don't take this too far. Don't completely leave your mom because of the bad choice of addiction. Abusive relationships, although a lot of people these days are making them SEEM like a choice and like its consentual on both sides, they really aren't. Keep your distance of you have to, keep yourself and your sister safe from this guy first. There will be other times to see your mom, make sure you take them. Maybe ask her to go for coffee instead? <|endoftext|>
38897	3	AITA for kicking my visiting mom out? Throwaway and on mobile. My mom has been staying with me in my 1 BR apartment for 10 days. I invited her to help her get out of a bad situation. It was originally supposed to be for 3 weeks, but after she got here she said she expects to be here longer. At that point, I said she could stay until the end of June, but absolutely no longer. My mom is 65 and has never kept a steady job. She refuses to learn how to use a computer and is therefore constantly asking me to look up everything for her. She has no skills. Before coming to visit she talked about getting a place with a friend. She told me that fell through because the friend would not respond. Two days after she arrived, she ignored a call from her friend saying "that's 8 times..." I knew it would not be easy having my mom around, but she has made my life incredibly difficult. She refuses to do anything for herself. That includes looking stuff up, but also driving places, doing the dishes, taking out the trash, and picking up after herself. She constantly ignores what I say, like the fact that I'm in a diet. I pay for everything, and I generally dont mind. However, she complains about how much everything costs, but then in the next breath suggests we do something expensive. I've been slowly getting angrier and yelling some. Her birthday is coming up, so I offered to take her to a comedy club and get her a cooking class that she had expressed interest in. She then responded that she thought I was taking her to a casino. (Backstory is that my mom has a gambling problem and I have told her repeatedly including that morning that I would NOT take her to the casino but that she could go herself.) At the point I had had enough and lost my cool. I told her that I was in the verge of kicking her out but that I did not want to. I explained that I cannot get any space from her, physically emotionally or mentally. She didn't really respond. I gave her until the morning and said we would talk then. The next morning she said she would try to give me space. I responded that I was sorry I lost my cool and that I didn't want to be a person who kicked her out. I told her she could stay until the end of June and I would not threaten her to be kicked out again with 2 exceptions. She was not allowed to smoke in my apartment and she could not bring back in her jacket that she wears when she goes out to smoke (she put her cigarette butts in the pocket and it reeks.) She agreed and offered to cook. I told her she didn't have to. I got home and she had cooked a meal that didn't fit my diet. I felt<|response|> NTA You own the place, and you made specific rules that she broke. You gave a simple request, and it was not followed, so you're not an asshole for kicking her out. <|endoftext|>
79528	2	WIBTA telling my coworker to stop shipping his personal packages to the office? So I get people shipping packages to their workplace, especially for things that are expensive. But I would imagine that this sort of thing is done infrequently and that the person processing mail doesnt mind the occasional package headed their way. Take my coworker however. If going by the grocery store wasn't on the way home for him, I could see him ordering his groceries off Amazon. Since hes started he frequently gets 3-5 packages shipped here a week, anything from the size of an envelope to a full size guitar that took up a chunk of our office that day. Today, while he was out, 6 packages showed up for him alone. Last he shared, he lives in a gated community which I would imagine is less prone to porch pirates than most places. Our office manager is positive person and says they see it is a chance to get up and around for the day, but I dont know if that's actually how they feel. I on the other hand, think this has far surpassed what is reasonable and believes he should go to the post office once a week instead of make it someone else's consistent problem. Perhaps I'm being too hasty in my judgement though? Perhaps this is more common and accepted than I currently believe? EDIT: It seems like the consensus is that I should not say anything, as this is in my office managers/boss's wheel house to address if it is a problem. This seems like the best course of action after reading all your replies. Thank you all for your input.<|response|> You are neither the person that processes the mail or the office manager, so why is this any of your concern? YWBTA <|endoftext|>
89688	3	AITA for buying gifts for my stepdad but not my stepmom? Posting for my roommate. AITA for buying Christmas gifts/souvenirs for my stepdad but not my stepmother? I (26f) have always had a great relationship with my stepdad but a pretty tense one with my stepmom. Over the 7 years she has been with my father she has repeatedly not invited me and my sister to “family” events, accused us of stealing her alcohol, bashed and refused to be around my mother who has never been rude to her, forced my dad to include her on family tradition guys trips and said that anything she purchased can’t be used by me or my sister. I see my dad a lot less because he is always doing things with her family and I just don’t feel welcome. For Christmas I give my dad his present and don’t get her anything. But I get my mom and stepdad gifts. When I go on trips I often buy a souvenir for my stepdad, mom and dad but not my stepmom. AITA for getting gifts for my stepdad but not her?<|response|> NTA. Just because you’re doing something kind for one person does not mean you have to do something kind for someone you don’t care for. <|endoftext|>
97603	2	AITA for yelling at a 5 year old? I was doing homework and my 5 year old cousin walked into my room and asked for my phone. I said no, sorry, because I was using my phone and his mom didn't want him to watch small screens. So I said "sorry, I'm using my phone" . He said" but youre doing homework." I told him I was going to take breaks every hour and I would use my phone for that. He left the room. 2 minutes later, he walked back into my room and said he was 'actually bored'. I told him to play with some toys and he left. 2 minutes passed again and the same cycle repeated about 5 times. On the 5th time, I gave up and turned off my background music to give him my kindle fire to watch YouTube. 5 minutes later he came and silently pointed at my phone. I lost it and screamed" I said no a million times! Leave me alone!" He ran out of the room. The next day, his mom called me and scolded me for " abusing him" I said I just talked at him and she said it is completely unacceptable. AITA?<|response|> NTA - you yelled. Nothing physical happened. He was told no multiple times. <|endoftext|>
2805	3	AITA for wanting to know how much money my [17F] GF [17F] spent? My girlfriend recently went on a trip to Singapore where she spent a large sum of money on clothes or something. She won't even tell me what she got. I asked her how much she spent & she refused to answer me, saying "I would rather not disclose...HAHAHA. So I guess you can tell how much from there." This made me feel frustrated and worried because we both agreed to save up for the future that we were planning (e.g. moving out of our parents' houses, travelling a little bit, investments, etc.) but she won't be transparent about what she spent. But at the same time...maybe I don't have the right to know. Am I the asshole for feeling frustrated over this? I already communicated my problem to her but she brushed it off saying she only made big purchases every so often & that it was worth it (even though I don't know what "it" is). TLDR; GF won't tell me how much she spent. I'm worried that she isn't taking our future seriously. AITA for overreacting and being too controlling or demanding?<|response|> As long as she pays her portion of whatever you all agree upon for moving out and then for bills, it’s really not your business. If this is frustrating that much, now is the time to figure out if things like this are deal breakers for you. <|endoftext|>
125297	1	AITA for smoking pot in my backyard? For starters I live in a state where it’s fully legalized. My girlfriend and I have been living together for about eight months. We live in a nice neighborhood mostly of young families or retirees. This is the time of year where people are outside in the evening. The majority of the time we have lived together it has been cold so when we went outside nobody else was outside due to the weather. One night this week I was smoking a joint in my backyard around 9 PM. All of a sudden I hear my neighbor loudly yell about how the neighbors (me) should “smoke dope in our own fucking house.” We don’t smoke inside because we have children. Tonight we heard the neighbors and their kids eating outside and watching a hockey game so we decided not to smoke out there because that’s Assholeish without question. Since then I’ve been wondering “am I an asshole for smoking in my own yard in a legalized state?”<|response|> NTA - You aren’t doing anything wrong. <|endoftext|>
37089	3	AITA for leaving my car running for five minutes while parked to finish up a call? So I just had an aggressive exchange from my neighbour who came out into the street to yell at me for leaving my car running for five minutes. She claimed it was uncomfortable for the neighbours and environmentally unfriendly. She looked pissed, as pissed as a self righteous old lady can. But the thing is, I was on the phone to my mother, who is literally a half a world away, for mothers day. My mother is super anxious and I was using skype (I have unlimited data) - so I wasn't sure if turning off the car would cut the call because of the bluetooth connection and I didn't want to freak her out (it's been a while since we had a phone call). Before anyone asks, I was calling from my car because the time difference just worked out better that way. I was also speaking, clearly, English on this call. So the fact that this lady just went off at me in German was a bit over much to me. The way it went down has really irritated me, because the neighbour just yanked open my passenger side door to yell at me, and slammed my door when she was done. That really irritated me a lot. So she must think me sitting in the car for 5 mins finishing up a call is a real asshole move? Is it? I'm also not sure why it would have been uncomfortable for the neighbours? Noise? Exhaust? Both? What am I missing in this scenario? Am I really an asshole? TL;DR: I got yelled at by a neighbour for sitting in my running car for five mins to finish up a mothers day phone call with my mum who is on a different continent.<|response|> NTA, it sounds like your neighbour very much overreacted. It is bad for the environment and Bluetooth can easily be transferred back to the phone but opening your car door to berate you and then slamming it shut when done is a violation of space and privacy (and potentially your safety). <|endoftext|>
187012	3	AITA for not going to college? A little context here: I'm 17, my family is in poverty, and I don't have the grades for college. I'm supposed to be a first gen college student, and while I was accepted to a few great schools (at least for me), I'm not totally sure I want to go. I told my mom this and she blew up saying that college was my only choice for a career field. No, it's not. There are tons of other careers I can go into without going to college. I want to go into phlebotomy. While it doesn't pay much, I can make a career out of it. I have money I got from my grandma to 'pay for college' but it's not even enough for a semester in these times. Maybe she thought college was still as cheap as it was in her day? I'll never know. I just know I can't afford college without private loans, and those really aren't an option for me. So AITA for not wanting to go/not going to college?<|response|> You're NTA for not wanting to go to college in this situation, but as a fellow applicant, I suggest you look at scholarships and other programs that can help you get an education. In today's market, many jobs require a degree and if you are interested in those careers, it will go a long way. If you need help figuring this college stuff out, just PM me and I can share some of the things I know about. I have applied to a bunch of schools and am expecting a near full ride to a top 10 business school. <|endoftext|>
116640	5	AITA for not knowing my wife well enough My wife and I have been having difficulties lately. We have been married for 5 years. She was sick with a cold and I stayed home to help her and with our young son who didn’t have school that day. I was about to take our son out to run some errands because she said she wanted to rest. As I was leaving, I asked her if she needed anything before I left. She said that it doesn’t help when do that. It just makes her sad because it feels like I don’t know her and I should know what she does or doesn’t need. She also said that she doesn’t expect me to read her mind but I should try harder and shouldn’t have to be told everything to do.<|response|> It depends on what’s going on that’s causing difficulties. Maybe she’s overworked? The extra labor that comes with running the household (food, household duties, the planning of everything that has to be done, etc.) can run you down really quickly if you’re not feeling appreciated. Maybe try picking up some of the slack, without asking her what needs to be done. Sit down and ask her if there’s anywhere in her daily life she could use some support. It’s also possible she mentioned something to you previously that you’ve forgotten that she does need and she’s feeling disappointed that you forgot. <|endoftext|>
73195	3	AITA the asshole for not wanting to visit a castle? So, my parents gifted me a trip to England, as a reward for my good grades. I was really exited, and the first two days were wonderful. But now, on the third day, my Mom wants to visit the hever castle, and the down house, things I'm really not interested in. I wanted to go to a wildlife reserve, that I saw a flyer for. It's close by, and has really diverse animals, and seems really cool. Her argument against that is that we can visit one at home too. No we can't. My parents never have time for anything at home. They are always busy with work. Normally the rule is that we do what my Mom wants, if I haven't got any better ideas. But I do. I'd really like to go to that wild life reserve, but I'm not allowed to, for some reason. So reddit, AITA? Edit: We're at the Down house now. I'm sitting here, on my phone being quiet, which is a problem and 'disruptive' apparently.<|response|> YTA. Your parents gifted you a very expensive trip. The least you could do is partake in some activities they want to do as a way of saying thanks and showing your appreciation. <|endoftext|>
98833	4	AITA for picking OUR wedding date? I proposed to my GF last Christmas and long story short, my mom was unhappy about it and not really in the picture. There is some history behind this and a lot of fighting prior. So me and my fiancé went ahead and picked our wedding date without consulting my mom because she had distanced herself and had nothing but negative things (like really nasty cut to the bone stuff) to say about both of us and I thought screw it, it’s our wedding, and we want it in February (a year away from proposal). Well about 4 months later, she calls me and says February will just absolutely not work for her and that we need to change the date or she won’t come. Mind you, most of the planning and deposits have already been paid. I tell her that we wanted it in February and if you would’ve been a part of it from the beginning, we could’ve tried to work something out. And that we paid so much in deposits already. SHE WENT OFF. Blah blah “you’re the worst son ever, you’re not my son anymore, F*** you, you only care about her” yadada. And that was the nicest part of what she said. She attempted to call my fiancé’s mom and get her to try to change the date, which was a no go as well. So now my mom refuses to come to her only child’s wedding, even though she’s literally able to, just because she didn’t get her way and wasn’t involved in any planning. And by association, my dad can’t really come because he has to live with her. So Reddit, AITA?<|response|> NTA. Your mother is being narcissistic. Never bend to people who don’t have your best interests at heart. It sounds like her narcissistic behavior has been an issue in the past. Don’t let her make you feel badly. I wouldn’t be surprised if she had a problem with the date because she wanted to exact revenge on you for whatever slight she feels she’s suffered because of you. Ugh. Just gross behavior on her part. The reason I’m using the word “narcissistic” is because only someone with mental health problems would insist their son change their wedding date. This is beyond selfish. <|endoftext|>
80819	4	AITA for declining to be my BIL and SILs surrogate even though they seem to need me? I saw a post similar to this and wanted to see if I truly was TA. It happened about a month or so ago. My husband and I have been married for about 7 years now and, while we do plan on having kids, it's just not for us right now. Everytime someone brings it up, I just tell them we'll have one in 10 years. Thing is, I've been saying that for the past 7 years so 10 years have just been some sort of automatic reaction. My SIL through married on my husband's side, Eve, has been having a difficult time getting pregnant. She and Adam were thinking of looking into getting a surrogate and want it to be someone in the family (either side apparently) so that the baby at least has some sort of tie to the family in a way. They, mostly Eve, asked me if I would be willing to do it. While the thought of getting paid was nice, ultimately I declined. They pushed for an answer and I said: "I dont want to get pregnant and have to get away my baby. I don't think I could handle that. Husband and I do want kids eventually." Adam was upset but not as upset as Eve. She was really banking on me being the surrogate since my husband and I were the only ones on that side of the family that havent had kids yet and sort of brought up the fact that if we dont have kids by now, we're probably never going to have them, and that she and Adam have been struggling and wanted the baby to be from family. Eve hasn't been replying to me and now I'm getting more and more questions as to why we havent had kids by now. The 10 years answer hasn't been cutting it. Adam offered slightly more money and my husband told him to go **** off. But it seems like their marriage is heading towards a bad territory because of this. Reddit, AITA for declining this?<|response|> NTA Your body, your decision. Also, they obviously haven't given this much thought, because a woman who hasn't given birth before doesn't qualify to be a surrogate. My guess is they don't have the money to properly pay the costs of a paid surrogate. And if they can't afford the other costs, they probably can't afford the health care costs. A surrogate's health insurance usually won't cover health care costs for a surrogacy pregnancy. So, on top of Eve not respecting your boundaries, they aren't ready for a surrogacy because they haven't done the most rudimentary research. <|endoftext|>
173583	1	AITA for humiliating the guy who I carry on our Destiny raid team? A bit of context here. I have a stutter, so callouts are hard for me. To counter this, I deal with the 'Ads' (Waves of non-boss enemies) to help the team clear the raid quicker. This one dude who kept making fun of my stutter, we were carrying him. Me and 4 others were carrying this mouthy noob through the hard mode of the raid. Most of our wipes (Full team death) were his fault and he kept blaming me and my 'Retarded stutter'. I proceed to rip into him. I tell him that WE were carrying him. WE invited him, after he was kicked from various fireteams for running his mouth and being a cocky asshole. I also told him that even though I have a stutter, I am skilled enough at the game to make up for my disability, which he has no right to judge me for. I then point out that it was my father's fault I got brain damage from him kicking me down the stairs. Everyone got pissed at the noob and started telling him he was lucky we let him play with us, that he was an entitled douchebag, and that he was scum for making fun of something I have no control over. I tell him that he no longer has the privilege of playing with us, and boot him from the team. He sent me hateful messages (Retard this, victim that. Blah, blah, blah.) and I just send screenshots to my clanmates. Am I the asshole here for losing my temper with this noob player?<|response|> NTA <|endoftext|>
49359	3	AITA for making a guy (16M) race me (17F) before saying "yes" to being his prom date? This was back in May but came to light again so I'm asking about it now. We had junior prom in May. A friend of mine made a sign that said, "I know you hate dances and think prom is a waste, but would you be my date if I beat you in a race?" It was after track practice. We raced and he won. I was talking about this with friends while camping and one of them said something along the lines of, "Don't you think that was kind of bitchy? If you had won would you have said no?" I'm honestly not sure. I'm not very girly and not into prom. I didn't want to go and am not sure what I would have said, but his sign said to race him and I agreed. AITA?<|response|> NTA. He wrote a check, and his ass kept it. Sounds like everyone had fun, and it doesn't sound bitchy at all. <|endoftext|>
64898	2	AITA for possibly scarring my child(M12) for life? His words not mine. Backstory: huge storm in the Midwest last night and we have giant trees in the yard that would definitely crush parts of the house if they fell. Sons room faces the most trees. Cast: son- TG me- M M: *walks into son's room to unplug power strip in case of outage, sees him sleeping with his head next the window* "TG, I need you to sleep with your head on the other end of the bed." TG: "why?" M: "in case a tree falls during this storm you'll get a face full of glass and tree if you're on this end" TG: "WTH would you say that!? Am I gonna get crushed!? would I die!? Why would you tell me something I won't be able to stop thinking about all night, probably forever!? You know you pretty much scarred me for life now when it comes to storms!!" *huffs and flips to the other side of the bed* M: "I'm sorry but I love you, goodnight." TG: *fully sarcastic* "WHATEVER, GOODNIGHT!" He didn't talk to me this morning before school, and I asked him how his first day was and he said "fine" and went to his room. I feel like a total dick but also, FACE FULL OF GLASS. So, AITA and did I really scar him for life? Info: this reaction was out of character for him, he's never had signs of chronic anxiety so I wasn't gaslighting him. The trees aren't dead, they are healthy but we have been losing limbs all summer due to IMO, woodpeckers, carpenter ants, and ash bore beetles. Xcel energy has evaluated the transformer poles and limbs near the lines and have put us on a fix it waiting list for the past 3 months, I'm waiting impatiently. He is the one who arranged the head of his bed by the window so he could sketch the backyard during the day, he slept at the foot of his bed last night. It was his first day of 7th grade today so back to school jitters may have played a role here. Edit: Thanks for the silver, I wish my first guilded post wasn't a bad mommy moment, but I learned my lesson. Won't make the same mistake with the 8 yr old! 2nd edit: Thank you 10 billion percent for the gold! I feel so loved, and kind of like an idiot, but also that we're all sharing in it makes it ok!<|response|> NAH You were pointing out a remote but still plausible risk. He responded as 12-year-olds do: overly dramatically. <|endoftext|>
124327	2	AITA for refusing to stop swearing in a child-friendly pub? I went out with my friends to a local pub a few weeks back, this pub is child-friendly so there were a few kids around. I genuinely have no problem with child-friendly establishments so am not one to kick up a fuss unless my enjoyment is effected. I'm having a bit of a sweary conversation with my friends and someone walks up to our table and asks me to keep the language down because of their kids. I reply that this is a pub and I'll speak to my friends how I would normally speak to them. They say they're not comfortable with the language, I repeat that it's a pub and I will speak to my friends like an adult, and they're welcome to go somewhere else if they don't want to hear swearing. At this point they say that the pub is child friendly and I should behave appropriately, I reply that yes it's child friendly but it's still a pub and pubs are for adults, and if they want a child-orientated environment where there will be no swearing there are plenty of those available. The argument ended there and they went back to their table. My friends were pretty split down the middle about the whole thing and a little embarrassed, I don't regret standing my ground. I maintain that I have no problem with children, hell I love children, but I resented being made to feel like I had to be on my best behaviour in an environment intended for adults where the whole point is that you unwind. Edit for clarity: I live in the UK and it's extremely rare to find a truly "non child-friendly" pub or bar where children are not allowed (usually the most you get is not at the bar or not after a certain time), it's pretty much expected by default that pubs/bars will welcome children. The pub in question is our favourite in the area with by far the best food and beer selection, hence why I didn't want to go somewhere else. Might as well add this because I've clarified it for someone else: It was after work hours on a Friday night. It's a fairly standard pub layout, bar at the back with a smattering of booths/tables. We were sat near the bar. I really don't remember what swear words I was using, I don't believe I was being all that loud - My partner was there and she usually reigns me in if she feels I'm being too loud. The pub did not have an outdoor play area, or a kid's menu, or anything that explicitly and openly invites children - It merely *allows* children, like the vast majority of pubs in the UK.<|response|> YTA. I am also from the UK and feel you're trying to paint an inaccurate picture of British pubs to sway this one in your favour. Many pubs double-up as restaurants (we call them gastropubs, don't know how universal that term is) and if they didn't there'd hardly be any left, and there's quite an obvious distinction between *family* pubs and *adult* pubs. Additionally, unless you live in a particularly unfortunate location, there's no shortage of over-18 only pubs around that you could go to if swearing is that vital to your conversations. You're being obtuse and pedantic with regards to pubs being adult establishments. Particularly in this case since you yourself are describing it as a child-friendly pub. If I saw you behave like this in a family pub I'd think you were an asshole too. Reading your description of the exchange makes me cringe because I can just picture exactly that situation in my head and I can imagine what everyone who heard it must've been thinking of you at the time. <|endoftext|>
81393	1	AITA for speaking up about my sisters kids TL;DR My sister is trailer trash and my parents defend her actions that’s incredibly damaging to her children. EDIT: I have called CPS, they told me that because the 11 year old is mature enough and that they had food clothing and a shelter there wasn’t anything they could do. I told them everything in this post. Some context: My sister had a child on purpose with a guy she met on a construction site in her early 20s. That relationship ended before the baby was born and he isn’t even on the birth certificate. She lived with my parents because she couldn’t make ends meet because she doesn’t have any career skills, which at the time I felt bad for her. Fast forward to 2018, she messages a guy she knows through a friend on Facebook. He lives 4 hours away and has 2 kids as well. An 10 year old and 5 year old. He comes up to town and she drops off her kid at my place so they can spend the night at a luxury hotel (which I found out after). In the span of a year they moved in, which for the kids was super abrupt, got pregnant with a 4th child, and got married while she was pregnant. Now he makes around minimum wage and she can’t hold down a job and works casually. They live in this really shitty apartment with 3 bedrooms. They are going to put the newborn in the 11 year olds room. The 11 year old is also frequently left watching the two 6 year olds home alone and has to make 3 meals a day for them a lot. They can’t afford meat so they only eat game meat, which the 11 year old hates with a passion. My sister smoked heavily through the entire pregnancy and while she was trying to breast feed, and she still smokes probably a pack a day. They live off child tax credits and my parents finance a lot for them, so it bothers me she spends so much money on smokes. They go out to eat dinner or go to concerts and leave their kids at home. When I ask if they can come home an hour early at 11pm so we don’t have to drop all the kids off to an empty dumpy apartment, she tells me that just because they have kids they still need to do “Adult things” and to just drop them off and the 11 year old can watch them. That was a breaking point. I spoke up to my parents about how fucked up these kids lives are gunna be and how they spend money on themselves and not their kids. I get brushed aside because they love to project this false sense of family stability. I blew up on my family and now they refuse to talk to me, and I’m assuming that the kids won’t be allowed to come over to our house where they get spoiled<|response|> NTA your sister and parents are trash <|endoftext|>
105677	4	AITA for not wanting to wear a Halloween costume? Halloween has never been my thing. I don’t like dressing up or wearing costumes. It’s just not my idea of fun, sue me. My best friend is hosting a costume party tonight, and my girlfriend loves Halloween; she’s really into makeup and wants to be an alien tonight. The original plan was for her and her friend to be aliens and go into Hoboken, but with the weather she’s decided to come to my friend’s costume party. She decided, with no input from me, to order a NASA T-shirt so we could be in “costume” together. I know what you’re saying, it’s just a T-shirt, no big deal, and you’re right. But she doesn’t drive and to get it at the last minute, we (read: me, the only driver) now have to pick it up at the mall on a busy, rainy Saturday. Am I the asshole for not wanting a costume I didn’t ask for? Shouldn’t people be able to respect my decision not to participate in a holiday I don’t care for? EDIT: we’ve been together for three years and have the same argument each year. There’s very little I “make” her do with me that she doesn’t enjoy. EDIT 2: Point taken, people, I’m on my way out the door to pick up the shirt. Thank you all for your feedback.<|response|> I'd say not the asshole however if it's something that your gf wants to do, and you actualy like her then just do it for her.... That is if she does things for you that you assume she doesn't enjoy doing... <|endoftext|>
68047	2	AITA for forbidding my girlfriend for going on holiday with a "friend", then booking a holiday with a group of my friends? For context, my girlfriend and I are in a long distance relationship and have been dating for around a year. A few months into our relationship she asked me if she could go on holiday with a friend of hers who she previously went away with the summer before. At first I was fairly open to it, but then I found out the trip was with just 1 guy who shes got a sexual history with. As far as i'm aware they never dated and were in some kind of friends with benefits situation. After finding this out I stated that I didn't feel comfortable with her going away with him, and that I did not want her to go. In the end she didn't go and actually stated she never wanted to go anyway... Its fair to say in the following months a bit of jealousy came over me regarding this guy as I gradually found out that he's a 6ft 3" Doctor who's a fair few years older than me, along with being told how much fun they had together and how they got on so well. For what I could gather the only reason things didn't kick on for them was because he was moving to Switzerland and neither of them wanted to commit to a ...long distance relationship. I've been on a fair few trips with her now, though things are never without some kind of drama which is why I find it hard to hear about this past guy. Fast-forward to now and I've been invited to go on holiday with a group of friends who I've been close with ever since school. Its a mix of guys and girls but I've never had any sexual history with any of them at all. The only catch is that one of these friends has invited a friend of hers who I went on a date with before I met my current girlfriend, though nothing happened as neither of us felt there was much chemistry. The issue I face is that I initially said I could go to my friends, but once I mentioned it to my girlfriend she forbid me from going, citing the time I "forbid" her from travelling with the aforementioned guy. The deposit is now paid on the trip, though I haven't personally booked any flights and I'm confident my friends could find a willing replacement if I didn't go. AITA here for agreeing to go without initially telling her given the previous situation? &#x200B; EDIT: I never explicitly said I forbid her, I used "forbid" as that's how she described it to me when she mentioned the example of the guy before<|response|> ESH, just break up. <|endoftext|>
91696	3	AITA if I wanted to meet up with my boyfriend while he’s hanging out with his ex girlfriend? So me (32F) and my boyfriend (37M) are in New York for Christmas. We have been living together and dating for 1.5 years. For the holidays, we drove from our home Florida to New York to see his family. He also wants to see the dog that he got with his ex girlfriend, which means at some point meeting up with his ex girlfriend. They make plans to go to lunch, but I am not invited. He insisted on letting me take his aunts car, so I am not stuck at his family’s house while he’s gone. He told me I can go shopping at the mall (even though I hate shopping). So he leaves to meet up with her, and the more I think about it, the more I got annoyed. I would never go anywhere alone with my ex and not be able to invite my boyfriend. Conversely, if my ex was in town for the holidays, I would never invite him to lunch without his girlfriend, knowing she traveled with him. So I texted my boyfriend to see if I can swing by to meet up with them. He told me that he is at his ex’s house and she is uncomfortable about it. He gave me the address anyhow. Obviously I am not going to her house, because I know she was very emotional about the breakup and I don’t want to cause drama. However, I did text him back, “I’ll be there in 10 minutes” so they both can freak out about it. That was an hour ago and he hasn’t asked where I am. Am I being an asshole here? EDIT TO ADD MORE INFO: We did a long distance thing for a little while, but he decided to move to FL to be with me. When he moved, he didn’t tell her that he moved in with me. She thought he was staying with his best friend. When I confronted him about it, he said she doesn’t know about me because she has severe anxiety and he wants to let her down gently even though they have been broken up for a year. UPDATE: Its been 3 hours. I finally called him and he was in the car with ex who was dropping him off to pick up his car. He tried to get off the phone because his battery was dying, but I told him there’s no reason he can stay on the phone with me until it died. He said he felt bad for leaving me for so long but they were just catching up and talking about “what lead me to my decisions and how I’m doing and basic stuff”. She wanted “closure for everything” and she had a long letter written out from therapy. “She had an issue with telling me things and it’s part of the reason why it took so long.” They didn’t go to eat. She’s still not over him.<|response|> NTA. At first it was a gray area, but once he was more concerned with his ex's discomfort over the situation than he was in yours, he lost any ambiguity. Also, you said they planned to go to lunch but he ended up at her house? Nah. He's got something sneaky going on. <|endoftext|>
74402	4	WIBTA if I fire an intern after her grandpa died? I hire interns to work for me in the company I work for(I take the whole proccess, from selection, interview, etc, then they work for me), I hired this woman 2 months ago and she has been mediocre, not a bad atittude or anything but just mediocre, her work tend to have lots of mistakes even tho she works slowly. She's just probably not smart enough to work in this field or she doesn't care enough (she mantains a decent attitude in the office tho). Besides being a bit slow she takes a lot of days, it seems like she always has a problem or something happened to her. On monday morning she sent me a text message saying that her grandpa died and she couldn't go to work. I said okay. The thing is she didn't show up yesterday either (and she didn't say anything) neither today. So I have this mediocre intern, who didn't show up two days in a row, WIBTA if I fire her?<|response|> NTA, but sometimes it doesn't hurt to give them a last chance with proper warning. I've had interns that were like that, and who really stepped up after talking to them. Some are clueless enough that they just don't realize how they are coming across as. Other times they have just been irredeemable dimwits who had to be fired after the warning. If you fire her now, and she really is a crappy person, she might just see it as you being TA for firing her after a loved one dies.... since in her own little world she didn't know she was doing anything wrong before. It's up to you though, no harm in just letting her go as is. <|endoftext|>
144608	2	AITA for sleeping with my old high school teacher and getting upset when my sister threatened to kick me out for it? I’m 18 and I graduated last month. I’ve always had a thing for my English teacher and I guess so did she because as soon as I graduated we started having a thing together. I’ve been staying with my older sister for a while now because my mom is not really fit to have anybody in the house with her right now (long story). Well I went out to see my teacher and she dropped me off at my sister’s house afterwards. I didn’t notice that my sister was outside her house and she saw my teacher hug me goodbye and kiss me. As soon as I get out of the car she starts yelling at my teacher and calling her a creep and a cougar and telling her to get away from me. I told her to calm down but they both starting getting into a screaming match with my teacher saying that I’m an adult and my sister saying that I’m “barely 18”. My teacher then drove off. My sister told me that it’s a disgusting relationship and that if I’m gonna live with her it’s not gonna continue. I told her that I’m an adult and I can see who I want to see and if it’s such a big deal I’ll go live with my old teacher. She told me that I need to think about what I’m doing but I just went inside the house. Since this happened she keeps trying to talk to me about it but I honestly don’t want to talk to her because I can make my own decisions. AITA for getting upset?<|response|> Ugh. Cut this out. This lady is taking advantage of the fact she was in a position of authority. You aren't an asshole but your teacher is. This is disgusting and your sister is right. There is no reason why any well adjusted adult should want to date someone fresh out of high school. It's disturbing. NTA the teacher is <|endoftext|>
125439	4	AITA for deciding not to attend my friends bachelorette party after previously agreeing to go? For context, my best friend is getting married and I am her Matron of Honor. My husband and I recently had our first child, who is currently 3 months old. He will be 5 months at the time of the bachelorette party. We all live on the east coast, but the bride has decided that she wants the bachelorette party in Las Vegas for 4 nights. Normally I would look forward to this trip, but things have really changed for my husband and I since the birth of our child. I am breastfeeding him, and I have been pumping into bottles to try to save up for the trip so my husband can feed the baby while I am gone, but we are both nervous about me being so far away from him if anything were to happen to the milk supply. On top of that, I will have to pump while I am there, which will take time during the day and night and make things weird for the other girls' schedules. This is on top of the fact that my schedule is drastically different than the rest of the girls as well - I'm usually in bed by 9pm, whereas they can party late into the night/morning. As if I wasn't already experiencing enough anxiety about the trip, my dog has also been diagnosed with a terminal cancer, and has been given months to live. I know I wouldn't be able to forgive myself if anything were to happen to him while I was gone. This is all without mentioning the financial strain (hotel, flight, food, drinks, shows) that will be tough on a new parent. I feel like if I go I will be a burden on the other girls, and slow down all of the fun with my tiredness/constant breast pumping breaks. I feel awful about it for my best friend's sake, but I don't want to be a drain on the event for everyone else. I've talked to the bride about all of my anxieties about the trip, and she mentioned that she was surprised I even agreed to go in the first place, given my new motherhood situation. She said she would understand if I chose to not go, but I could tell that she was upset at the idea. I finally made up my mind and texted the bride and the bride's sister to let them know that I wouldn't be able to attend and apologized profusely. I even offered to pay for my share of the hotel and pay for a show that the bride wanted to go to. It's been a while, and they haven't responded back which is very unlike them. I feel conflicted, and terrible, and like a shitty friend. Am I the asshole?<|response|> NAH &#x200B; I get your side of the story and so far I think the bride's response has been fair. She's obviously disappointed and you can't fault someone for that. She hasn't responded but how long has it been - And have you reached out about anything else with/without response? <|endoftext|>
84449	3	AITA because my dogs look at my neighbors through their window and make their kid cry? Okay, so, let me set the scene. I rent a portion of a house. I have a backyard that I let my dogs out in to use the restroom/run around. In that yard, against another portion of the house, is a little window along the ground that opens up into the living room of the house's basement, which is renovated into an apartment. Well, the woman who lived there (let's call her Jess) is now moving into the upstairs portion of the house, but she's in the middle of it so she's in the basement sometimes still, and also her son (we'll call him Ken) and his two sons and their dog are in the basement. They may be officially moving there, they may not, but as of this moment, they are not 'official' tenants (last I heard). I have two dogs, almost eight months old, golden retriever/lab mixes. Given that the neighbors' window is literally in my yard, my dogs have easy access to it. The tenants smoke, and I imagine that, living in a basement apartment, they want some fresh air and sunlight, so they keep the window open a few inches, all the time, and also keep the curtain open. Because it's open and the curtain's pulled, my dogs can easily hear and see things through the window, and that makes them all the more curious and eager to look in. Ken has a dog. Whenever it sees my pups looking through the window, it begins barking. It's a little dog, so it's got that yappy bark, lol. If it barks, Ken's younger son--two years old--will start crying. Or, if the two-year-old just so happens to see my dogs peeking into the window, he'll start crying. They haven't said anything to me about it, and I \*have\* tried to not let my dogs just stand there for an extended period of time looking in their window, but I did once hear them yell at my dogs, telling them to 'Git! Git out of the window!', so I know they aren't happy about it (which isn't surprising, considering their dog barks and their kid cries). But it's also hard for me to juggle working from home, handling taking two dogs out on leashes or shooing them away from the window where I used to be able to just let them out on their own. I've thought about putting something in front of the window, but that'll block out sunlight for the neighbors and fresh air (and again, it's a basement apartment and they're smokers so they probably really want that sun and air). But for the life of me, I also can't understand why they don't A) keep the window and curtain shut, because there's another window in that same room--I know because I used to live in the basement--or B) at least keep the curtain shut so the kid would have a harder time seeing my dogs. My dogs very rarely bark, even<|response|> NTA - they're smoking in the same room as their (presumably young) kid? now *that's* asshole behaviour <|endoftext|>
107572	3	AITA for not wanting a gay doctor to look at my genitals Went to a local clinic recently to check if my dick was ok and was assigned to an openly gay doctor. I felt very uncomfortable and I asked for another doctor. My friend says I am homophobic and is very mad at me. Was I an asshole?<|response|> YTA. By that logic there should not be any male obgyns. He's a professional, let him do his job <|endoftext|>
23371	4	AITA for not wanting to take care of my grandma anymore My grandma on my dad's side has been sick for quite some time now (she's 86 y.o) and she bcame worse last year, on 29th Dec (4 days after the death of my grandpa on my mom's side). After a month of staying at the hospital, she finally had been allowed to return home on 28th January this year. Since then, I stayed at my gramma's home to help and take care of her. Me, my cousin, and a few of my aunts were responsible to help and tend her bcuz the other cousins were either working, or still studying.It wasn't an easy task obviously, because we were shorthanded. The ones that always helped out was 3 of my aunts including myself and my cousin. All of us were female bcuz my gramma didn't want to hire a nursemaid(?) and she preferred her own daughters After almost 3 weeks of staying there, I had to go back home for awhile bcuz my sister is going back to further her studies ans no one would be able to tend the things at home. So, I went back home for jst 2 weeks (I think) and returned back on 1st March bcuz my mOm forced me and if i were to say no, it would be rude bcuz it wud seem like i dont wanna help take care of my gramma. And on that very damned day, I had my panic attack. But still, I was forced to stay at my grandma's house again. Ive had a few other problems including this whole thing about taking care of my grandma. I cant even release my tension bcuz THERE IS LITERRALY NOWHERE IN THIS HOME TO CRY ALONE WITHOUT PPL KNOWING. If i want to go out with my friends I cant bcuz my childish aunt thinks that its a bad thing to go out with your friends. I cant even go back home without feeling guilty. I dont enjoy doing the things I had once enjoyed bfore. Nowadays i always have heart palpitations. Theres not much that can help me retain my sanity rn. Not if I were to stay in this toxic environment. I cant rely my OWN family. My father RARELY talks to me. If i were to talk to my mom instead, I would jst break down and cry or get angry bcuz shes not the type who would listen carefully to my situation. Even if I were to succesfully get through her, in the end she would jst say " Remember god, pray to god." Jst like any other of the ppl i talked to, said. Same goes my Oldest sister. My brother always prioritise his own friends first and dont give a shit about me. And my other sister that i can kinda depend on is somewhere else rn. I feel suffocated living at my grandma's house rn and i feel like running away from here. But shes my only grandma thats left. However, I dont think i<|response|> NTA Caretaker fatigue is real & it is so painful. Let alone adding that to having no privacy. May I ask how old you are? Read into r/raisedbynarcissists (edited since I typed 👈 wrong the first time) & r/justnomil . No matter the age you are being taken massive advantage of. <|endoftext|>
157645	2	AITA for reusing a speech as best man? Last year I was best man at my friend's wedding, where I gave a speech. Unfortunately, my friend's marriage did not work out and they were divorced within 4 months. Fast forward a few more months, and my friend is engaged (again) and set to marry someone new. They will be hosting the wedding the same place as his last one, and inviting many of the same people who came last year. I am best man again. WIBTA if I gave the exact same speech as last year? (only replacing the name of the bride) My friend has a good sense of humour, so he would probably take it in stride, but I've been told by some that what I'm doing is insensitive. UPDATE: After reading through the many replies, I see how my actions might make me TA. However, I feel like I did not provide enough context in my original post. Many assumed that my friend's new fiancée has no relation to his ex-wife, but this is not the case. His new fiancée was also present at his last wedding as one of his ex-wife's bridesmaids (funnily enough, she was also the one that caught the bouquet). But this is besides the point. I brought up my idea with the both of them yesterday, and while they both found it a bit amusing, they suggested that I could reference the previous marriage (as a small joke), but would prefer that i wrote something new for them (which I will now do). By popular suggestion, I will start the speech with "Welcome back!", but everything after will be new stuff. Thanks Reddit.<|response|> YTA. This isn't a re-do for the bride. You should make no reference whatsoever to his prior marriage. <|endoftext|>
84100	3	WIBTA if I told my in-laws they can't stay with us for Christmas? My spouse and I live near my side of the family, and halfway across the country from their side. We split the holidays and alternate which holiday is with which family -- Thanksgiving with one side and Christmas with the other, then vice versa the next year, and so on. For the past few years my in-laws have been coming to stay with us on the years that we spend Christmas in our hometown with my family, and I'm considering saying no the next time they ask (next year). The reasons to continue saying yes are obvious-- we love them, and in general I want to err on the side of love and generosity. But... when they come for Christmas the whole thing sort of becomes about them. Not because they do anything wrong -- it just happens. They stay with us, so the "downtime" (like breakfasts, sitting around by the fire, etc.) is all with them rather than with my parents and siblings and etc. We have to be focused on their needs, making sure they're having a good time, if they're tired we leave whatever gathering we're at to get them home to bed, etc. Also, we only have one bedroom, so they stay in our bed and we sleep in the den. (They're elderly; there's no way they're sleeping on a fold-out mattress). So I'm thinking of saying no next time, but every time I imagine saying that out loud I feel like TA. Am I??<|response|> NTA Instead, offer to host them at another time that ISN'T Christmas. <|endoftext|>
130779	2	AITA for calling out someone for not flushing a public toilet? You know how when you go into a public bathroom and a lot of the time there is still piss and shit in the toilet? Well I encountered someone doing that Me and my girlfriend were waiting in the bathroom (I’m a woman for context). A woman came out of the stall but didn’t flush, so I said “aren’t you going to flush so other people don’t have to get sick?” and she shot me a glare and ignored me. My girlfriend said I was an ass and shouldn’t have said anything Edit: there was indeed shit and piss in the toilet and she walked out without washing her hands<|response|> NTA. That’s nasty as hell. Did she at least wash her hands?? <|endoftext|>
154157	5	AITA for not wanting to pay rent to my mom when I'm 23? I'm not sure where to start so I will lay out the facts. I apologize for the disorganized thoughts. &#x200B; I am 23 and recently graduated with a bachelor's degree. Currently, I am doing an internship that will turn into a job that pays $15 an hour (we live in Northern California) in two weeks. The pay is pretty low for a new grad and there are no benefits, but it will eventually lead into a slightly higher paying job with benefits after 6 months to a year. The job is also only about 30 hours a week which is okay with me because I will also be taking classes to continue my education. Another fact is that I am diabetic, so I pay an extra $400+ a month for medical insurance and supplies. After paying my bills each month I will not have a ton of money left over. &#x200B; My mom wants to teach me some responsibility by asking me to pay rent now that I am not a full-time student. $250 per month. Yes, I know that is ludicrously low, but at least hear all the details. I am trying to save up my money for graduate school which will cost me about $100k in tuition over two years, and that is not even factoring in food, rent, and other costs of living. I could use this $250 a month to put towards my future costs. I feel I NEED this money, while my mom does not. She is quite literally a multi-millionaire. Again she is wanting to teach me responsibility by making me take on my own finances (something I am fine with), but also make me pay rent to live in her house which is also the house I've lived in my entire life. I am not sure if it matters, but the house is in a middle-class neighborhood and we have always lived pretty frugally despite having money. &#x200B; Some other details to include are that every since high school I have been in charge of paying for my own hobbies and activities. My parents have financially supported me through my recent graduation. They paid for my tuition, food, medical insurance, diabetes supplies, car insurance (but not gas/maintenance), and possibly more. &#x200B; I am open to doing additional work around the house/for my mom instead of paying rent. This would mean work that I don't already do such as chores, cleaning etc., although I am not sure how much time I would have for that. Basically I am open to anything, but prefer to not pay actual money to my (wonderful) multi-millionaire mother. &#x200B; So am I the asshole for not wanting to pay her $250 in rent every month? &#x200B;<|response|> YTA >My parents have financially supported me through my recent graduation. They paid for my tuition, food, medical insurance, diabetes supplies, car insurance (but not gas/maintenance), and possibly more. Sounds like your parents have gone above and beyond for you. Asking you to pay $250 a month is extremely reasonable (especially in California, jesus). Appreciate all they've done (and continue to do) for you, and pay rent like an adult. <|endoftext|>
188270	4	WIBTA For cutting off contact to my mother because of her keeping me away from my dying dog? Long post but please bear with me, I'm trying my best to keep it short and I'm loosing my mind. Thanks for understanding and reading. So I (21M) have had a pretty bad relationship with my mom (47) ever since she divorced my dad 8 years ago and started dating a new guy right away. She left me without any support when I needed it most in school because of bullying and so on. I have anger issues and back when I used to live with her and I blame myself a lot for out bad relationship. 1 1/2 years ago I decided to join the German Military and I've been home very rarely since we only get the weekends off and I try to balance my father's family, time for and with my gf and my mother. We had a pretty bad falling out a couple weeks ago with me deciding to move out as soon as possible and I've stayed in the barracks or at my gfs since. Two weeks ago she called me and told me that our dog (13), who she and her new bf kept, was diagnosed with a tumor in her chest that started to dissolve her thorax and that, if she's lucky, she has about 3 weeks to live. I tried on and on to go over to her place and spend time with and to say goodbye to my dog but they've been gone all weekends. I can't take any days off due to the military rn so I depend on the weekends. When I asked my mother if I could visit my dog a couple days ago, she told me that she'd be traveling to her parents house (roughly 500km away) and that I could visit her the weekend after if they don't make any plans. My GF, Father and I are convinced she is traveling on purpose so I consider cutting off all contact of my mother goes through with leaving this weekend once my dog has passed away. After 8 years of sadness, anger and pain because of her , keeping me away from my dying dog is the worst for me and I don't think there's any way I can forgive her. So, WIBTA for cutting off all contact? Sorry about formating, spelling and so on, English is my second language. Edit: She did make these plans on Tuesday and since I leave the barracks at 11 am, have a 4 hour train ride to get to her place and they leave at 1pm, there's not much I can do. I've talked to my superiors but they said they can't let me leave earlier or take the day off. I've made plans together with my mother to visit them the weekend after, and I'm canceling everything in order to see my dog. I'm doing all I can.<|response|> NTA that is just cruel, I hope that you can see your dog and that you understand the family you have around you, supporting you, is way more important than someone who tries to use your beloved pet as a tool to hurt you <|endoftext|>
162062	3	AITA for wanting to live with my dad? Ok so I'm an 18 year old college student. My parents got divorced like 7 years ago. I have pretty split time with them. They have always been on bad terms and can barely communicate, but I had a lot of freedom on if I wanted to spend some time at either house. Plus the houses are relatively close, like within walking distance. Now my parents are 2 complete opposites. My dad is super chill and very understanding. He gives me plenty of freedom and as long as I communicate with him, we're good. He's very supportive of me and I enjoy being with him. My mom's also a great parent, just a bit more on top of me. She needs to know details of where I am what I'm doing. This isn't a problem, the slight problem is that she guilts me and wants me to spend more time with her and the "family". The "family" is her boyfriend and my half sister. I love my sister but I've never been close with her boyfriend. Since the beginning I've never fully liked him and that remains the same. Overall he's gotten more tolerable. Since I've turned 18 I've been wanting to just live with my dad. I want 1 place to stay at and overall I feel like I function better there. I have a lot of freedom and our relationship is great. I conveyed this to my mom tonight and she went off. I knew this would be difficult for her, and tried to remain sympathetic while being confident in my choice. She said that I'm extremely selfish and she cannot believe my decision. She said that I'm not an adult and cannot make that decision. Exact words being, "18 is just a number". She also said I have way too much freedom as is, that I have no responsibility and that I can't do anything on my own. She went on about how I isolated myself from her and the "family" while also isolating the myself from the house in general. Saying that I have always had a bias to my dad. When honestly I guess I did because I could have more time to myself there and also my consoles were there and stuff. Also my friends being around there. She asked what's so terrible about going back and forth every week and her house in general. I told her nothing, just that I want 1 place to be. So am I the asshole for wanting this? P.S. I can provide more specific details if asked and will answer what I can. It's honestly difficult for me to think about everything at the moment. (Oh yeah a fun little tid bit I forgot was that she called me weak. Said that I let the divorce define me and change me and that it was weak of me. Reminder they got divorced when I was 11.) And thanks for all the input, I appreciate it!<|response|> NTA. And based on your mom’s reaction and attempted manipulation, there’s no wonder you want to live with your father. <|endoftext|>
119544	4	AITA If I Didn’t Eat Any Food At A Dinner Party. My parents and I went to a dinner party and the food there was terrible. I grabbed what I thought I would liked and ended up leaving it to rot in the garbage. My parents think it was very rude of me to grab all that food and not eat it, but the food was just plain bad. It was over salted and had a terrible after taste.<|response|> I remember hating going to other people as a kid. Because it meant I had to force foods and beverages I didn't like down my throat to not be rude. I think it's bullshit. <|endoftext|>
191877	2	WIBTA if I stop telling my girlfriend when I hang out with my other friends who are also girls? So first of all I'm obviously using a throwaway sing my girlfriend knows my actual account. So I am a college student(M) who is dating a girl that I met over the internet through gaming, she lives on a different continent. We have been together for about 6 months now. Notably I am the sort of guy who just makes friends with girls in real life, and she makes friends with a lot of guys over the internet. We have talked to each other about jealousy issues in the past and have sort of agreed on just trying to deal with our jealousy ourselves. This sort of becomes an issue because I get dinner with one of my female friends about once a week. It is just a thing we do because we don't see each other often as we don't have classes together and are busy college students.(I have been friends with this person for about a year longer than I have known my girlfriend.) My girlfriend has told me in the past that getting dinner with this friend is not considered "normal" and I can see her point of view, but from my perspective it sort of is normal. And if I stopped I would basically never see this friend. Now this shouldn't be a huge issue, except that my girlfriend deals with multiple mental health problems, including but not limited to depression and paranoia. So when I tell her that I'm hanging out with this or any friend, she first becomes paranoid that something might happen(she knows that its ridiculous, but paranoia apparently doesn't care and makes her think illogically). This paranoia then feeds into her depression, so when I'm trying to have a relaxing time with my friend, I am instead receiving multiple texts from my girlfriend about how she wants to end it all and I have to tell her to not do that and that everything will be fine. Honestly I'm a bit weary of it, from trying to make it look like everything is fine to my friend even though I am severely worried. A few days ago I got food with this friend after classes and just didn't tell my girlfriend, primarily because she was still asleep. I'm sorta ashamed to say I was glad to get some peace when trying to hang out with a friend. So now I'm wondering if I just shouldn't tell my girlfriend when I hang out with my friends. I know that it makes me look like a bad boyfriend, or someone who has something to hide by not telling her, but sometimes I just need a break. It's also not like she always thinks something will happen between me and one of my friends, she knows I only want her, but her paranoia says otherwise. I am also aware that if she finds out I haven't been telling her everything, her paranoia will probably get worse than if<|response|> NTA for having and seeing female friends. Your girlfriend has shown you a huge, serious red flag. It's time to break up and go enjoy your life with your friends, male or female. <|endoftext|>
18612	2	AITA for liking Instagram posts about cars and somewhat sexual women? Well, I have to explain that one further. I (m) follow a few car related Instagram accounts, one of which is focused on one specific brand. They upload anything from shots of the Logo to women "posing" in front of the cars. And this is where the AITA comes in. Over the last few months I've liked just about all posts that account makes, mostly absentmindedly while scrolling down my home page. One of those images included a woman in very short shorts standing over the engine bay, the other a girl in the driver's seat with the male photographer grabbing her thigh. Nothing overtly sexual and I didn't give the pictures any thought after liking (because I liked the picture as a whole) and scrolling past. Both of those pictures are mainly focused on the cars imo. Yesterday, my girlfriend sent me Screenshots of the two posts with the "Merkel4Lyfe likes this" at the bottom. She said that she doesn't want to see that from her boyfriend, that it's to be expected of me to think about what I like and that she has noticed this before and hasn't said anything earlier. AITA for liking an Instagram post without calculating all possible outcomes that double tap could have?<|response|> NAH. You're your own person, but tbh most girls I've dated didn't like knowing what I see online. I've learned to lurk without liking those kinds of instagram posts. <|endoftext|>
76516	1	WIBTA for responding to sneezes with a "hail satan?" I'm in my thirties and attending university again. In one class there's this 18-20yo kid that most people would agree, by his appearance, is 100% neck beard. I don't know a lot about him or his religious beliefs, but any time someone sneezes he practically yells "god bless you" at them. Now i firmly believe that making it a point that your an atheist when someone blesses your sneeze is a dick move, fuck, I'm an atheist and I even say bless you when people sneeze. But for some reason this kid bugs the shit outta me. He is so loud about it and disruptive to the class as he'll do it in the middle of a lecture. ultimately I want him to be a reasonable fucking person and just say it quietly if he must. But part of me is hoping that he is some devout Christian and i can deeply irritate him by saying hail satan whenever someone sneezes. As petty as that may be, I'm not interested in getting to know this person or building any sort of relationship that i could reasonably talk to him about it. So my options are make a scene about it when he does it and definitely be the asshole, continue to be annoyed indefinitely, or gain petty satisfaction by saying hail satan. WIBTA for that?<|response|> YTA. You’re in your thirties? You sound like a teen trying to be edgy. <|endoftext|>
76525	2	WIBTA if I stole a jar of dip from my office? First of all, this is going to be a silly one. So my office this week has been in a week-long training, which means that every day there is a catered lunch provided by the company. It is the usual assortment of sad deli sandwiches, soggy premade and pre-dressed salads, and inoffensive snacks. Also on the table has been an open jar of dip, accompanied buy an assortment of whole wheat pretzels. For whatever reason, this jar ends up ignored by everyone, including, at first, myself. But on day three of the training I felt adventurous and scooped some into my plate, along with a handful of pretzels. And it was so damn good. Were I a man of lesser constitution I would fill a mug with the stuff and drink it. Now, the training is over, the guests from other branches have left, and the dip, which I am certain I'm the only one who has even tried, as it's almost entirely full, is in the fridge along with the condiments for the barbecue in July. WIBTA if I snagged it, threw it in my bag, and absconded with it into the night? UPDATE: I received an email saying that any leftovers are free game, and to take anything home if I desire. I'm pretty sure this is in regards to the samdwhiches but I'm choosing to believe the dip is free game as well. UPDATE 2: it's Harry and David's Sesame Honey Mustard UPDATE 3: I grabbed it on the way out the door. I saw one of my coworkers take enough salad for fourteen people so I don't think a single jar of dip will be missed.<|response|> NTA. It’s dip homie it costs like $3. I don’t think when the barbecue rolls around they’ll be like “where’s the dip, the dip was here I put the dip in here and now it’s gone, who took the dip” <|endoftext|>
165164	3	AITA? Had a bad date where she walked out on me Hi Reddit, I (38m) recently had a horrible date with a girl (37f). The backstory is, we actually went on a date from a dating site 4 years ago. I drove an hour to meet at a place closer to her. It didn't go well. The reason cited at the time was distance as I was an hours' drive away and she only wanted something "5 minutes away or so". She also seemed to hint I wasn't at her "level" of success, though we both wanted something long term. For background, she's got a PhD and has a successful career. I had a masters, but was still relatively early in starting up my career. Fast forward to present day, and lo and behold, we match again on a different app. Only this time, I've moved for a new (significantly better) job and am about 5 minutes from her neighborhood she's stayed in for the past 4 years. The first red flag was she had NO recollection that we had gone out before. How many different people have you dated if you don't remember ever meeting up with me? Anyway, we chat on the app and find she's super stressed and burned out all the time at work. Her dating life hasn't been going well as she's still on these apps 4 years later. In the same neighborhood. I offer to meet up with her again. I'll also admit she's very pretty. We meet at a bar and go over what's been going on. She still doesn't remember me, but talks about her most recent ex from a couple months ago. The guy didn't want anything long term, requested an "open relationship" from the beginning when they started dating, lived very far away, was emotionally unavailable (her words), her friends hated him, and they dated like this for 12 months. In my mind I'm thinking this just sounds like an extended booty call, but keep silent. She then mentions she has high expectations for a significant other, and won't compromise, which is her choice of course. This all sounded hypocritical given everything I'd learned about her and how our original first date 4 years ago went. When we originally met back then, I was "too far" away, and not at the proper success level. Now I find she's okay with doing an open relationship with someone who lives far away and doesn't want anything long term? On top of that, she mentions she wants to be married and have kids eventually. I mention that might be hard to find if you're not willing to compromise, and those guys who might meet her checklist criteria could be douchey as well (see her ex), and I could see her getting divorced if that happens. I didn't say this in a mean or lecturing sort of tone. She then flips and says she's gonna leave now, and immediately walks out. I sat there for a moment, finished my drink, picked up the tab, and left.<|response|> YTA. When you first met her, she had high standards. Sometime after that, she lowered her standards for a guy and it ended up being a horrible experience. So now she has high standards again, and you tell her to lower them again? It sounds like you just want her to be miserable. <|endoftext|>
46122	2	AITA for a shirt that I bought a couple weeks ago? I'm an openly straight 32 year old guy. I'm also supportive of the gays and my son is gay himself. I take him to pride every year and its a great time. However I recently bought a shirt that has ruffled some feathers. It says "LGTB Ladies Girls Tits Boobs". It's not supposed to be taken seriously it's just a funny shirt that I liked. My son bitched about how "disrespectful" it was. His boyfriend thought it was funny though but my son bitched to my wife about it and my wife bitched at me how its also "sexist". I told her and my son that he can wear whatever shirt he wants to represent his sexual preference and I'll do the same damn thing. AITA?<|response|> YTA for the following lines > the gays > I’m openly straight My yikes alarm is blaring <|endoftext|>
119345	5	AITA for standing up for a disabled person? I was at a bar with my girlfriend (8 years), college friend (4 years), and a group of GF’s work friends (~2 years) tonight. One of the work friends was on a date with someone who was using a walker. The person using the walker was in their mid to late 20’s. One of the other work friends warned us that the guy was disabled by physically emulating what walking with a walker would look like, and saying “one of our friends was set up on a blind date with a disabled guy.” This rubbed me the wrong way. I ended up talking to the guy with a walker for a while. He was very polite and fun to talk to. Later that night, he left. The same friend that described him earlier said something along the lines of “Finally, he (*making walker motion*) is leaving.” This really upset me. I said something like “oh yeah, fuck him, the disabled guy is finally leaving (/s).” Everyone looked kind of shocked, and asked what I had said. I repeated myself. I probably said it pretty aggressively, as I was angry. Everyone fell silent, and I excused myself to go to the bar. I offered to buy everyone in the circle a drink individually. I went to the bar and took my time to cool off. The night was a bit awkward afterwards, but I made a point to include everyone in the conversation, including the person that I likely upset by calling her out. My girlfriend and I left the bar with a close college friend in an Uber, on our way to another bar. I explained that I was sorry about the way I handled the situation (after GF brought it to my attention), but I’m not sorry for the position that I held. She agreed with my position for the most part, but was upset about possibly embarrassing her work friend, which she will have to see after the weekend is over. She was also upset with the way that I handled the situation. We continued to argue for the rest of the 10-15 minute ride. GF was upset because it may make an awkward time for her at work. I argued that it was fine with me if he work friend felt awkward, because I think it’s wrong to make fun of people who are disabled. Our college friend ended up getting annoyed with the bickering and left to go home once we got to the next bar. I texted an apology to college friend. She is very close and dear to GF and I, and I acknowledge that I’m already an asshole for the position that I put her in. I firmly stand by my initial position. Although I may make work a bit awkward for my girlfriend, I fundamentally would feel wrong to stand by silently. My girlfriend firmly stands by her belief that I was an asshole, not because of the position that I held, but because of the<|response|> NTA I firmly stand behind what you did. That guy was out of line. That fact that your girlfriend works with him is almost more of a reason to call him out. He needs to know that people will not tolerate discrimination, and maybe now he’ll think twice before he says something like that again. Maybe not. Either way, you stood up for someone who was being talked bad about being their back, who was being discriminated against. Could you have done it kinder? Sure. But considering hardly anyone stands up for others like this out of fear of being outcasted... you did something against the grain and good. We need more people to not be afraid to stand up to bullies like this. Mention to your girlfriend... what if it were the same situation, but he was discriminating against her, and he was making sexist comments? <|endoftext|>
13214	1	AITA: Purposefully unplugging a Plug Pirate I was at the mall doing my thing for Black Friday, and I get a notification on my phone that the charge on my EV was disrupted. I was like okay, that's strange. So I pay for my shit and walk outside to my car to make sure it's okay. And there it is.... The car next to me disconnected my car (I was pretty lucky to get the free port) from my car and ran it to his!! He was also parked in an EV spot with a Pay Charger!! But instead of paying a couple bucks for a charge, he disconnected my car! So I unplugged his car. I put it back into the port on the wall and drove off. Screw you dude. Reddit, an I an asshole? And is Plug Piracy a thing now???<|response|> NTA for sure. <|endoftext|>
498	1	AITA for trying to keep, friends and family separated? Here's the situation, I'm 23 and for that first time in my life I've moved out o from under my parents roof and in with 2 of my absolute best friends. I've come to the realization that I was raised very differently then them when it comes to family. They (Kelly and Austin) we're raised in big family oriented households and so every friend that they had in their lives met the whole of their respective families fairly soon. I however was not raised in such a family oriented way, I never had any friends meet my family unless it was absolutely necessary (going out of town, having a sleepover or what have you, things that required a parent or guardian to be aware of what was happening). Anyway a few weeks ago somehow meeting my now, Kelly and Austin have still never met my family but about a week ago it got brought up and I said I didn't want them to meet because it wasn't necessary. That's not to say they have no way to contact my family, I've given my friends my parents' phone numbers in case of an emergency and vice versa they want to meet and be incorporated into my family. I have met and get along famously with both of their families but then it wasn't really my choice to meet them it was just sort of a last minute thing. I don't really have any reasons for my friends to not meet my family other than it's not necessary or that the parties involved wouldn't mesh like I do with my friends it would be more like saying hello to someone in an office, nothing really there just a social obligation to be nice. Just curious if I'm in the wrong here.<|response|> You're not an asshole, I just don't like your comma use. <|endoftext|>
70358	2	AITA for wanting two people to pay less than the rest? First of all, english is not my native language so I apologize for any mistakes. In my group of friends we have the habit of dividing expenses equally. There have been very few times when we have used another way to share expenses. Last Saturday we got together to eat and the money went in food and drink. In that occasion we invite 2 friends of friends, John and Mike. The problem arises at the time of dividing the expenses, since John only drinks Coke and that Mike said that he was going to bring 3 six-pack of beer that they gave him at work (he works in a brewery and at the end of the month they gives him beer like a "gift/bonus"). At the beginning of the meeting (John and Mike were not present) they asked me to calculate how much it would cost each one, I made the calculations and clarified that I would not include in the part of Mike the drink and in the part of John I would only count the Coke (not the booze). Obviously, the food would go into each ones part. My friends dislike what I proposed and they told me that I was an asshole for wanting to charge them less, that we should all pay the same. If Mike wants to bring something, bring it but he will be charged the same as the rest, nobody asked him to bring anything; and with respect to John, if we began to divide the expenses depending on what each one consumes it would be a mess. One of them said he preferred that Mike pay the same as the rest to bring something, and that John worked and had the money to pay. The latter made me angry and I told them that they were being big assholes with Mike and John, that they were scamming on John and they were shitting on Mike's good intentions to contribute with something. At that moment I saw that the only one who thought differently was me, so I made silence and let it pass. Days later, thinking over it, I had doubts about the position I had taken that day. Was I really being an asshole for wanting to charge them less? Or I was right and they were behaving like assholes?<|response|> NTA Your group of friends are being greedy and wanting others to subsidise their binges. Make them pay for what they have. <|endoftext|>
43533	4	AITA for wanting to adopt my niece My sister has 5 kids and is pregnant with number 6. Yesterday CPS took the kids from her. She and her kids dad are both drug users, he beats her in front of the kids, the youngest 2 were born with cocaine in their systems. I was going to try to adopt the youngest. I told my other sister and she told me I'm disgusting, and she never wants to talk to me again, that I'm trying to steal the baby and implied I'm trying to replace my dead daughter with my niece. Am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA It's kind of you to be willing to open your home like this. But what about the other kids? I how you're not going to lose contact with them. <|endoftext|>
99102	3	AITA for slamming the door on my family’s guests? I (17M) am currently a HS student. My room is on the second floor of the house, it’s pretty big but kinda messy because I’m too lazy ofc. One night I was working on my laptop trying to finish an very important essay. I had procrastinated on it a little so I’m kinda in a rush. To help myself be the most productive possible, I took off my jeans, got into my most comfortable position on my bed and put on some random pop music just to help me focus, but then the door suddenly just opens and in comes my dad followed by like 4 guests. They start touring my room, while I quickly reached to turn the music off after a bit of initial shock. They looked around everywhere, and I didn’t really know what to do so I just stared at them. My dad wanted me to say hi and introduce myself, but I just couldn’t let out anything under that situation. They then left after looking through all the mess, and needless to say I was super embarrassed and angry. I quickly got dressed and went out. I met one of them in the living room and he said sorry about that so in courtesy I replied it’s fine, but I was still furious underneath, so when I returned to my room I slammed the door pretty loudly. Later when I went down again I found my mom in the kitchen who was really mad at me. She told me that I was being very rude to the guests. I didn’t say anything and went back to my room to finish up the essay. AITA? Here are a few more details that could be useful: -I was completely unaware of the guests before they came in. No one told me, nor did they knock before coming into the room. -The man was the only one who said sorry after. They other 3 said nothing. -What made me the most upset is that after seeing me with a laptop, my dad started talking about how gaming is such a problem for children nowadays with one of the women, right in front of me. Later when I wasn’t able to reply to their greetings, the woman was like “just let him be he’s too busy gaming”. -To be fair, it was my dad who led them in and didn’t knock, and he was also the one who initiated that gaming convo. Maybe I shouldn’t have been rude to the guests if it wasn’t really them. -my room had this huge train model which the previous owner left for us, so they most likely just came in to look at the model. They did glance everywhere, though. -my mother was sick and they were there to help with her illness so they were obviously nice people. Maybe I should have been more mature?<|response|> NTA - This is a total invasion of privacy for him to barge into your room, let alone with STRANGERS <|endoftext|>
146454	4	AITA for not wanting my son to live with his boyfriend when they start uni? *Edit: Thank you everyone for the comments. I guess I was wrong about being certain I will not change my mind. I'll have another conversation with my wife and son and try to be extra open-minded this time. I think my stubbornness came from making a decision on my own before even hearing them out, but you lot make some solid points. Especially about them probably spending all day together regardless of living apart and this not being worth creating a rift between us.* My son and his boyfriend are 18 and they just finished high school. Right before school ended, he came out to us and said his best friend was actually his boyfriend. My son has always had problems at school, he simply learns stuff in a different way and more slowly, and he's more of an artist than a scientist, whereas his boyfriend is some sort of genius that plays like 10 instruments, speaks 5 languages and could choose between 7 prestigious universities (and I'm talking fancy, difficult stuff like astrophysics and biomedicine). Throughout high school, the boyfriend helped my son with school and I'm pretty sure my son would have flunked several times without his boyfriend's help. But they're going to go to uni this fall and they're moving to the same city. They and my wife thought it was a given that they will rent a place and live together. I think this is a horrible idea. My son had his boyfriend's help in high school because they were in the same class and had the same subjects. But now he'll study one thing and his boyfriend a completely unrelated thing so he won't be able to help him. Therefore, I think his boyfriend would only be a distraction. I suggested to my wife we rent our son a small place where he would live on his own and have the peace and quiet he needs, but my wife thinks he also needs the emotional support that his boyfriend gives him. I think he can support our son without them living together, just like we will be able to support him from another city. I can't see them changing my mind about it nor do I think I'm wrong in having this way of thinking, so I wanted to hear other people's perspective. &#x200B; Edit: Someone asked for more info about who will be financing this so I'm adding my reply as an edit - Currently, my wife and I will be paying his rent. I don't know if he plans on finding a job. He doesn't need to, we can afford it, but if he wants to, we'll be fine with that.<|response|> YWBTA if you were to effectively facilitate their living apart through giving him something. Besides, if you give the son his own place... then, more than likely, the boyfriend will just move in anyway. > Therefore, I think his boyfriend would only be a distraction. What about love? Care? Support? Listening? Sharing? Companionship? And, yes, sex and romance. His only use to your son isn't academic. It's everything else, and they're going to make a relationship transition and that's fine. <|endoftext|>
53360	3	AITA for telling my sister i want to keep her dog? Background: my sister got this dog the wednesday before spring break and she left for the entire week leaving her dog with me and my boyfriend, no pay or anything. When she got back, she spent literally no time with this poor baby. Fast forward to end of may, she leaves to visit her friend, once again leaving her with me and my boyfriend for the entire summer and no pay. I have never seen a dog so attached to a person as she is to my boyfriend and he expressed to me that he (the guy who basically doesnt cry) can feel tears ready to come just thinking about giving this dog back to my sister. So i texted my sister and explained what was going on, just telling her that this puppy is extremely attached to my boyfriend and she starts spouting off shit about how we cant afford her (we can, we have decent enoigh jobs to support ourselves and this puppy) and how we can only keep her if we pay for her (my sister got this puppy for free). So... AITA if i keep trying to keep this dog?<|response|> ESH she sucks for not taking care of the puppy. The fact that you two have been watching the dog doesn’t make it yours though. If she’s that bad a dog-owner then maybe buy the puppy from her. <|endoftext|>
134319	3	AITA for not actively reaching out to a friend anymore The past few months, I feel like I am allowing a once vibrant friendship to wither and die. I have reasons though. The first reason is that whenever I hang out with this friend, they find a way to shame me for being in a happy relationship (they are currently not in one...and their relationship history is not a happy one). I do not EVER bring up my relationship, and it is very rare that I even bring my significant other around them because I know that they are easily triggered...however, it is almost like my friend has become obsessed with my personal life. The other major reason is that I feel like I have to hide every success from them...as a result, every time we speak/hang out, I am simply listening to whatever is going on in their life. Usually I feel like I'm playing therapist to them. I know that a good friend should be ok with just being there to listen, and I AM, but it is becoming very draining for me. I want to be a good friend, but I'm also feeling myself avoiding them in order to preserve my own well being. I feel really guilty when I think that I am abandoning them...but the longer I go between talking to them seems to be the better for me at the moment. I don't want to cut this person out of my life. We have a twelve year history. The more I think about our history though...the more I get resentful...they've kinda ALWAYS have been like this, but I just let it go. I don't think I can let it go any longer. :(<|response|> NTA. Be friends with people who make you happy, not guilty or uncomfortable. <|endoftext|>
68729	2	AITA did not allowing a friend to suck on a mint in my car? I have misophonia and am incredibly sensitive to chewing and smacking sounds. They cause me to have severe anxiety and provoke a fight or flight reaction from me. I’ve been this way all my life. I’m 40 years old and I’ve only just become more comfortable with telling people about this. A few weeks ago, a friend of mine and I went out to eat. After we were done, we both grabbed mints on our way out. I put mine in my mouth (my own noises don’t bother me), but I told him I’d appreciate if he waited until after we got back to my place. He looked at me like I was being incredibly rude. But I tried to remind him of my condition and he seemed like he didn’t understand (this is common for people that don’t understand that this condition goes beyond mere annoyance). I felt like a complete jerk for asking and the ride home felt awkward like I pissed him off. It’s causing me to rethink how I engage with others when it comes to this. Another example is that I occasionally have fights with my SO because of the stares I give him when he eats loudly. I often have to leave the room which makes him more angry. Anyhow, am I the asshole here? UPDATE — After making this post, I chatted with the friend tonight to see his point of view. He said he wasn’t offended by me eating the mint and he wasn’t pissed off, but that he was initially surprised by my question because he forgot about it. He and I are really close friends and for these types of things it’s usually water off a ducks back, so I apologized how I handled it either way and we left it at that. My friends are usually very supportive when it comes to this or any condition or ailment I may have. I make sure that I do the same for them. So I messed up that night by eating a mint. It was a mistake and nothing that a friend of mine would unfriend me over (as some of you suggested meh).<|response|> YTA. You can't eat your candy, while telling your friend he can't eat his. <|endoftext|>
118881	3	WIBTA for selling concert tickets that I promised a friend? Recently, a relatively large band that both me and my friend (let’s say Josh) really like has a series of very small shows running nearby to us.We agreed in advance that if I were to get tickets on our we would go together. Instead of paying me for his ticket, Josh and I agreed that we would write off £30 that I owed him (which was approximately the price of the ticket I’d be buying) and we’d call it even. The day of the ticket sale came and I was fortunate enough to get two for the price of £70, approximately £35 each. We were both obviously very happy. A couple of hours later I checked the prices of the tickets and was shocked to see prices as high as £350 selling on resale websites. Obviously, this is a lot of money and has made me consider either selling one or both tickets. Considering my friend had not actually purchased the ticket if I were to sell both tickets and pay him the £30 that I owe him would that make the the asshole? Or alternatively AITA if I just sell his ticket and keep my own? In whatever circumstance, I would pay him the money I owe him initially however am I the asshole if I do not pay him the full value of his ticket after being sold, which is likely to be around £300 and just the money that he is actually owed?<|response|> YTA you can't just sell someone's ticket, you are free to tell him about it and both sell your own ticket though. <|endoftext|>
171502	3	AITA for reporting my manager after she interrogated me after-work asking exactly what I am using a personal day for? As the title suggests, I live in NYC and I am a teacher. I needed to use a personal day, and messaged my boss about it. My boss has a tendency to ignore me messages, but I am always reassured that "he reads everything". I have gotten in trouble before for calling this out, so I simply left the message on Tuesday. Friday rolls around, still no reply. I send another message just further verifying the situation, and I take off the Saturday (today). Two hours later, I get a call from my boss. She is demanding to know why I am skipping work. I explained I messaged her about this days ago, but she had ignored my messages. She admits she missed my message, but then explains she is a manager and is allowed to miss messages because she deals with so much. Suddenly, she asks me what I am doing on my day off. I explain that I need to be someplace. This was not good enough. My boss asked for more information. I explained that I have an appointment. Not good enough. Again. She asked "appointment for what?" At this point I get extremely uncomfortable and I explain that I need to attend something related to my health. Again, this was not good enough. It got to the point where she repeated "I need to know exactly what you are doing on Saturday" that I spilled the beans and explained I have an inactive thyroid problem with blood pressure issues and I want to attend a seminar on solutions. This satisfied her, and we both hung up. The entire time I was on the phone with my principle, I could hear soft chattering and clicking glasses in the background. She was obviously at a bar, and was drinking with her friends showing off her "authority". I am in shock. I know for fact there will be a meeting about this Monday. However, my roommate mentioned how my principle basically violated EOC laws. Basically, her asking such in-depth questions about my personal days is apparently a violation? Especially discussing this in front of other people? I want to watch myself with the possibility of being fired, and if so, can I use this as a complaint to HR? I do not want to involve a lawyer of unemployment benefits if I am let go, but this seems so shady to me. I have been told to go to HR about this. AITA for messaging HR? Are managers allowed to ask these questions?<|response|> NTA. It is illegal for a boss to compel an employee to divulge medical details in the US. Unfortunately this was not in writing, so be prepared for your boss to lie about the conversation. <|endoftext|>
171616	3	WIBTA If I told the other intern at work to stop following me around so much? I've been at my internship for three months now and have three months left to go. I work on a small team in a larger company - two employees + one boss. I sit right next to an intern (I'll call him Nathan) on an even smaller team - it's just him and his boss. The two employees on my team work right behind us but there's a partition, so you have to stand up to talk to them. I like my coworkers a lot, and we'll chat pretty frequently throughout the day. I'd say about ⅔ of conversations are work-related and ⅓ are just banter. Nathan started joining in on the friendly conversations, which I didn't mind at all, but now joins about 100% of all my conversations - including the work ones. He won't join if it's just my coworkers and our boss talking. But as soon as I stand up, he immediately does too. More times than I can count, he's stood up and hovered over my shoulder while I asked one of my coworkers a simple work-related question. Thursday, was the breaking point for me. Our office has a pumpkin-carving competition for Halloween and we'd invited Nathan to join our team. We stayed after work to carve the pumpkin and had a fun time. When my boss got in the next day my coworkers and I went into my boss' office for our regular morning check-in. I didn't realize until I heard him close the door behind me, but Nathan had followed me into my boss' office - somewhere he's never been invited before because he's not on my boss' team. And sure, we talked about the pumpkin for a minute, but most of the conversation was about work. And he just stood there throughout the rest of the check-in. Later that day, I was printing a bunch of stuff out and struck up a conversation with the intern who works right next to the printer. Across the office, I saw Nathan poke up his head like a meerkat from behind the partition, then half-jog all the way over to the printer to join the conversation. The printer finished right as he got there, so I walked back over to my desk and he basically did a 180 and followed right after me. Nathan is a nice kid, but I'm getting sick of having a shadow and I think it might be negatively impacting my job performance. I don't think my coworkers like him very much, and I think they avoid talking to me more than necessary because they don't want to talk to Nathan too. On days he's out of the office, they're much chattier. WIBTA if I told the other intern to stop following me around so much? Or should I just suck it up? I know he's lonely on his one-person team and I don't want him to feel ostracized, but I'm sick of him joining every conversation I<|response|> NTA but do it gently. I'm surprised your (or his) boss or the other employees haven't asked him what his deal is. If he's not supposed to be in the meeting, he shouldn't be there, he should be working on his own shit. <|endoftext|>
14624	5	AITA for asking my boyfriend to kick his ex-girlfriend off of his Netflix account? Boyfriend and I have been together 8 months. He was broken up with the ex for like a month before he and I became official. My boyfriend and the ex don’t talk, as far as I know. But she’s still on his Netflix account. My thing is, I feel like if you’re no longer in a relationship, you’d probably cut ties like this. My boyfriend gave me the Netflix password as well. But sometimes I get locked out of his Netflix because there can only be two screens going at a time. So my boyfriend, the ex, and I can’t all use it separately at once. That’s how I first found out she’s still on it. I asked my boyfriend why he doesn’t change his password and he sort of brushed it off and said he felt bad or something. I’m honestly annoyed. I can afford my own Netflix but it’s the principle, for me. It sort of bothers me that he would want to pay for someone who he’s not dating anymore. And he acts as if this girl was so awful to him as well, so it’s not like it ended on good terms. Am I wrong for pushing him to boot her out??<|response|> I can definitely see where you're concerned. I had an ex on my Netflix for a long while, but we also ended on good terms, and the GF and I pretty much only watched Netflix with each other. You're not entitled to his Netflix, but I get why you feel that you should have priority over an ex. Ultimately if you push the issue, you'll eventually get your way, but he will be annoyed. It sounds like he is just a nice dude, and sharing is caring or whatever. NTA, but you could quickly become one by making demands about something you are getting for free. Either way, the whole situation sounds sticky. <|endoftext|>
14025	4	AITA: I’m sick of people constantly being late and doing favours for people when I get no favours back? So I want to start this by saying that I’m not the sort of person that does favours expecting favours, I’ll never accept any form of payment from my friends for doing them favours e.g. I used to take / pick up my friends from the city centre which would take about 60-90 minutes and cost around £3-5, I’ve seen my friends pay others £10 at minimum to get picked up by others (taxis are around £25) and I’ve never really wanted to be that guy (not that there’s anything wrong with being that guy, it’s fair to be compensated for your time & cost) however these friends have been my friends since we were 12/13 & others from when we were kids. I’ve noticed a lot of annoying behaviour from my friends such as I’ll do so much for them and help them get through daily life from things like taking them to do their food shopping, dropping or picking them up from various places and also lending them money without any interest, not a single penny. These friends don’t pay me back on time, blow whatever money they do get or just flat out lie and that’s annoying, I wouldn’t mind if they just told me flat out “Hey man, I’m sorry I don’t have the money can I pay you another time?” Over the whole lying thing as lying really pisses me off. Along with that the other day I was stuck in city centre as there were no trains in to where I live however I let my friends know this about 6/7 hours in advance and I got told by them that they’ll come get me and they were going out near the city centre so it wasn’t an issue for them. The time comes and they’re no where to be seen and they’re excuse was they were eating (they started queuing for a restaurant 30minute before I was going to get off the train), 45 minutes later they hadn’t even bothered to text or ring so I spent literally my last bits of money getting a taxi home. Along with this we never really go out to wherever I suggest it’s never an option and always just thrown aside & I’ve got another friend who we constantly wait for because he’s constantly late and will make you wait outside his house for 10-15 minutes average before coming out of his house. I’ve got another set off friends who I hang around with here and there so they sell me out whenever but I’m not too frustrated at that as they’re not my main friendship circle. All of these little things building up constantly have just left me to exhausted mentally, I can’t find it within me to really get out much and just prefer hanging out on my own and going on drives, I’ve got somewhat of a plan to further my own personal development starting 2019<|response|> NTA unless you never talk to them about it. It sounds like you’re a nice person who doesn’t want to make anyone upset, but you’re kinda letting yourself get walked all over from the sounds of it. You don’t have to stop doing nice things for them, but just let them know it hurts when they aren’t honest with you or don’t seem to value your friendship. If they are apologetic and change, then good. If not, you probably need to distance yourself some because they aren’t the best friends. <|endoftext|>
31893	3	AITA for being mad my ex brought me flowers? We ended our relationship about 2 weeks ago, but he made it very clear he wants to get back togethere. I do not want that, because I believe our views on life, how a relationship should be and our future plans are just to different. We were always fighting and were both unhappy. But due to the fact he tried to contact me almost daily I agreed to meet up for a final talk about why I don't want us being togethere anymore. I made it very clear beforehand what it would be about and that I don't intend to get back with him. So we meet up and he brings me a bunch of roses and talks about how much he loves me. I asked if he was kidding and got really mad, because I felt like he was trying to guilt trip me into coming back and made it much worse for both parties by doing that. Then he got upset about me and claimed I was ungrateful and just want to hurt him more. AITA for getting mad about the flowers?<|response|> NTA, he's not taking no for an answer. Honestly do not respond anymore. He took you agreeing to meet him as him having a chance. <|endoftext|>
129823	4	AITA for refusing to wear a bra at home despite my parents demanding it? To keep it short, my mom wants me to wear a bra at home because my little brother's recently taken to touching my chest, we all know he doesn't mean anything by it considering he's so young. She says it's because I'm not wearing a bra that he's doing this, that I shouldn't let him get close enough to touch me like that and is telling me that I have to start wearing one around the house and I flat our refuse, especially considering that she doesn't wear one and the girls in our family aren't allowed to wear things like short shorts or straps ANYWHERE so it's not as if I'm wearing promiscuous clothing (a shirt one size too big and pants that only show a bit of ankle and above is a typical outfit) AITA for thinking that this isn't the way to teach my brother that touching people without consent isn't appropriate and places sole responsibility on the female to cover up or be touched? &#x200B; EDIT: Ive mentioned this a few times in the comments but he's 6 years old, and he really doesn't know what he's doing tbf when my mum told him not to touch OPs chest he replied with a completely innocent face "what chest, a treasure chest?"<|response|> I’m the parent of a 6 year old and he most definitely understands that he shouldn’t touch anyone’s private areas. They are not naive and will push boundaries to see what they can get away with. Here’s a cringeworthy thought. What if he gets a little older and touches another girl inappropriately and shrugs it off because his sister let him do it. NTA, but he’s smarter than you think. Set those boundaries. Even when it comes with an oops. He needs to know it’s not okay. <|endoftext|>
144202	4	AITA for not commiting Ok so, really short backstory. I am a 20yo guy that just finished my military service year and is finally ”free” to do as I please with my life and time. I have been on and off with a few women during these last years but none of them felt like there was any hope for a relationship and I was never sure If I even wanted one. Ok so fastfoeward to about two weeks ago I was messing around on tinder when I found this girl that was pretty cute but since I never used tinder in a serious sense I was kind of surprised when she asked me to go swimming with her one night. We had been talking for a good like 3 days until this happened. I never thought this would lead to anything and I just kind of went for it, it was a good time not gonna lie. We ended up in my place and the next morning a few words from my uncle kept rolling around in my head. ”I have tried to tell your father, I have tried to tell your brother, the same thing as I am now telling you. Don’t get yourself caught up in a relationship or anything serious in your young 20’s. You have a whole life and there will always be another girl. Getting caught up now will make you miserable” Now, like I said I was never sure a relationship is actually what I wanted to have but from what I couls tell this girl is not the hit and run type. A few days pass, and every night she would ask if she could come over, and as dumb as I am I kept saying okay. Until eventually i realised how much I was leading her on. Make no mistake, I made no effort at all to see her it was just her making an effort to see me. So since I am not the smoothest guy i just kept making up excuses like how im too tired to see her ans such instead of just straight up saying what I wanted. Of course eventually she got tired of it and upset and now we are on non speaking terms I guess. So AITA for not wanting to commit at 20 and being terrible at behing straight up about it?<|response|> YTA, I'm not sure why you say commit here, when you had one hook up, unless I'm missing something. But regardless, there's nothing wrong with not wanting anything more than a one night stand. But when someone wants more, you become the asshole by not telling them your intention. <|endoftext|>
119993	3	AITA for blowing up at neighbor for not preventing our child from going missing? Yesterday our 3 year old went on a little adventure. My husband came home from doing some errands, we chatted for a bit in our kitchen, leaving our son to play on his own like we always do in an adjacent-but-not-in-eyesight room. He usually watches TV for a bit after his snack, it's been the routine for a year now. Color us surprised when he managed to unlock the front wooden door, open it, unlock the front glass door, and open it, get down our porch all without us noticing. We noticed after about 10min and we freaked out. 911 and 3hr later, he's brought home from a few blocks away: full of mud but otherwise O.K. I'm not asking if we were the assholes for not paying attention, because I know we full well were. I do want to ask about our neighbor though and if me blowing up at her was justifiably assholish. After we had our baby back, she piped in to the police officers with us in earshot "oh I saw him running across the street, I thought he was playing so didn't do anything". She detailed she knew our kid got out unattended (and did nothing), what direction he went in (and told no one), and previously said she had no idea about anything (lying to cops and us). I don't get along with my neighbor. She somehow has four cars to their household and frequently parks in our driveway. We don't have a car ourselves. It's been a constant battle over the last five years to get her to stop. She's retaliated, too, but I think this time goes too far. I exploded at her and would have got physical were the police not there. While I know we should have been more attentive, what my neighbor did was outright malicious. AITA for exploding at her? Is she TA?<|response|> YTA In this specific situation. Your neighbor had no obligation to care for or supervise your child. That being said, if she parks her vehicle on your property again, have it towed. <|endoftext|>
84875	2	AITA for asking roommate to take puke bag out? Get home after seeing my mom for a day, to the entire kitchen and living area REEKING like vomit. Brand new bag in the kitchen clearly full of vomit. Been ALSO watching the roommates untrained puppy 11 days out of the last two weeks, cleaning up poop and pee daily. They aren't home right now. Asked them to take out the trash ASAP as I have a total puke phobia and am sick of cleaning up bodily functions. Currently hiding in my room. Am I the asshole for not taking it out myself?<|response|> nta! that sounds disgusting. like why would they leave their vomit in the trash <|endoftext|>
80190	2	AITA for yelling at a stranger for sitting next to me at Duncan Donuts? Here’s some context. So on my lunch break I’m going to Dunkin’ Donuts to get myself some tea and read a book. I order my stuff and take a seat at a table in the corner. It’s a booth seat that goes along the wall with tables on the other side spaced every two or three feet. Now mind you the place is completely empty. So anyway I’m just sitting there enjoying my hot beverage and book and all the sudden this guy ends up sitting right next to me not even a foot away. He’s basically breathing down my neck. I try to ignore it but I could just feel the heat radiating off his body and it’s starting to drive me a little crazy. I’m trying to take in the book but all I could think about is this strange old man sitting next to me. So finally I snap. “ The place is completely empty so why the fuck are you sitting here”? He stared at me for like two seconds and finally left to sit on the other side of the place. I kind of feel bad but do you think I overreacted? EDIT: I wasn’t clear when I was explaining the guy sitting next to me. He was not mentally handicapped. I forgot to mention that he was a bulky guy in construction cloths and he was talking on his phone the entire time. My bad for leaving that out. It literally happened five minutes before I wrote this<|response|> NTA. He sat down in your booth? Right next to you? When the place was empty? He's an inconsiderate jerkwad. Dude needs to learn how to behave in public and respect other people's space. <|endoftext|>
52725	2	AITA for getting impatient with a friend for canceling plans? We've been close friends for many years, but we haven't managed to meet for almost three years now. We've consistently talked through either texts or Instagram without any conflict until recently. I've been trying to plan some get togethers with other mutual acquaintances, but she's had to cancel within two weeks of the planned date every time due to something coming up. It's either her mom won't let her because she has to study, or some other excuse of the sort. This August, I'd finally gotten another meeting planned after she told me that she could make it, but today, I was told that she'd gotten tickets for a concert with someone else on that date and that she couldn't make it. Annoyed and a little hurt, and frankly a little suspicious, I told her to tell me if she doesn't want to meet up, and I'll stop trying to schedule things. After a few hours of no response despite seeing that she was active on her phone, I simply said, "Alright, I guess that's a yes then." Feeling a little sorry, I went to apologize, only to find I've been blocked. I've been hurting because I just lost a close friend, but I don't know if what I said was really that wrong. AITA?<|response|> NTA. Sometimes friends grow apart and it’s painful but NTA <|endoftext|>
188489	4	WIBTA: If I bought a teddy as a gift for my pregnant friends unborn child. My friend is pregnant and they have a cute nickname for their baby. I wanted to get them a congrats gift that is a teddy that represents this name but, I don't know if this breaks any unwritten rules. Do parents usually want to buy their baby their first teddy? Would it be weird to buy a gift about a nickname they share together? Edit: I haven't spoken to them yet as I wanted it to be a surprise but wanted to know if it's an obvious no before I approach the subject<|response|> NAH my only advice though is wait until your friend is pretty far along. I made the mistake of getting my friend a childrens book when she announced her pregnancy but then she had a miscarriage so it was a little awkward. <|endoftext|>
73667	3	AITA for constantly jumping on curtains friends Facebook posts? So I'll preface with I am a veteran. Since discharging its warped my opinion and I'm not a big supporter. I have a couple of friends, Tom and Sarah, who are civilians, and love love love the army. Part of me believes it's because they see it as something "bad ass". Sarah has been my best friend for years, and often I comment on her pro military posts, with links to reputable sources if I see something I personally dont believe. Tom is also a friend. I feel comfortable correcting them and not every post on Facebook because it's not like I'm calling them idiots. I usually just show up in their posts with these links. I'm hoping for a DISSCUSSION, maybe I'm wrong. I'm open to it. Yesterday Sarah posted something pro the vietnam war. Spoiler alert, we didnt win and lost so many men. I posted my links and a little debate ensued. Some other people chimed in. Some for my opinion and others against. I went to bed and forgot all about this. Well this morning Sarah texts me pissed saying one of the people arguing was her grabdfather- a Vietnam vet. I didnt know that, I didnt check his profile. She also made a status about "fragile milenials" and mentioned in her text that the status isnt about me.... but the shoe seems to fit. I know you only have my word to go by. But assuming everything I say isnt insulting to the other party, am I the ass hole for posting my OPINION on Facebook, knowing the poster is against it?<|response|> Not really an opinion that the Americans lost the Vietnam war... in every way that its measurable the US got their butt kicked and that's not really up for debate, nor is it a comment on the people who fought in it. The people who are responsible for its loss were at the top of the structure and most likely never even visited the warzone. <|endoftext|>
122135	5	AITA for skipping my aunt’s wedding to play soccer? My aunt, who I’ve never been close with, is getting married the same day that I have a soccer game 1 month from now. My mom already told me her I’m going, despite me never agreeing to in the first place. I only see my aunt once every couple of years so I decided to ask her if it’d be alright if I didn’t attend her wedding and went to play in the game instead. I told her that soccer means a lot to me and that this game is really important. She told me she understood and said I had her blessing to go play and she wished me good luck. My mom was pretty upset because apparently I wasn’t the only one skipping the wedding. Her brothers and their kids didn’t want to make the trip and her aunt couldn’t make it due to poor health. She also said that by me not showing up there was going to be a disproportionate number of girls to boys. She told me my aunt must’ve been pretty hurt by me asking to skip her wedding but she didn’t sound upset. She didn’t even know who I was, when I approached her she asked me “who’s kid are you?”. I will play no role at the wedding so I don’t think there’s a point of me being there when my aunt didn’t recognize me<|response|> NAH. Your mom wants to support your aunt (who also sounds lovely) and you took reasonable steps to talk with aunt about it. I'm sure your aunt wasn't glad to hear it, but she handled it gracefully. I hope you will be equally graceful in sending her a nice wedding gift. <|endoftext|>
63186	2	AITA for buying a gun after my roommate said he doesn’t want one in the apartment? Now with that tittle I realize it makes me sounds like a giant, gaping ass hole. BUT, I feel like I was very reasonable in my actions. I got an apartment with my friend while we finish our college. We’ve both got a couple years left. He’s going to be a teacher and I’m going for criminal justice to be a cop. Something he has known. Despite being a college town, the actually city we live in is not the best. Which is all well and good, just keep the doors locked and all. A couple weeks ago, the people right next to us had their car vandalized and where robbed. That night, I explained that I want us to have a gun. Nothing crazy. A pistol at most, honestly. My friend didn’t like the idea, saying that it wasn’t safe and that it would create more problems. He’s not familiar and comfortable too much with guns. I wasn’t comfortable with guns for a while till I started spending a little time every month shooting targets. I get where he’s coming from. I argued that it could have easily been us that was robbed. My classes are hybrid, so I’m in the apartment a lot, doing school work. If I’m at my desk working and someone breaks in, I’d prefer to be armed. I’m not trying to kill anybody. I understand it takes a lot to pull the trigger on another human. Honestly. I’d never go for it, but since this just happened and so close, I wanted protection. I bought a small pistol, and placed it in my nightstand. I’m not carrying it around town, concealing it or anything. It’s in my nightstand. I told him and he freaked out. He said he wasn’t comfortable with a gun and that I was insane. I feel a little bad but I want peace of mind. AITA<|response|> >I feel a little bad but I want peace of mind. Well as long as you have your peace of mind, fuck his, right? YTA <|endoftext|>
74105	5	AITA for not properly responding to a stranger who greeted me? So, I'm a 17-year-old high-school student who suffers from social anxiety, along with some other lovely mental illnesses that I'd rather not talk about. That's not to say that I haven't been trying to improve with the conditions that I have. I participated in our school's musical and cabaret last year, as well as taking up some leadership roles concerning club activities and other school events. I don't have my driving permit/license yet, so I rely on public transportation to get home from school. I'm okay when it comes to talking to people within my age range, but I find adults a lot less approachable. On the bus, I was able to politely tell someone that I was saving a seat for a friend, and halfway through the ride, I decided to put in my earbuds and set my phone to about 75% of its volume. About ten minutes pass and I get off on my stop, along with another person I knew from school. Eventually, we'd separate at a crossroad and I'd be alone again. That was fine with me. I just wanted to get home. When I was approximately two blocks away from my house, I spotted two elders. One of them was old enough that they had to use a walking frame, and the other seemed to be in his mid-sixties or early-seventies. I started to pick up my pace and tried to avoid eye contact to minimize any chances of social interaction. As I was about to pass them by, I heard a faint mutter. Now, at this point in time, I still had my earbuds in. I wasn't sure if it was another source of sound, if it was just my music, or if one of them actually said something. Wanting to play the safe and neutral route, I made eye contact with them, conjured a half-smile, then proceeded to go about my business. Apparently, that wasn't enough. Out of nowhere, I heard the younger man scream out "**HEY!**" and the suddenness of the noise literally made me jump in place. This time, I turned around to face him, lifted my arm so that my hand was near my shoulder to gesture a half-assed wave, then turned back around to continue my walk home. I didn't look back at until I was at my front door. Was I being rude for barely acknowledging someone who was trying to speak to me?<|response|> NTA. But I live in NYC where it’s 100% normal and actually necessary to ignore a decent chunk of the people who try to talk to you. You never know whose a weirdo. If someone’s talking to you because they need help calling 911 or something legit, that’s fine but that’s where your obligations end. You don’t have to talk to people if you don’t want to <|endoftext|>
58315	3	AITA for making someone repaint their senior parking spot for having “Black Power” written on it? So my school for fund raising for our JROTC is allowing seniors to purchase specials spots to park and paint. After going through all the paper work and paying the money we have to provide the mock drawing of our parking spot designs. Well turns out getting our parking spots approved was a little strict. For example we couldn’t have college football teams logos due to rivals, one of my friends who’d father is a police officer couldn’t have the blue lives matter flag, personally I wanted to make my spot a monopoly board but I couldn’t have the word jail, they even went as far as to not allow a student to make a Betsy Ross Flag due to recent events. With finally getting through the design phase and everyone is free to come out the week before school to paint, which was a lot of fun. Today after I finished mine, me and a group of friends walked around looking at the spots and that’s when we saw in big letters “Black Power”. Now it wasn’t like they were far into the creating process but we felt like it was unfair how that got approved but so many other things didn’t. So we expressed our side to the person over seeing it and after so explanation they decided to tell the person they needed to paint over the black power. Later a couple of people called us assholes for suppressing people’s views. AITA?<|response|> NAH. The rules should apply to everyone equally, regardless of race, ethnicity and background. Something slipped through and the administrator corrected it. <|endoftext|>
103698	4	AITA for not giving my ex that cheated on me her things back? A girl I dated for a year ended up cheating on me while she was in another country and ended up leaving what i'd estimate to be around $200 worth of her clothes and shoes at my house. I want no contact with this person and figure she isn't even worth the postage it would cost to return these items via mail. I in no way think she is owed these items back after the way she decided to throw away our relationship. Am i an asshole for thinking this? Edit: I know i'm not supposed to delete or edit the main text of this but i hope its okay to say that my mind has been changed. I think the hole situation skewed my thinking and made me much more petty than i would like to be. I plan on returning the Items via mail, with NO note attached.<|response|> I feel posts like this are tough for this sub because it's real easy to pass judgement in a very black and white, asshole or not-asshole way, but to have been cheated on makes this an irrational and emotional situation where what most people would say is petty or returning rudeness with more is just acting on precedent and playing by her rules. She chose to act like a shit-ass, she can't possibly expect kindness in return for what she did, and neither should anyone. Consider the most well-mannered behavior and suave decorum a mitzvah, not the standard in this situation. The poor fuck deserves to show her what's what if it's like that. She didn't have to take it there, but she did, so she better not blow up on OP if she gets her comeuppance. If anything the work to be a better person is totally on her, OP giving her a taste of her medicine is probably just what she needs, seeing what a shitty person she is first-hand. <|endoftext|>
39570	3	AITA for getting upset at my (56f) mom over sending me (28m) free MLM products? Okay strap in kids I'm on mobile and I have horrible grammar. Backstory- My mom has done mlms since I was a child, so much so I would call it an addiction. Over the years I was a guinea pig for countless products. She spent all our money on products to the point we didn't have food and I went with out underwear for months. Weird I know but it sucked also had to eat some really questionable stuff just to get by. Beyond that she missed my entire childhood not that it was great anyway. She always said this will get us rich or it will save your life etc. It never did in fact it ruined alot of my life. Now- Flash forward to the past few years, I found out I have a brain tumor thats non cancerous but causes alot of problems. I have multiple health issues that cause alot of pain. I just didn't win the genetic lottery lol. I keep in good spirits and press on. My mother however now sends me tons of MLM vitamins and other crap I don't want nor will I use. My mother knows I hate anything about MLMs and I believe they prey on poor people and the mentally I'll. We have had countless fights about the fact I no longer want to be pitched too. Important- Yesterday she calls me and pitches this new product to me for 40 mins.... She knows I am super stressed right now. I thought I was going to lose my job 3 days ago because I keep getting sick but it looks like my FMLA is coming through. She knows I'm under alot of stress. I set boundaries years ago telling her I didn't want to here about MLM stuff. She tells me today she signed me up for one and ordered literal salt water called ASEA in my name. I lost my shit and told her it was to far I sent her tons of info proving it's just salt and water at 60 dollars a liter. She shot it all down saying I didn't understand the science. Both my sisters always do what she asks and take wte she tells them too. They both said they want to stay out of it. Even though my mom bought it for me I am still on there list now and she wasted money again. I have really thought about cutting her off all together and being done. I love her and she's been there for me in the past but I can't take it anymore. She doesn't understand boundaries and I don't think she will. Edit: spelling. TLDR: My mother sends me free product to use I do not want. She wastes alot of money on it. I got upset at her over this. AITA for blowing up over something so small, am I being petty because of my childhood?<|response|> NTA. That being said...why don’t you just take the products to appease your mom and then give them away for free or throw them in the trash? Ending a relationship over this seems unnecessary. <|endoftext|>
175991	3	AITA for reneging on a joint birthday party because the other party is an alcoholic? Background: I met this neighbor through my husband who played with her kids at the community pool. So when they wanted to do a double date, we were excited because being a couple in our late 30s and early 40s, most of our friends are divorced so we dont get this opportunity much. So over the last 2 years our kids have birthdays they're mutually invited to, we go to the parents birthdays, stuff like that (which she gets fucking wasted at). Her husband doesnt really have friends, and her friends are mostly people 15-20 years her junior who worked at a breakfast joint together. So getting chummy with this woman I found her to have lost her identity for being a mom and wife. Sadly that isnt an uncommon story. When she expressed an interest in dancing, something I have a HUGE passion for, I decided to take her to the weekly social local to us. Both times it ended in a shit show where she was incoherently drunk, crying on the shoulders of who were to her random people about her life and what not. The dance community is small here and they will remember. It was seriously embarrassing. So fast forward to now. I have my last birthday of my 30s and I want it to be amazing. I have a birthday super close to Christmas so historically I have held it the Friday a couple weeks before, which happens to fall on her birthday. Being ignorant at the time to how she is totally incapable of moderating her drinking, I agreed to a joint birthday party. I told her i have always had it at this brewery because it is a great space with lots of board games so my super eclectic group of friends can gather and have some fun with people they have nothing in common with. So after this embarrassing drunken debauchery she messages me and says she doesnt want to have it there because they dont have wine. Like a lower abv would hurt or whatever. I was thinking of just telling her I had to move it to Saturday, a day I know is unavailable for her, and having it anyway. I just want my birthday to be easy and fun like it has always been. But I feel bad because I have never uninvited anyone, let alone a guest of honor.<|response|> NTA. If you want to have your birthday at a brewery, have it at a brewery. If you don't want someone at your birthday, don't invite them to your birthday – especially an alcoholic who will likely cause you embarrassment. <|endoftext|>
104016	4	AITA for asking my mom to stop waking my baby? My mom normally visits every monday, sometimes others day of the week but this is most consistent. I have an almost 9 month old baby that she absolutely loves but she does not remember at all what it's like to have one. She does not know how to be quiet and frequently interrupts any attempts at putting my little one down for a nap. For just today's context: LO and I woke up at 7:30am, went down for a nap at 10:00am which only lasted 30 minutes because she had shown up and refused to stop talking when he began to wake up from the noise. Fine, whatever, she gives me money to go buy lunch for us. I get back and after we finish eating I move into the kitchen at about 11:30 to begin making her food to eat on through the week (she brings over foods for me to make her because she no longer cooks). I finish around 1:30pm and she had finally gotten his cranky ass to sleep so I begin cleaning and go to use the bathroom. I switch out with her to take my son so she can use the bathroom and she walks back into the living room and refuses to stop speaking while I try to hush her cause she's waking him up again. At this point my baby has only had an hour of sleep for the day and he needs way more sleep than that. I'm definitely a little upset because anyone who has even breathed around a baby should know how temperamental and cranky they easily become. I turn to her and say "Seriously, can you stop waking him up?" finally after dealing with it for almost 9 months and she gets mad. She grabs her purse and keys ignoring her groceries she brought over and begins lashing out saying "Fine, if I'm such an inconvenience then I'll just leave." I ask her if she is going to take her food that I had boxed up for her and she responds "No, I'll just throw it out anyways because you make it the way I won't eat it." and slams the door and leaves. I've made comments to her before about how loud she is but always in a joking manner so she would not get sensitive and throw a fit like she just did, but it's getting old. I called my SO up to vent to him and he agreed with me because she does not have to deal with a pissed off baby all day like us, but he may be biased because he does not like my mom.<|response|> I have found that running a white noise machine in the room where the baby is sleeping can help drown out some of the ruckus of outside. You can buy a white noise machine anywhere from $20 to hundreds of dollars. <|endoftext|>
123832	2	AITA For turning a massage, sexual while gf was sick last night Almost every time she asks for a massage, we end up having sex afterwards. But this time she asked for a massage while having sinus issues and headaches (3rd day having it and today she is totally fine). So I started the massage like usual, she took her shirt and bra off and I continued the massage. Little later She pulled her shorts down for me to massage her butt like usual. And I still kept up the massage like normal but I started getting horny and started dry humping her and reaching around and massaging her breasts which lead into me getting naked and etc. We didnt end up actually having sex, just kinda rubbing on each other. She never said anything about not liking it either. At the end of it all I did feel bad for sexualizing a massage while she wasnt feeling the greatest so when I was done with the massage I told her "Sorry about that at the end there, I got a little ahead of myself" or something along those lines and she said "thats alright." Which then I went to work because I work 3rd shift. The next day which is today I worked until 6am and woke up around 2pm. When I woke up she seemed irrated by something and I asked her what was wrong and she said "nothing just irrated at life right now, nothing about you." Later that day we went for a walk and she still acted irrated by something and final she said about how just because she gets naked for a massage doesnt mean that she wants me to do anything sexual. Which could be understandable if she would have to me right then and there. But instead, she waited an entire day to tell me she didnt like it. So I told her that she didnt tell me to stop and that it was annoying. And all she said was that sometimes I shouldnt have to tell you which now confuses the crap out of me. Because now I feel like the asshole even though I dont understand how I should have known to stop. There was no vocal or body language for me to stop, she just laid there and enjoyed it (so I thought.) Now Ive just been laying in bed all night replaying the scenerio over and over again in my head questioning myself on if I am the asshole I never wanted or thought I would be in life. This is probably the most confused I have ever been in life and I have no idea what to do in this situation.<|response|> Tbh YTA here. She was sick & wanted you to take care of her not fuck her brains out <|endoftext|>
128645	5	WIBTA if I take my kids from a preschool they love because the director and other moms are "mean-girling" a new, younger mom? Using a throwaway because I'm active on my city's subreddit and people would instantly know the school I'm talking about. We have been sending our kids to a pre-school for the last 4 years. It shares (we thought) our values, we like that it's mostly outdoors, the kids run around barefoot, they are taught about nutrition, they raise chickens, build tree-forts, and on and on. It really is a wonderful place. They also do wonderful nights for adults as well and for example Elizabeth Warren, Alexandra Occacio-Cortez and several local progressive politicians have hosted meet and greets at the school and we love it. Early this year there was a new mom who's kid was accepted into the school. She is single and very much struggling so the director made an exception and reduced her tuition since the school saved her almost 1.5 hour commute in dropping her kid off. I like her a lot. But she is very "cute," she also very much looks like she learned how to be "hippy" from Instagram which I think rubs a lot of the real "hippies" in their 40s the wrong way. There is no doubt that she gets way more glances from the dad's driving in her topless jeep than the rest of the moms do. I slowly started to notice that the director and other moms were making comments behind her back. This bothered me to no end but I figured it was none of my business and the most I could do would be nice to the new mom. Well yesterday I dropped my kids off and found the new mom crying in her car. I told her I was sorry to interrupt but wanted to make sure she was ok. She said that her kid loved the preschool but she just wasn't fitting in and she was thinking about leaving. I asked her why and she said this lady named "Hope" had come up to her and told her directly that her dress was drawing the "wrong kind of attention" (the new mom is first grade teacher and was dresses like...a first grade teacher) and she was sick of people just being "mean." I told her how sorry I was and she drove off. I went to talk to the director and the director told me to my face "if she doesn't want to be treated like that, maybe she shouldn't act like that." I was knocked off my feet. I asked her to clarify. She said "she shouldn't look like she's wearing mommy's dress up clothes." I told her this a single mom we're talking about not a TV show character. Director told me "well hopefully she figures it out and she won't have to worry about it." I told her that this isn't what I expected from this school, she said she's never had to "deal with" a mom like "that" before. I left furious.<|response|> NTA, but I also don't like the idea of pulling your kids out. I've worked in preschool settings and the bond some kids make with their caregivers have a lasting, wholly positive impact. Also, I'm not sure how it works where you live (I'm in the UK) but if your kids are 4, will they be moving on to school fairly soon? It might be detrimental to move them so late in the term, right before "big school". I think it would be a bold stand and I agree wholeheartedly with your reasoning, so it's a tricky one. My heart breaks for the new mum. Is there anyone above the director you could speak to? <|endoftext|>
148703	3	WIBTA if I asked my ex-husband not to come to my uncle's funeral? My ex-husband and I were married about 4 years, divorced earlier this year. About a year before we separated, we had an argument where ex got physically violent with me, and despite much therapy, we never got to the point where I felt I could trust him again. The divorce was civil, but I no longer consider us friends, nor do I have any desire to be friends with him again. However, my family still absolutely loves him (which hurts on its own, but that's a separate issue). Last weekend, my uncle was found deceased in his home. He's my stepdad's brother, and he's been in my life since I was about 5. We weren't really close, but he was my favorite uncle on that side of the family. My ex had met this uncle maybe a half dozen times at family holidays. When ex saw my mom's post on FB about my uncle dying he *had* to call me at 7 a.m. on a day I was off work to tell me how sorry he was and say he was going to try to make it to the funeral. I really don't want him there because frankly he makes me rather uncomfortable. Especially not after his behavior when my dad died - he wanted me to comfort him over it (he'd met my dad twice) when I could barely handle myself and at one point he had the stones to tell me "I don't think you understand how I'm feeling". Of course he'd find a way to make it about him, and I don't want to deal with something like that again. Makes me wonder if he just wants the attention. WIBTA if I told him I don't feel comfortable with him coming to my uncle's funeral? Tactfully, of course. Additional info: He has to be in my life to a certain extent because he gets regular visitation time with our dog. And yes, my family knows full well that we split because he got abusive. When I told my mom it hurts that they still want to be friends with him, her response was "God wouldn't want us to give up on him". Great, so you'd prefer to hurt me instead, got it.<|response|> NTA. Tell him he isn’t part of your family anymore and he isn’t welcome at the funeral. Also, tell your mother to defriend him on Facebook. Does she know he got physical with you? <|endoftext|>
185847	2	AITA for telling my GF the truth when she asked me how she looked in the dress? I have been with my girlfriend just shy of 2 years now, it’s been great, we’re both late twenties and she is the best woman I’ve been with and love her to death. Last night she was trying to pick out an outfit for nye and she was going through old clothes in the closet trying different stuff on. She ended up finding this fancy onsie looking thing that was striped. (Looked like Gwen stefany’s outfit in the sweet escape music video) She asked me how it looked on her, and me being honest I said that “I’m not a fan of that style of outfit, you look great regardless but not my cup of tea, but if you like it that’s all that matters, not my opinion.” I feel that that statement wasn’t being judgemental, but she asked my opinion, so I answered honestly. She took it harsh and ran off crying, she doesn’t want to go to to the nye party we were supposed to go to now. AITA here, like was that too harsh? TLDR; gf asked how she looked in the outfit, I answered honestly that I wasn’t a fan of the outfit but she looked pretty regardless<|response|> NTA that was a really good way to respond to a very annoying question, to which she obviously didn't want an answer. I never answer questions like these anymore, unless I know the person can handle it. Shit, even then... <|endoftext|>
155412	3	AITA for taking money from my parents I should be getting from my sister? My sister had a baby almost a year ago and since then has been coming around more often. We had a big disagreement several years ago that separated us pretty thoroughly and we haven't gotten closer, until a few months after she had her baby. She started coming over to my apartment in the afternoon and evening with my nephew, and I really wanted to be part of his life. So I decided to mend fences and be friends again. However, it quickly became apparent that's not why she was coming over. She wanted free bsbysitting. She would come over and set up all his toys and lay out food and formula and then immediately fall asleep. When she woke up later in the evening she'd leave. It took me several weeks to talk to her about this because I'm a spineless coward, but eventually I got sick of the feeling I was being taken advantage of. I told her if she wants to come over to hang out she's welcome, but if she keeps falling asleep and expecting me to take care of her child for hours then she either needs to pay me or expect to get woken up when he needs something. She got mad, complaining that she's tired and her BF is always working so she's the only one with the baby with no help and they don't have money to pay etc. They do have money, my sister just prefers to spend it on cigarettes and soda. I guess she complained to our parents because my dad called and offered to pay me minimum wage to watch her baby. I took it up because I can always use extra money, and since then that's been the arrangement. At least four nights a week she drops her baby off for me to watch for three-fold hours, sometimes over night, and my parents pay me. My friends think I'm TA for accepting money from the wrong people. My parents get no brnefit, so they think they shouldn't have to pay. They're pressuring me to stop taking this money and tell my sister I'm not watching her kid rather than give free child care. AITA for taking my parents' money for watching my sister's kid?<|response|> NTA-If your parents are willing to pay you to watch your nephew instead of making your sister pay that’s between you and your parents. Your friends are entitled to their opinions, but that doesn’t mean they are correct. You aren’t taking advantage of your parents. <|endoftext|>
6099	2	AITA for squishing spiders when I see them? I dont kill other critters but spiders make me really uncomfortable as I feel like they are more aware of me then other critters and are stealthy and agile<|response|> YTA spiders pay rent in dead mosquitos. they’re good creatures usually! <|endoftext|>
172526	3	WIBTA if I told my wife that I know she's preparing a surprise party for my birthday? My birthday is in a few days and I think that my wife is preparing a surprise party for me for various reasons. The main reason is that my friend (with whom she had organized a surprise party 2 years ago) is asking me to meet with him at a specific time and location that day (knowing him it's kind of a weird rendez-vous). The second reason is that she's trying to make me do the majority of the housework and stuff before the birthday date (obviously to be free that day). Would I be an asshole if I told her that I know she's preparing something for my birthday? Or should I just shut up and fake that I'm surprised at my birthday?<|response|> YTA she is putting a lot of effort into it, just play along and appreciate the effort <|endoftext|>
78785	3	WIBTA for asking my parents for an expensive Christmas gift? I feel like I can see two sides to this issue, so I figured I'd let strangers on the Internet tell me what to do. Here's how it breaks down. To the extent its relevant, I'm at least middle aged and I have a good job that pays me a good salary. I'm not financially hard up at all. I live, and have for a long time lived, in a city where living space is at a premium. As a result of that, my wife and I have always slept on a queen-sized bed, and the bed in our guest bedroom has also always been a queen-sized bed. At various times in the past, both my parents and my in-laws have gently complained about these beds, because all of them are used to sleeping in king-sized beds. We have always explained that there isn't really room in our guest bedroom for a king-sized bed. Well, that's about to change. We're buying a place that absolutely has room in its guest bedroom for a king-sized bed. In connection with that soon-to-be-completed purchase, I've been thinking about telling my parents the following: "I know you don't like our queen-sized bed. Here's my proposal: if you want, instead of buying my wife and I any Christmas presents, you can buy whatever mattress you'd like, and I'll buy the necessary frame, headboard, etc., so that we have a bed you'll like when you come to visit us." To my mind, the NAH view on this is: I've already purchased a perfectly fine bed that normal people ought to find at least passable for visits that usually don't last more than a week. I'm giving my parents the chance to essentially buy themselves a gift instead of giving me and my wife one (and they always DO buy us Christmas gifts). It's a win-win: they get a bed they like, we don't have to keep hearing the low-key complaints about our guest bed. But the YTA option I see goes something like this: I'm fairly certain that the sort of mattress my parents would like will run a few thousand dollars. While my parents always give us Christmas gifts, the total value of those gifts is usually something like $600. So this request/option/whathaveyou invites them to spend significantly more on this gift than what they're used to spending. And it amounts to asking them to buy something for my house, when the reality is, it's my house and I'm the one who is supposed to buy those things. So, you tell me what you think, and I either will or won't do it. The power....is yours!<|response|> ESH - a queen size bed should be more than adequate for two people to sleep in. Your guests who are complaining are just... Wow. You, on the other hand, are a grown ass person. If you're able to buy a house/condo/townhome, you can definitely save up for a few months and buy a bed. No one stays at your house enough to buy their own bed there. I promise. <|endoftext|>
79038	3	WIBTA for complaining about a teacher taking my food Okay so, I stay in a hostel, one where once a week teachers put in the effort to take us to a mosque (which I appreciate). However this one teacher is really strict, and more than just being strict she is a bitch. She's one of those people that 1. Have to be right all the time 2. don't understand that people make mistakes 3. doesn't understand that some things aren't black and white We will call her Mary So we order pizza before we leave for the mosque at around After we finish praying, we call up the pizza place and ask them where the order has reached, because after a certain timrwe aren't allowed to receive orders. they spend a while spinning us around, a couple calls to the delivery guy and we cancel the order. Fast forward to as we're leaving the mosque, the delivery guy shows up and asks for money, and after calling the pizza place to prove to him we have cancelled the order he still refuses, the teacher, getting tired forced us to pay, approximately 16 US dollars(not US currency). The teacher then proceeded to take the food and ate it themselves My parents feel I shouldn't and just make sure that around Mary I don't have any slip ups or miss understandings. As she could potentially make my life hell. WIBTA if I complained to her superiors about this<|response|> NTA, she stole from you and that is not OK. However... I agree with your parents that doing so is not in your own best interest. I wouldn't recommend it. <|endoftext|>
58424	3	AITA for making my pregnant daughter move out before the baby is born? My 17 yo daughter (youngest and we had her late) is 7 weeks pregnant (she will be 18 by the time she gives birth) She is not in a relationship with the father. He reeaallyyy, I can't stress this enough, does not want a baby. I honestly don't even think he'll show up for the birth or anything. She has decided to continue with the pregnancy against all advice from practically every adult in her life. After she insisted on not only continuing with the pregnancy but raising the baby I asked her how she is going to manage that? This was the jist of the convo: Her: I'll get a job. Me: who's going to watch baby while you're at work? Her: I thought you and dad could. Me: absolutely not, I'm not raising another baby. Pretty much a back and forth for a bit that lead me to believe that if she has this baby in this house, I'm practically going to be its mother. I'm very recently retired and my husband is retiring in exactly 11 months (there's a countdown) and this is not how I want to spend my retirement years. It's not fair to us. So I told her that she has until baby is born to find a place to live. Husband has always been wrapped around her finger (which normally is endearing, I love how much he loves our children) so he is not fully on board with that but I feel like we need to be united on this. I just want to know if I'm in the wrong here. AITA?<|response|> NTA I have two teenagers. I told them years ago, "When you become sexually active, make sure you use birth control becwuse I am not raising your babies." <|endoftext|>
126896	3	AITA for saying “love you” to my male friend? For a little background, Ive been friends with my male best friend (let’s call him jack) for 2 years and have been with my bf for 7 months So this happened a week ago but my bf is still pissed about it. My bf was over at the same time my best friend jack was. Jack had to leave so I walked him out. When I did I said “ok bye love you”. He was at the top of the stairs where you’re in clear view of the door and said back to me “wtf was that?” I told him I was aging bye to jack and he got all mad and started accusing me of things like I was cheating on him and that I didn’t love him anymore. I didn’t know what his problem was so I asked him what his deal was and he said to me “you can’t say I love you to your best friend”. In my opinion, there’s a difference between saying “I love you” and “love you”. I think saying “I love you” has more of a romantic meaning while “love you” is more casual. I explained this to him but he wasn’t having any of it and left so AITA for saying “love you” to my male friend? Edit: I didn’t know when I said it that he was right there behind me, I thought he was still in the other room<|response|> NTA. Your boyfriend needs to grow up. A female friend of mine (I'm male) says "I love you" to me all the time, her boyfriend doesn't give a shit. <|endoftext|>
159404	3	WIBTA if I told my brother I didn’t want to give his friend rides? My brother’s friend G and my friend O are cousins who live in the same house right down the street from me. Occasionally we will give them rides home from school, either one of them or both at the same time. Somewhat recently, O told me that at home, G makes her feel scared and will push and hurt her when he is angry. He has major anger issues and so this happens often. G is at least 6’3 and O is 5”2 so it’s easy to see why she would be scared. I am very protective of my friends, and since I found this out I’ve been kinda cold towards G. O is my best friend and nobody should feel scared in their own home. Since O told me, G has asked for a ride, and honestly I really didn’t want to give him one. It might be selfish but I don’t want to support someone who is awful to my friend. WIBTA if I didn’t offer rides to my brothers friend because he scares my friend?<|response|> NTA, this person is clearly making your friend uncomfortable and it’s your choice who you allow in your car. <|endoftext|>
126169	4	AITA & WIBTA Double Feature: Student Government Edition Note: As you probably gathered from the title, this post has two parts. When you conduct your colonoscopy and determine my asshole status, please also separate your comment into two parts. Thank you! Part 1 - AITA for running for student government to spite someone else So, at the beginning of the school year, I was in the cafeteria when some annoying kid comes up to me and essentially tells me not to run for school president and to let his favored candidate win. Now, this kid was no saint. In addition to telling me not to run, he called me a nerd, bookish, and some other things that I would rather not contaminate my fingers typing out here. He does this same shtick during recess and is a general pain in the neck. The reason he is doing this is because I ran, and won the election last year, beating his friend in the process. Anyway, I got tired of him, so I ran for school president purely to spite him. Originally, I was planning on not running due to me not enjoying student government last year. I later won the election. However, the candidate that the annoying kid supported was actually a decent chap who probably would have won if I didn’t run. I made him lose the election, just to get back at one of his supporters who annoyed me. He wasn’t even friends with the supporter. In addition, many of the other candidates actually wanted to run because they wanted to improve the school, while I ran to get revenge on some pleb who bothered me. AITA? Part 2 - WIBTA if I wrote a diss track of the other candidates for the upcoming election? I actually quite enjoyed this year of student government, and I plan on running for president again for next year. As a joke, I was thinking about recording a diss track, basically roasting everyone who is running against me. I am not going to mention any names, I will just hint at which candidates I’m roasting. I don’t have any vocal skills whatsoever and I plan on making the track super cringey and self deprecating, with stupid amounts of auto tune, voice cracks, etc.. It is not meant to seriously attack anyone, and the verses will be relatively tame compared to real diss tracks. It’s meant as a joke and to get votes from otherwise disaffected classmates. WIBTA if I recorded and shared the diss track with the whole grade? EDIT: Just to clear up some ambiguity around what I did once I was elected, I did go to all of the meetings and did work on some initiatives to improve the school, mainly plopping a bunch of four square boxes on the field for recess (My campaign promise). After the election, I also invited the other candidates to participate in student government meetings (at my school, student government is more of a think tank led by the social studies teacher, who actually carries out<|response|> P1 YTA: kinda, from your perspective the kid was like the dudes best friend, so it seemed logical. You didnt know, you just have to serve with integrity. &#x200B; p2: YTA: dont do diss tracks. Unless youre friends with them and close, dont do it. Youll be no better than the kid who came up to you and told you not to run <|endoftext|>
134044	3	AITA for not telling my bf the doctors found a mass in my abdomen? So I really need advice on what to do here guys, I need a boys opinion. I have been dating My boyfriend for about 3 months now, and I have a chronic disease called FND that he knows about. I live a mostly normally life apart from intermittent muscle spasms, twice which has involved my intercostal muscles and effected my ability to breathe. The first time it happened at his house and I drove myself to the hospital and everything so as not to worry him, but he didn’t talk to me for 4 days afterwards. He himself had childhood cancer which he beat, so I assumed that it hit too close to home and reminded him of when he was sick. I actually took a break from us dating because I was so hurt, but we got back together after he apologised. He’s also said other offhand comment about how he’d “never date a bald girl” and “never date a girl in a wheelchair”. That being said, he’s amazing to me. He tells me he’d do anything for me, and when I had another attack of these muscle spasms he looked after me at home and he actually took me to the hospital and sat with me for hours and rubbed my back etc. He’s very accepting of my FND now, though I do try not to let him see when I’m feeling really ill. Since the episode last week I’ve had difficulty eating without throwing back up, and intense pain in my stomach, and when I went to the doctors he said he could feel an “epigastric mass” (unknown mass/lump in my stomach/gut) and is sending me for an ultrasound tomorrow morning. I haven’t told my boyfriend how sick I’ve been all week, and I didn’t tell him when the doctor found this mass yesterday. Am I the asshole for not telling him because i don’t want to upset him again and make him go silent for days? Also, I’m scared he’ll break up with me for being sick. Or would he be more angry that his girlfriend, who he loves, is keeping a secret about her health? Edit: realised I put ‘weeks’ instead of ‘months’ in how long we’ve been dating, and changed ‘C’ to my boyfriend for clarification.<|response|> NTA >He’s also said other offhand comment about how he’d “never date a bald girl” and “never date a girl in a wheelchair”. He's definitely not what I would call LTR material. <|endoftext|>
136165	2	AITA for getting upset w/ sister I’m 16 and my sister is 23. We have always been close. Our relationship with our parents is strained. I resented them and my sister did too, but after she lived in a college dorm for a year (she returned this year), she was neutral toward them. My classes have gotten harder, and the tense home environment isn’t helping. I have self-harmed before. I admitted this to my sister a few months ago. In any case, I had two papers due the next day. I was in a bad mood because I get mood swings, and I was stressed. As I'm working on my paper, I go into my sister’s room to ask for her opinion on something. As I’m leaving, she tells me about an email she sent to her professor. I get impatient with her and tell her that I don’t have time to talk about it. This upsets her. I told her I know I upset her, but I wanted to save the discussion for later because I had work. She said she could care less about what I was doing. This sets me off, and I run to my room and lock the door. For the next five minutes, she bangs on the door and screams at me to talk to her. I told her to stop and wait until we can discuss the issue calmly. She doesn’t listen, so I open the door. She yells at me about how entitled I am and I wasn’t happy because of my negative mindset. She told me I was rude to her. I admit I was rude, but I do not think her reaction was fair. In the past, my sister lashed out at me many times when she was upset, and I never said anything. I told her that I was rude because I was stressed, and I didn’t mean anything by it. I tried to tell her I felt she didn’t value my feelings because of the way she reacted to my being impatient on one day even when she knows I have problems in my life. I tried to tell her this, but every time I explain my feelings to her, she either interrupts me or I get so flustered that I’m unable to convey my side of the story. I get upset, and she eventually leaves. Two days later she comes into my room looking very defensive. She starts off by telling me I was in the wrong. I told her we should wait before having this conversation so we could cool down. She apologized for her previous reaction, but it didn’t feel like she felt bad about it. She barged into my room in a manner reminiscent of last time, and she interrupted me when I explained my feelings to her. Before the conversation started, she said it seemed like I wanted to end my relationship with her even though I never said that. It seems like she wants to end years of our relationship over this. I apologized<|response|> ESH. You weren't that much of an ass, but you said hurtful things and exacerbated the situation. <|endoftext|>
20591	3	AITA for being mad my s/o bought me flowers for valintines day Im 18 shes 21 were broke i constantly preach practicality she spent 20 bucks on roses i dont even like flowers i was pissed and told her all about how it was irresponsible it was and chewed her ass for it am i an asshole or is she a dumb ass Edit i feel like i should fill this out a bit more weve been together 3 years i have been very clear that i dont like flowers and told her several times before not to get me them becuse i dont want them im now covering her expensise becuse of the flowers and other random purchases she made that day that where "gifts" for me but in reality where more something for her then me Edit 2 i have never raised my voice to her i dont call her names to her face i use the i think\ feel statments<|response|> YTA---she did something very sweet for you, I'm sure you really hurt her by being a jackass <|endoftext|>
195	3	Pet peeve or unreasonable expectation? I don't think I owe customers a staircase unless they have a condition...am I a dick? There's no real fight here to resolve. I just want to know if I'm unreasonable. I work in a high-end department store i.e. (*Tiffany's or Shreve, Crump, and Lowe*) located in a 150 year old building. We're 6 floors tall, one of which is a manufacturing area where we make some of the wares. There's machinery, chemicals, fumes, and salty workers on that floor who occasionally discuss at a shout which one of the others can go fuck himself and whether or not Tony Romo is a fag. A bunch of people involved in the manufacturing have to come and go from this floor throughout the day, are usually pretty grimy and they use a stairwell in the back of the store (right by a back entrance). Because we don't want customers to go anywhere near this area, we provide an elevator in the front of the store that goes to every other floor, but not the factory unless you have a key. The sales staff is dressed formally, and the customers are usually dressed well. The stairwell is behind an "employees only" door and isn't easy to find. So, you don't even know it exists unless you ask for special treatment. Somehow, when they find out there is an elevator that takes them to the upper floors, 1 out of 20 shoppers *have* to ask if there's a staircase they can use instead. We used to assume some people were claustrophobic or feared elevators and led them through the stairway as a courtesy. Eventually, it became clear that the majority of people asking for the stairs were only doing so because they want "the exercise". So we started explain to whoever asked that there is a stairway that goes through a maintenance area, but it's really not suitable for the public, which is why we provide the elevator. Virtually all of them say they'd rather take the stairway anyway. So I just let them do it and hope no one rubs their Chanel pantsuit against a wall that the 1st shift smeared with grime when they left an hour ago. Should I tolerate this? I don't think I owe these people a workout, and it doesn't make sense to have people there. If I walked into Walmart and asked the greeter where the guns are, should I also be able to expect him to provide me with a weight belt so I can bang out some weighted squat thrusts on the way there...or would that make me an asshole? **TL:DR** My store provides a clean, convenient elevator for well dressed customers and sales staff, but some people have to upset the balance to get in a workout by climbing stairs unless you aggressively refuse them. We're running a store, not a gym. Am I right to think they're being stupidly unreasonable?!<|response|> I'm bucking the trend. Your customers are being assholes, and I don't even think you owe them an honest answer. If a customer asks what kind of water you have, you don't offer the hose out back as an option. And it wouldn't be appropriate if they asked for it. To take another tack - if it was a ladder you wouldn't even tell them about it. A metal staircase is unsuitable for the footgear most of your clientele are wearing and shouldn't be presented as an option. <|endoftext|>
157204	3	AITA for offering a job application to angry customers who are complaining about wait times and service in my restaurant? Like most other restaurants in the area, we are short on staff. I like to think we run a good operation, so it is not because people are unhappy because of management. It's just that unemployment is low, so it is hard to hold on to people. Even if understaffed, as a manager, I try my best to make up for everyone working twice as hard. The business hasn't slowed down though. We are busier than ever, which is tough on everyone. We might have a line out the door with one persin taking orders, and the kitchen still gets behind. As you can imagine, this leads to some unhappy customers. Usually when someone comes to me complaining about the wait, I will try my best to apologize. I try to stay happy and energetic for the employees, but it does take a toll on me. Plus all the complaints from customers about how "slow" we are with one person in the kitchen. I thought of a new comeback when customers com0lain about wait times or service to me. I offer them an application. I tell them that if they would like to see a decrease in wait times then they should join the team. When they refuse, I thank them for being patient. My friend thinks I am being an asshole. I think I am trying to kill them with kindness. What is the verdict?<|response|> YTA If unemployment is low and workforce is short it does not mean that there is no one else to hire. It simply means you need to pay more to get people hired. And this is what you don't want, cause it would diminish your profit. But this would be actually the fix to your and the customers problem. And the answer you prepare is simply offensive. You basically tell to people that they should do it themselves instead of complaining. It's not funny, nor smart. It's dump. <|endoftext|>
162654	3	AITA for not wanting to walk the Dog down the aisle So My wife and I are both going to be in a wedding this weekend for my college friend and her college roommate. I was asked to be a groomsman and she was asked to be a bridesmaid. So here is where my confusion starts. I assumed that I would be walking with my wife down the aisle in the ceremony and then we split at the alter and stand beside the bride and groom as usual.. NOPE. They are having another guy walk her down the aisle and I am walking their DOG down the aisle because one girl dropped out. I feel completely disrespected considering these are close friends. Am I the Asshole for being pissed about this or should I just suck it up and deal with it?<|response|> NTA. It makes more sense for you to walk your wife, and the other dude to walk the dog. That’s very odd planning. <|endoftext|>
182088	3	AITA for not including my mom in my life insurance plan? So, some information first. I'm 21f. I currently rent a house from my mother and live there with my boyfriend of 4 years. He and I have been living together and on our own since I was 19. We will be purchasing the house from her in 6 months time, when I plan to go no contact with her. I've been at my job for over a year now and recently got insurance through here, since the one I shared with my mother was ending. The medical insurance included free life insurance, and I listed my boyfriend as my only primary beneficiary. We have no children, and I am an only child. For my contingency beneficiaries, I listed my father and my best friend of 15 years. This is where the problem comes in. My mom and dad have been divorced since I was a year old. I was raised with my mom and visited my dad on weekends. Now that I'm an adult, I only see both of them on occasion, though my mom still messages me almost every day. My mom was pretty heavily abusive to me growing up, but only verbally and emotionally, so I never thought of it as abuse until my boyfriend saw it and recognized it. It's left me with some pretty heavy anxiety, depression, and self image issues. My dad was always pretty great, but he was never fit to be a father. He was more of a friend to me growing up and even more so now. He divorced my mom because of her attitude and abuse towards him, so I ended up growing up with it. They remain pretty good friends. Now, my mom is well off. She's not rich or anything, but she has her own house and a full time job and all that good stuff. Plus she's currently my landlord. My dad, however, is in the nicest way a dead beat. He works, but not full time, lives in a dingy apartment with a roommate, and doesn't show much interest in his aspirations. He struggles with money often. I decided to put him on my life insurance plan because, on the off chance me and my boyfriend both die, I want him to have some help with money. He doesn't like his roommate much, and wants to live on his own for once(he lived with his mother until her passing two years ago). Since he and my mom are friends, he mentioned it to her and she was pretty mad. She texted me some guilt tripping things like "I guess Amy(my friend) is more important than me." and "Your dad?? Really??? Hurt." I just mentioned to her that I thought he needed the money more than she did if the situation came that it would even be available. And I put Amy on there because she has been by my side since I was 6, and I know she isn't perfectly fine on money either. It's not like this<|response|> NTA. You own the policy and contract for insurance. It’s your choice who to make beneficiaries. Furthermore, much of this is an exercise in arguing over a highly unlikely hypothetical. And, if it’s a term life policy, actuarial science suggests you’ll likely outlive the term in which the policy actually covers. (At your age, like 30 years). And, if the policy is contingent on your continued employment with this company, it’s not likely to be in effect for more than a couple years. (I’m not suggesting you’re going to be fired, just the trending nature of employment. You don’t see people staying with one employer for a significant number of years, especially early in a career. I’ve done it myself in my first 6 years as a lawyer progressively moving to bigger and better paying firms until I’ve found the one I see a long term future for my career). <|endoftext|>
103868	4	AITA for talking to good friend's boyfriend? I spend a lot of time with friends online on an app called Discord. It's like a chatroom app. I have made a lot of great friends and met a girl who we'll call Sabrina. Sabrina and I have been great friends for a long time now, and we talk to each other almost everyday, tell each other secrets, etc. We're very close. One day she adds her boyfriend to our groupchat. Let's call him Dan. Everyone in the group quickly became friends with him and we have fun conversations. This made Sabrina uncomfortable so she removed him from the group. Not a lot was said about it afterwards. I am still friends with Dan, and we talk via private messages since he's not in the group anymore. It's just normal friendly talk about music etc. Sabrina found out about this and got a bit upset, and told us not to talk to each other anymore. Dan and I very begrudgingly agree to not talk with one another, but we don't really like it. After she got upset at us, she didn't talk to me for a while, even after I tried reaching out to her multiple times. She didn't reply and it made me feel really shitty because this was still my friend. She later apologized for this, and it felt genuine. Fast forward about a month later. I was in a very rough situation mentally, and usually Sabrina and I talk to each other about our problems. I messaged her privately and I got no responses from her. Eventually, Dan reached out to me and asked me if I was doing okay. I told him I wasn't and we talked a bit, and I ended up thanking him for talking to me. It felt weird that, when I was in a rough situation, her boyfriend was the one who reached out to me and helped me out. Anyway, she asked Dan if he ever talked to me again. He didn't lie and thought it wasn't a big deal, and said that he did talk to me, that one time when I wasn't feeling well. She got very upset, said that what he did was equivalent to cheating on her, and after having a bit of a fight with both of us, blocked us. Maybe we should have resisted when she told us not to talk with each other instead of agreeing. I can see the point that I broke the agreement, but Dan just reached out to me as a good friend to see if I was doing okay, and I don't see this as problematic. I don't think I am the asshole here. Reddit, am I the asshole?<|response|> No you are not the asshole. Sabrina definitely has trust issues or something along those lines. If she can’t accept the fact that her boyfriend wants to be friends with other people, she will have to learn eventually. She’s essentially controlling him and putting you both in uncomfortable situations. Plus, he reached out to you and you not to him so you really weren’t in the wrong, you needed someone and he was the only one who cared enough to check up on you. He’s a good guy from what I can see, you should remain friends with him and if sabrina ever apologizes then that’d be great too. <|endoftext|>
83660	4	WIBTA if I asked my brother to spend time together so that my our kids can hang out? I have an older brother (we can call him Jack) who I've never really spent any time with or even talked to. We had a super shitty childhood in a poor abusive family. He ended up moving in with our grandparents on our mom's side when I was 4 years old and I eventually moved in with our grandparents on my dad's side. I also have an older sister and younger brother who moved in with different family members also. Fast forward to now. My sister, younger brother and I are super close. We all live close to each other and talk every day and hang out. The oldest brother lives a few hours away and we never talk to him. He has completely distanced himself from our mom which is understandable but that also distanced him from us (his younger siblings). We never talk and sometimes I am ok with that because I blame him for not being an older brother and checking up on us. So here is where I feel like I WBTA. My sister is married but does not plan on having children. My younger brother is not married or any children. My wife has an extremely small family and no siblings so there are no kids on her side of the family. My wife and I have a 6 year old son and have been really struggling to get pregnant again. My older brother, Jack, is married and has 3 kids. All of them are around my son's age. Lately, my son has been wanting to hang out with his cousins. He has only met them two or three times but he really loves the fact they are his cousins. Since we don't have any other kids or close family members his age I really wanted reach out to my brother and ask him if we could come down for a weekend to hang out so that the kids can play together. I'm a little nervous about how it would be between me and him. He is a pastor of a really big church and has strict religious standards while I am a lot more lenient (kinda religious). I know our kids would get along great, but I feel like it could be awkward between him and me. WIBTA if I asked him to hang out for a weekend with the main intent being that my son can spend time with his cousins?<|response|> NAH, this is a perfectly valid reason to want to spend time with your brother. But maybe just make it an afternoon and not a whole weekend, at least to start with? <|endoftext|>
55100	3	AITA for not wanting to spend 10 days in Ireland for my friends wedding? Hi all! So one of my best friends is getting married next year in Ireland (this is where she’s from), we all currently live in the United States. I am going to be one of her bridesmaids. She’s getting married on a Friday and recently revealed to us (the wedding party) that she also plans on having her bachelorette party in Ireland the Saturday before that. So a little information about weddings in Ireland- they’re a 3 day event. So the main event is Friday, but there is still another wedding related event the Saturday after the wedding. This would mean we would all have to be in Ireland for 10 days for the wedding. This is a financial strain, and is also a lot to ask considering the limited vacation time we get at work. And I say we because I know a few other people in the wedding party feel the same way. So- am I the asshole for not wanting to spend the 10 days there? She’s a great friend and of course I want to be there for her, but I think it’s unfair to put people in a situation where they have to spend that amount of time and money on your wedding. Also welcoming any advice on how to broach the topic with her. I absolutely don’t want to hurt her feelings, but I also want to be honest with her. I’m hoping we can discuss either moving the bachelorette up closer to the wedding or possibly doing something state side beforehand, but idk... I’m aware this could potentially hurt her feelings and I want to avoid that.<|response|> NTA. I'm not a fan of destination weddings generally (unless the bride and groom are paying for everyone to go), but setting it up so you have to be there for ten days is not cool. I would simply tell her it won't be possible for you financially to be there for the bachelorette party. <|endoftext|>
32239	3	AITA for Inadvertently Getting Someone Fired I work in retail, and anyone who has ever worked in retail knows that people suck ass. Because of this, I was surprised when a fellow retail employee (from a store across from mine) came in and treated me poorly. For context, I was working on a artsy project for her. When she came in, I was with another customer. She had to wait, as I was too invested on getting the other customer's order taken down. When it was finally the lady's turn, I handed her the finished project and asked her how she liked it. She didn't. She didn't like it so much she (in other words) called me an idiot and demanded to speak to a manager. While we wait for my manager to get here, the lady starts talking about how she's is going to talk to the district manager about me. When the manager gets there, she tells her (the manager) that she demands a refund and the personal phone number of the DM. The manager gives her the store phone number and tells her to talk to my store manager about the issue. All of this occurred an hour before closing, and by the time I was able to head out, my blood had gone past the point of boiling. So, I called her store and told her manager what happened. The next morning, I called customer service about the incident. Fast forward a week, and I find out the lady got fired. I feel kind of like it was my fault. Am I the asshole? Edit: Additional Information: - She was in her work uniform, nametag and all. - I recognized her from the store, as I shop there often.<|response|> ESH She sucks for obvious reasons. You suck for going out of your way and calling her boss... but you suck **way** less. <|endoftext|>
74225	2	AITA for demanding my roommate's family pay us money, or leave in a couple weeks? 4 weeks pass before L or I know why there are two strangers living in our apartment. Together there are 3 of us renting. The other roommate K, gave a key to his cousin and her child. Before leaving on a trip he tells me, "This is blabla. They'll be hopping in and out as I'm gone." I don't question him further because she's sitting right behind us, and because the way he phrased it sounds benign. While he's gone, she lives half the time in our apartment... Once he returns, they are here every, single, day. At 5 weeks we finally meet and ask, "Why are these people living with us? Why did no one ask us if it's alright? Why did no one even TELL us?" He says, "I'm sure I told you. But if I didn't, it's because I thought we're all like family... she got kicked out of her place the day before I left. I'm trying to help her, if y'all could bear with me another month or two..." We explain, "Anything more than a month would make us uncomfortable, considering how everything has unfolded." He says he will tell her all that is not OK with us, and that there will be a time limit. I have to text him a week later for an I'm confused by his November comment. Considering it's 2am I didn't want to press the conversation into something I may not like. AND I preferred this conversation with everyone present. The next day with L, I ask **when in November**? He tries to play dumb and says he can't remember, then quickly gets to,"The 19th of November. She asked me to buy her return flight." I tell him I don't want to be a jerk but that feels like a long time. The conversation ends there. I leave for a week and call another meeting once I return. Last night started off with: "She needs to return this month to her house in London, or she needs to pay equal rent for the 3 months that none of us ever agreed to in the first place." He says that JUST TODAY he bought her return ticket. He acted like that's why she can't leave until the end of Nov. At the end of it he calls us heartless. We end on, "Tomorrow we will hold another meeting, with your cousin." L can't decide if her feelings for wanting these people to leave are justified. When he called us heartless, it really affected her. I'm worried at today's meeting they will prey on her emotions. For many reasons, I no longer trust him. I don't want to bring this up to the office. Our lease with this man ends in half a year. If you have suggestions on how to proceed, that's awesome. Thank you in advance.<|response|> NTA. These people are incredibly rude and playing dumb AND taking advantage of you. <|endoftext|>
166574	3	AITA for not paying my brother back? Long time lurker first time poster. &#x200B; Alright so my brother who is (18M) wanted to go to a concert with me (22M) it's scheduled for November 13th and tickets went on sale about 4 or 5 months ago. My brother didn't have the money and the floor tickets I brought were $300 a piece, at the time I was doing pretty well and had the extra cash and had no problem buying him his ticket to make sure he didn't lose it but I was under the impression I would be payed back. Well after several months he has come up with a whopping $80 on the ticket and has been struggling to hold a job during this time period. Up until this point he has told me that he will be paying me back and that he will still be going. Well were now about a month away from the concert and it's seeming less and less likely he will be coming up with money. &#x200B; Now to the point where I think I might be the asshole. Yesterday night I came home from work around about 11:00PM and hes sitting outside clearly waiting for me to get home. As I get out of my car he approach's me and says listen Im going to need that $80 that I gave you for the ticket, and at first Im a bit taken away as I was still under the impression that he was planning on going. He actually confirmed it a few weeks prior when he got hired at this new job. Anyways I straight up told him I do not have the money right now, I got a ton a bills coming up and on top of that I lost one of my casting gigs recently that payed pretty well, so money is a bit tight. He then blows up saying its his money and telling me he cant buy cat food or pay his bills. Hearing this just set a switch off in me, Im not a angry dude I actually consider myself to be pretty calm but this just set me off and I ripped into my brother a bit, yelling at him telling him Ive been waiting 5 months to receive payment for the tickets I bought for you being very patient and now all of a sudden your requesting money on the spot and when I say I dont have it right this second you get all pissy with me? I basically was yelling Im sick of this shit and that you need to get your shit together, he seemed a bit surprised and had nothing to say afterwards. I told him I will sell his ticket and he will get his money when the ticket sells but he no longer seemed interested in talking to me about and I guess Im starting to feel a bit bad for yelling at him but I just want to know, AITA in this situation?<|response|> NTA. You're not a safety deposit bank. He payed you a fraction of what he owes you and never should've expected to be able to get it back. <|endoftext|>
143400	2	WIBTA if I cancel an agreement that was already approved This has been bothering me for some time now and I want to know if this is a type of TA move or not. &#x200B; Recently, Me and my wife have been getting some financial problem and to top that off, we were forced to leave our rented house because the owner wants to move her son in. &#x200B; We've agreed that we'd move back to my family's home and pay rent for the meantime, but before we even thought that it was time to move back in, we already got backlash from family member's for it, more often from my mother. We kept getting a lot of talk about the rules and regulations as if I hadn't lived there before. Like seriously, My family's just giving me a hard time by talking down on me for a misfortune that we clearly have no control over if we decide to move in. Not to mention, the ridiculous amount of rent that we need to pay. &#x200B; I decided that from there on to just F it, I told my wife that: "If we're going to pay a hefty sum and a part of our sanity for that place, then we should look somewhere else. The last thing we need to lose is our minds." &#x200B; I actually want to ask two questions here, WIBTA for rejecting that agreement? And WIBTA if I decide to lay off my family for a while and not ask any help from them until this issue is resolved?<|response|> NTA/YWNBTA. It’s your money, and you family members are acting like assholes. <|endoftext|>
122512	4	AITA for telling my future MIL that she can't see her future grandchildren? Recent events have made me question my choice to give my girlfriend's mother an ultimatum regarding her future rights to see her as-of-yet unborn grandchildren. My girlfriend is currently saddled with over $15,000 in *her mother's debt* that was put in credit cards/student loans under my girlfriend's name, and she is intent to get a second job just to help pay off debt that isn't hers. Apparently, my girlfriend started borrowing her mother money at 16 as things at the household were tight, but under the table payments in cash, which certainly isn't counted in that first total, eventually turned into credit cards after her mom maxed out her own and tanked her credit score. My future MIL has consistently said that she would pay these back, and took out loans that she promised would be applied to the debt. However, she instead used these loans to pay for vehicles, a tummy-tuck, and trips. For one of these loans, my girlfriend took a lean out on *her own vehicle* as collateral for the loan. I recently broke when two separate events compounded to give me the impression that this woman will never pay my girlfriend back. The first of these events took place back in December when, as legal guardian of my girlfriend's twin half-siblings, took money from their savings accounts to pay down debt. This money had been given to them by their father to set up college funds and they had no knowledge of the withdrawal. They are 13 years old and certainly do not track those accounts. The second incident, and the tipping point, occurred last week. My girlfriend pays her family's general expenses for the month and is then repaid when her mom gets her paycheck. She lives at home (for the moment) and thinks this is fine as she has never had much of an issue in being repaid. Her mother has now missed 2 payments and this week came to her asking for an extra $600 to pay the water bill which is apparently overdue by multiple months. She called asking me what to do and I said to refuse to pay it. She has her own expenses and it is too large of a financial strain to deal with. Her mother and her got in a shouting match that had a lot of, "You live under my roof!" from my understanding. The two are now at odds, and I am in the middle of it. When I came over to go on a weekend getaway, I told her mother that if my girlfriend paid off a single one of her cr So Reddit, am I the asshole here? TLDR; Girlfriend saddled with $15,000 in her mom's debt. I told her mom she would never see her grandchildren if GF pays it herself.<|response|> NTA. Don’t listen to these people saying you’re the asshole. You may not have done the best thing possible, but you’re not an asshole. It’s probably my best not to threaten to withhold access to future grandkids, but what you’re essentially saying is “If you’re that horrible to your daughter, I don’t want you around my children.” Wanting to protect your girlfriend and potential children does not make you an asshole. It’s not a punishment. It’s a consequence of being terrible. Also, I always think it’s best to just do things instead of threatening. If you had children, I’d say you should completely keep them away from this woman. Since you don’t, stay out of the relationship. You shouldn’t be he one handling this. Your girlfriend should. She needs to move out ASAP. and to report the fraudulent use of her credit cards. <|endoftext|>
138785	3	WIBTA if I say no to going to the lake with my fiancee and her friends? Obligatory apology for formatting. I'm on my phone. My fiancee's friend invited us to the lake this weekend with her boyfriend and some other people. I can't stand her friend. She's rude and talks over people. She also constantly complains about her personal problems that are self induced through her own ridiculous decision making. Couple of examples: Driving home drunk because someone wouldn't give her a ride from a bar and didn't want to pay for Uber. Breaking up with her boyfriend every week over ridiculous things. She put in her two weeks notice at work 3 times and withdrew it each time within a month because she was going to move back home. Conveniently enough it matched the times her and her boyfriend broke up. I love my fiancee more than anything. Admittedly she has a tough time making friends. This is one of her only ones and she loves the lake and has been wanting to go prior to the invite. I have never been able to tolerate more than 10 minutes of her friend without being on the verge of going off on her. Now I may have to spend a whole day with her. My fiancee will not go alone. She loves couples things like this and she would just feel left out if I didn't go. Let me know, wibta for saying I don't want to go?<|response|> YTA. You can manage one day doing something you don't like to keep your fiancee happy. <|endoftext|>
116993	3	AITA for kicking a guy out of my store after his wallet had been stolen? I (22M) work the closing shifts at a copy/print shop in downtown Toronto. Among other things, we have copy machines and computer terminals for people to use. A few nights ago a guy, roughly in his mid fifties, used one of the computers for a few hours, then got off right around closing time, 11pm. He argued with me over his bill for a few minutes before paying up and leaving. I checked a few other customers out while we were talking. A few minutes after the last customer left, he comes back inside, acting hysterical. He tells me that someone must have taken his wallet off the front desk while he was arguing with me a few moments ago. Immediately I jogged to the front entrance for a look around, then went over to the security computer to see if I could roll back the camera feed. I couldn’t; it was password protected. I went back over to him and told him that I wasn’t able to open the security feed, and that the thief was probably long gone already. I asked if he could come back tomorrow so that my boss could access the recordings, even offering to come in early so that the three of us could go over it together. He was furious at this, he got loud and demanded to use our front desk phone, or my personal phone, to call the police. He told me, very aggressively, that he wasn’t going anywhere until he’d filed a report and until the police had arrived. He told me that since the theft happened on my watch, I'd be in serious trouble for refusing to help him. I told him I was tired, that I had a class at 8am in the morning, and that a missing wallet that isn't likely to be recoverable isn't even going to put a dent in the list of priorities the police have. I told him I needed to close up shop and go home, and that I wasn't interested in placing a call and then waiting with him until maybe 2am for them to show up, or in dragging my boss out of bed to come in and do the same thing. He flipped his lid a second time, stomped toward me, screamed in my face, called me a bunch of names, said that I was responsible for this and that I had no choice in helping him, then he sat down on a chair with his arms crossed and refused to get up to leave. I yelled back at him, told him he had a misguided understanding of the law, that I wasn't responsible for the whereabouts of his wallet and that he wasn't entitled to use our phone or to have me help him and that throwing a tantrum like a four year old wasn't going to get him anything that he wanted. I told him to gtfo and go settle his problems elsewhere. We<|response|> INFO, How did he pay his bill and leave after your argument, but have his wallet stolen during the argument? <|endoftext|>
133958	3	AITA for being upset that my best friend didn't tell me he got married Alright so my best friend and longest friendship, circa 2005, wanted to get an apt with me so I moved down from Alaska to do so. It all went good for a while but obviously when different people move in together there are problems that arise. We had our spats and whatnot but he promised me that we would renew our lease and stay together. After about 8 months he meets a girl and they hit it off real well, like sharing the same conspiracy theories well, and they start dating for a bit. Then with only a month or so to spare he tells me he's going to move in with her and her 5 y/o daughter and I need to find a new place. While that really ticked me off, i could understand it. it's been a little over a year since that happened then two weeks ago I'm talking about how I got ordained specifically to officiate his wedding and how I cant wait, when he tells me he got married 5 months ago and didn't invite anyone "so it's not like I left you out". I just stop replying to him completely and today he asks me if I'm still alive so I tell him that I'm upset and don't wish to speak with him right now. We talk and I tell him why I'm upset and he says he wouldn't invite me if they had a real wedding because I might embarrass him and that I'm a mean person. His response to me saying "The fact that abandoning and not inviting ones best friend to your wedding doesn't count as anything bad in your book is not behavior I want in my life." Was to stop being butthurt. I know you all won't have a real good idea of our history together but I do believe this is a continuation of behavior I haven't liked since I met him. Not the first time he abandoned me to go do what we wanted without even telling me. I'm definitely not a perfect friend or a perfect roommate. But am I really wrong in being upset about this? Edit: if you don't understand our relationship that's fine but it comes down to one question. How would you feel if your best friend got married and didn't tell you at all?<|response|> NTA. Sounds like while he's your best friend, you are not his best friend. Might be time to move on. Sounds like he did, about when he met his wife. <|endoftext|>
162171	3	AITA for not speaking to my mom because she still hangs out with the guy who did me wrong? (her ex-husband) For a little background info: My mom married this guy when I was around 4 years old, I'm now 18(F). First couple of years everything was good but when my mom got a job where she had to travel a lot he started taking advantage of my sister and I. They got divorce when I was 12 but my mom kept traveling and leaving us with him, this kept going on for years until I was almost 14. This all was back in my country of origin. My sister and I never told my mom any of this until we moved to the U.S to live with my father. After telling her she seemed really apologetic and said she went to the authorities, then a year later when I asked her what happened to him she told me that they did a polygraph (lie detector test) on him and nothing appeared so they didn't proceed with the investigation. I asked her if she still believed me and she said she did. Okay now this is what's going on; I recently saw a video online of my mom hanging out with him, talking and sitting next to each other like they are friends. This has made me really upset, it has caused me a lot of stress and anxiety the past few days, to the point that I have not been eating or hydrating properly. This has made me loose all the trust I had on her and make me wonder whether or not she actually went to the authorities. Her side (or what I think it could be):I went through something similar when I was 7 y/o and my mom did everything she could to get him locked up (a different guy, but the uncle of the one regarding this post). We lived in a not very advanced country and this guy had a lot of money so my case was never closed and my file disappeared, most likely because of him and his money. So MAYBE she didn't actually went to the authorities fearing the same thing would happen. She has also had multiple brain surgeries because of 7 aneurysms, this has changed the way she acts and reacts to things, to the point I have wondered if she's totally there. I feel a little guilty because I have been ignoring her but I feel like I have the right to be upset. AITA for not taking to her because she's still spending time with this guy, knowing how much pain he cause to both of his daughters?<|response|> Nta. Any mother who truly values their child wouldn’t be doing what she’s doing. <|endoftext|>
110245	1	AITA for putting parsley on my roommates scrambled eggs? So. Bit of context here. Me and my roommate (25 y/o males) work and live together and we're both pretty lazy. For the new year I decided to start waking up earlier and walking to work and I've started cooking breakfast to make sure the day gets started in the right way. This week I've been making scrambled eggs (american style), toast and avocado with -> FRESH PARSLEY <- sprinkled on top of the eggs. Every morning this week I've woken up my roommate with a really really pleasant surprise of home cooked food. He always acts really grateful, and I'm happy to do it because I enjoy making food... However. After cleaning the plates today I noticed that he had hid ALL of the parsley I had sprinkled on his eggs under his cup. Parsley goes with eggs. He's making his morning experience WORSE by eating around it... and then trying to hide the evidence- WEIRD MUCH?? So tomorrow I am going to put more parsley on the eggs I make. I'm actually going to put more on than I put yesterday. So yeah. Sorry if this is the wrong format but can you just honestly tell me if I am the asshole in this situation?? I will update this post as developments happen.<|response|> YTA I have never seen such a clear case of someone being an asshole. Parsley does NOT go on eggs. Eww. :P <|endoftext|>
35448	4	AITA for telling my mom to allow my dad to sleep over? I'm 19, currently studying at university, and living at home with my mom (50). My parents have been divorced for about 12 years due to constant arguing, except they've always been somewhat amicable with each other. My dad (64) has always been allowed to come to the house and see me and my brother, and helps out financially with us when he can. The past few years however haven't been great on him, and I suspect he's currently living in suboptimal conditions, as the first thing he does when he gets to the house is take a shower. He occasionally sleeps over in the guest room at the house (about once or twice a week) and manages to say a few words to my mom like hi and how are you doing. He would always text before coming and wouldn't go to the house if my brother or I were not there. Tensions have raised in the past few months and now he actively avoids all contact with my mom and vice versa whenever he comes over to sleep. My mom has expressed how she wants to ban my dad from stepping foot into the house as she says she feels restricted when he does, despite the two avoiding contact with each other during his stay. I care a lot for my dad would really like to support him by offering a comfortable place to stay every now and then, but my mom is completely against it. I don't see anything wrong with it as they avoid contact with each other and all he does is use the bathroom and sleep.<|response|> YTA. > I care a lot for my dad would really like to support him by offering a comfortable place to stay every now and then, but my mom is completely against it. YOU aren't the one offering up your place. You're offering up your mom's place. > The past few years however haven't been great on him, and I suspect he's currently living in suboptimal conditions, as the first thing he does when he gets to the house is take a shower. > > Tensions have raised in the past few months and now he actively avoids all contact with my mom and vice versa whenever he comes over to sleep. My mom has expressed how she wants to ban my dad from stepping foot into the house as she says she feels restricted when he does, despite the two avoiding contact with each other during his stay. I get you feel attached to your dad, but how you're blaming this on your mom is beyond me. He is the one doing poorly. He's the one who has to slink over and shower/sleep at his ex-wife's house, yet *she's* the one who ends up restricted in her own home? Look, it's your dad, but if your mom doesn't want a bum she used to *have* to deal with hanging around and causing her more grief, more power to her. Support her in that, because she's probably right. > My parents have been divorced for about 12 years due to constant arguing, except they've always been somewhat amicable with each other. My dad (64) has always been allowed to come to the house and see me and my brother, and helps out financially with us when he can. Yeah so your mom is the one who kept her shit together and took care of business for her kids. Your dad helped "when he could." I'm sure your mom feels really respected lol. <|endoftext|>
54797	3	AITA for telling my sister off? Tl;dr at bottom Some context: I (16m) am the youngest with 2 older siblings (21m) and (25f). We all live in my parents house right now. Growing up, all of us were overweight (my brother being more on the obese side). But 2 years ago, he started taking his health seriously and began some intense workouts and slimmed down a lot (he's practically skinny with some chub on the sides). Now he's been trying to get me to do the same workouts as him and it's helped a lot but you can visibly see that I'm still fat. But I've made progress and am happy with what I've done so far. My sister, who although isn't as fat as us, appears to be really fat due to her very short height. She has decided to finally cut down on certain junk foods she eats. But when I say cut down, I don't mean like completely getting rid of certain foods (like my brother and I are doing) but rather eating less of it, which is still unhealthy if she's trying to lose weight. For instance, rather than eating 3 small bags of chips, she'd eat 1. She's saying that gradually she'll stop eating it, which in past experiences has never worked before so I found that to be completely BS. Here's where the AH thing starts: One day, she said that she's ordering pasta because there was no food in the house (which was a lie, there's plenty to eat). Now, she isn't really exercising and eating something like this is high in calories I said, "if you're trying to lose weight, isn't cutting out carbs a good idea?" and she responds back with "Look, until you look like *our brother*, you can't say shit about my weight" which really upset me considering I've done so much fucking work to just be told that since I haven't dropped 30 lbs in 2 weeks, my opinion doesn't matter. So I pretty much yelled back "At least I'm doing something unlike a certain someone who still eats junk food every second she has the chance!" and she just got pissed and walked to her room and shut the door. So Reddit, AITA? Tl;dr: Sister told me that I can't comment on her weight since I'm still fat even though I've actually put the work in to start losing it while she hasn't. Told her exactly that and now she's pissed. Edit: spelling Edit (again): So she came out of her room completely fine about an hour ago to get something to eat. She's talking to me normally as if nothing happened (she does this often when in arguments with the family). So do I just leave it at this and carry on with our lives because idk if it's worth bringing up now?<|response|> ESH. Except your brother. It’s her life she can do what she wants but her saying that to you was still uncalled for. <|endoftext|>
26034	3	AITA? Step-daughter/Finances AITA? Step-Daughter/Finances I agreed to co-sign on a Student Line of Credit for my step daughter who planned out the repayment of this loan to the bank. I felt that she was genuine in her planning and I knew she needed the Line of Credit for school related expenses (which were also outlined in the plan). She had planned to pay back this loan to the bank within 3 years. It was a smaller amount of money - about $5k and she was in her last year of school. 12 months rolls around and she gets pregnant. Ok, not in the plan, but she had finished school and actually had a not too bad job. She moves out with her boyfriend, has the baby, loses her job and gets another. During this time she is making only minimum payments on this loan, which means she will be paying for this for the next 20 years at least, and even then, that would be optimistic. We spoke about this and her original "plan" and I realized at this point, I could not force her to make larger payments, and she was still making the minimums so all I could do was let it go. Fast forward 4 years. She has had her boyfriend charged with domestic assault as a result of an incident, she moves back in with her mother, gathers her finances and manages to get a place of her own. She managed to get pregnant AGAIN with the man who had a restraining order due to the pending charges. Because their case had not yet been settled, and they had both agreed on the restraining order, no contact, etc., this pregnancy came as a surprise (understatement). She told our 4 year old grandson not to talk about the fact that his father had been coming around (and eventually moved back in during the period of the restraining order), and she common law husband ended up lying in court stating that he was abiding by the order. The shit hit the fan when we asked her about this, as we felt that our grandson may be in danger given the nature of what had happened. That's when she proclaimed because her father and I were not "happy" enough about this baby that she was cutting us off. I look at my banking app recently and I realized she had stopped making payments. Great, my credit rating is on the line, so I start making the minimum payments. Since she is not "speaking" with us, she did not advise that she would be stopping these payments. We had been very active in our grandson's life (the first baby). We took him to a lot of places, and spent a lot of time with him. We were heartbroken that she made the decision to keep him from us, and started to review our options when the payments stopped and shifted our focus. We decided that after us trying to contact her, and her not responding that we were not simply going to<|response|> NTA Dude that sucks and I hope that things get better. First rule of lending to friends and family: assume that money is never coming back. <|endoftext|>
142475	4	AITA betrayal or life? So...I've never made a Reddit post before but I honestly don't know here. So at the beginning of the year a friend of mine and I planned to move in together. We had it all planned out. We both had abusive situations we had to escape. I am still in mine and between that and my past it makes me very paranoid and scared. Every time I move in with someone it goes wrong and I end up coming back to the abusive people. I expressed this concern and from the beginning he promised me I would not be alone and that would never happen. So he moved in with a friend to get started so we could both earn money to get that place. While living with that friend he fell for them. He decided he didn't want to move out of their house and didn't want me to move in. But "we could be neighbors" and "rent is cheap enough for one person anyway". I got angry. I didn't trust him anymore and I felt betrayed because he basically told me to screw off. I started falling back on old paranoia habits. I kept evidence of things to prove if something did go down. But I was told that I shouldn't have done that because he wasn't that type of guy. I should know him better. And I thought I did know him better but my entire view of him shattered when he basically fucked me over. Of course he is entitled to do whatever is best for him. But I don't know if things will ever be the same between us...am I the asshole for not just letting it go and acting as if nothing ever happened? Is this not as big of a betrayal as it feels?<|response|> NAH - I understand it blows that this person bailed on your plans, and you have every right to feel miffed by this person’s actions, but ultimately it doesn’t seem your plans were set in stone. Situations change and life doesn’t always go the way you planned it. Your friend changed their mind and you shouldn’t hold that against them. Additionally, this friend is not responsible for your past and the bad situation you are currently in. Allowing those circumstances to affect your relation with the friend is entirely on you, not on your friend. <|endoftext|>
47712	3	AITA for telling A kid to fuck off while i read So i read a LOT of books at school. So much so that people know me as book kid. I read English books and its finland so people are usually curious. So while im reading i constantly get people asking stuff like “what are you reading?” “Why do you read so much” “whats the book about” “where did you get it?” Etc Usually if im in a good mood i will answer ONE question if they ask again i will give them a death glare, on the third question I’ll tell them to fuck off If its a kid i will go up to three questions in a good mood. otherwise I’ll death glare them and tell them to fuck off. So one time i was hanging out with my friend and we were reading together. A kid comes up and asks what im reading, i tell him and he thinks for a bit and asks me what its about. Death glare, he asks again, i tell him to fuck off, the kid looks shocked (he was maybe eight) and walks off. My friend turns to me and goes “what the hell dude he was a kid” i just shrug and go back to reading. So AITA for telling an eight year old to fuck off.<|response|> YTA. A simple "Sorry, but I would rather enjoy my book without having a conversation right now" would have been the non-asshole way to handle this. <|endoftext|>
47985	3	AITA for not wanting to go on a lake trip with a group of friends for several days because my Ex will be there? 4th of July is coming up and a group of friends of mine were looking into renting an Airbnb or campground up at a fairly popular lake in California. A group of girls that we know, with my ex included, reached out and asked if we wanted to split with them. I told one of the girls that I wouldn't feel comfortable going since my ex of two months would be in attendance and I'm still not over her. I was told that I was being self-centered and unfair since we would be in a group setting and that "it'll only get weirder unless you interact with her". I don't really want to have to be with her for several days because I don't want to hurt myself all over again. AITA?<|response|> NTA. If you are still hurting, you're still hurting. Fuck your "friends" who lack emotional awareness. <|endoftext|>
25568	4	AITA? While we were in a room alone together, husband started touching himself. It pissed me off. NSFW Throwaway. I’m trying to leave out the editorial and just state the facts. Husband (M 40s) and I (F late 30s) have been married 20 years. I think we have a healthy sex life (multiple times a week, sometimes multiple times a day, even). There are errands we need to run today. I asked him if how soon we were leaving because I needed to get dressed. Then I started going through the clothes basket. “What are you doing? I already put clothes out for you upstairs.” (Edit: He’s not being controlling. He likes when I wear certain clothes. If I don’t like whatever he put out, I’ll just wear something else.) I looked over at him and he was playing with himself. That pissed me off and he doesn’t understand why. He thinks he should be able to express himself in his own home. It was just the two of us, he should be allowed to show his wife he’s attracted to her. He doesn’t understand why I reacted the way I did. I asked him what was the purpose of him doing that. According to him, there was no purpose. He wasn’t doing it to get a response from me. I could have just ignored him. Instead, I chose to get upset. Tell me, Reddit, AITA? Edited to answer a question. >What does this have to do with clothes? Because he *likes* when I wear certain clothes.<|response|> NTA I'm an old dude, and I think it's a bit weird... I mean there are ways to come on to my wife that don't involve whipping it out. That said... You've been married 20 years, and you still inspire your man to want to yank it... Are you really sure that's something you want to get angry about? <|endoftext|>
7095	3	[AITA] Gave my friend some peanuts, asked for some later. I was in France this summer with two of my friends and I was eating some peanuts on the train into the city. I was full so I gave the rest to one of my friends and said he could keep them. A few hours later we were at the fountain that's outside the Louvre and the Arc that isn't the Arc de Triumf, it's like the red granite looking one with like a gold chariot on it. Anyway I was like hey can I have some of those peanuts, and my "friend" was like "No way dude you gave those to me." I didn't have any other food so I was like wtf, can I have like one of your protein bars or something and he was like no, I was like are you fucking kidding me and grabbed his backpack as collateral for a handful of peanuts, and he was like fine take your fucking peanuts AND THREW THEM IN THE FOUNTAIN. I gave his backback back so that I wouldn't make more of a scene. His excuse was that he carried this bag of peanuts which weighed maybe 5 ounces. He is adamant that he was in the right and I was out of line, so did the other friend I was with, I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone, so tell me am I the asshole?<|response|> On the one hand, you were a bit of an indian-giver (incidentally is that term acceptable these days??) by trying to get some of the nuts back, but he stopped anyone from enjoying the peanuts so his need for sustenance was less than his desire to stubbornly prove a glib point, so he should have just reciprocated the initial generosity. <|endoftext|>
33730	4	AITA for inviting my mom to something that I knew she couldn't go to? I was accepted into an honor society at my college. The chapter at my school seems to be very disorganized as when I was trying to register, it was a pain to hear back from anyone. They just e-mailed us that they're having the induction ceremony on Friday, at 6:30. Now, I knew there was no way my parents could get here in time. My mom gets done with work at 5:30 and they live about 45 mintues away with no traffic but it'll be Friday night, of course there will be traffic. I knew there would be no way for them to make it in time and I wasn't upset, because it wasn't any of our faults. Had they given us enough notice, my mom would've been able to get out of work early but she can't do that with just a couple of days notice. That being said, I knew if I went and accepted everything, my mom would be upset that I didn't invite her. I debated it for a bit, but finally decided to call her and tell her. She said she could try her best but ultimately we both agreed there was no way she'd make it in time. However, now she feels bad and I feel like an asshole for putting this on her. I feel like I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I told her a million times that it wasn't her fault and that I wasn't mad, but I could tell she was upset. Should I have just not brought it up?<|response|> NTA - Intentions matter here, if you invited her with the intention of hurting her or rubbing it in her face that she could not be there, that would be one thing, but making sure she knew you wished she could be there sounds like a positive move. Feels like she interpreted it wrong here, or we don't have enough info as to why she interpreted that way. <|endoftext|>
91882	3	WIBTA if I changed my password to my phone So I (16M) got a new phone for Christmas from my parents it's a pretty good phone and I am greatfull. Today I was down my grandmother's for a few hours I decided to leave my phone there I assumed that they wouldn't go on it as it is mine. Stupidly I gave them the password to my phone thinking that I could trust them. When I got back from my grandmother's my father and brother were imitating a video of me that was on a Facebook group chat nothing serious but something that is embarrassing. They also decided to add people on Snapchat that I didn't want. I think this is ridiculous and I need to trust them with my phone. I thought that I could change the password to my phone to ensure that they cannot get on it but I don't know if that'd make me the bad guy. So WIBTA if I did this.<|response|> NTA it's your phone and your social life. You should be able to trust your family. Unless your parents have given you other ground rules like being able to check-in on your phone and such, go ahead and change that password. <|endoftext|>
48131	3	AITA for threatening to kick my roommate out? Okay just for premise, my roommate (24M) and I (27F) used to really get along. Until he got this puppy. We live in an apartment, and this puppy is part golden retriever. She’s too big and too high energy for this apartment, which isn’t her fault and I feel bad for her. All he does is play video games from the time he gets home from work until he goes to bed. He hardly takes her outside. And when he does, it’s just to potty. She has accidents inside constantly. He hardly cleans it either. He just blots it with the paper towels I BUY. I told him he needed to buy a carpet cleaner, because she’s ruining the carpet and the apartment stinks so bad. It breaks my heart because this is the nicest place I’ve ever owned. When he got his check he bought this like squirt stuff that’s for stain removal, and you blot it with a towel after it sets for like 15 minutes. This is not what we had agreed on, and what he said he was gonna do. Now I just got home from a much needed day out. When I walked in I noticed there was some like foam everywhere. I had set aside this mattress topper that I just sold and was waiting for the girl to come pick it up, and his dog tore it to shreds. He knew too, because he had picked all the pieces up and *stuffed it in the mattress cover*. Seriously? Anyways, I told him politely that I saw it and I needed the money that I had sold it for from him. Because I obviously can’t sell it in that condition. He didn’t act very apologetic and when I said I needed him to pay me for it he kinda half-whispered “okay”. Then when I went to walk out of his room he muttered “yeah, good luck with that.” So I turned around and asked “what was that?” And he just laughed and said “nothing.”. Anyways, it’s now escalated that he refuses to pay for the (less than $100) and is threatening to move out. So I told him “fine, go then. But you owe me the deposit you’ve been promising me for her for the last five months, plus the cost of the mattress. You have 30 days to find somewhere else.” I also told him I didn’t really expect him to move out. That covering the <$100 is way cheaper than deposits on a new place. I’m trying to work with him, but he just acts like he should leave if I’m going to be so ridiculous. And he’s arguing that it’s my fault for having the mattress in an accessible area. How is it my fault? If she chewed up my tv cord, is that my fault? Or his for not watching her? Wouldn’t he be expected to replace that? I don’t know. Am I the asshole for this?<|response|> NTA This guy should not have a dog if he isn't going to take care of it. <|endoftext|>
76337	3	AITA for embarrassing my husband? My husband owns a small business and a couple of our regulars (people who we know pretty well) were in there hanging out. I had some chips and salsa out for customers to sample, and I saw my husband double dip. I gave him a hard time about it and said I was going to have to throw the bowl of salsa out. I could tell it upset him. We started working on other things, but he seemed really tense. A few minutes later, I asked him to help me with something in the storeroom so we could talk in private. I started to apologize and he said, "Don't you ever fucking talk to me like that in front of those people again. You made a scene and made me look stupid, and I cannot look stupid in front of my customers." I just left and went home because I was so upset. Criticizing him in public wasn't the best thing, but I feel like his reaction was way overblown. AITA? UPDATE: After he closed this evening, I talked to him and found out that the guys in the shop thought it was hilarious because it reminded them of an episode of Seinfeld about double dipping. And they all had a good laugh about it.<|response|> YTA. Yes, he overreacted.. but that was a reaction to you acting like an asshole and embarrassing him in front of regular customers. That was a really shitty way to treat your partner (in life AND business). <|endoftext|>
191564	3	WIBTA if I tell my GF I can't stand her friends? My missus is quite introverted and as such doesn't have many friends, she's also one of those women who doesn't get along with other women so for her to have a female friend is quite rare. She's become friends with this one girl who I found insufferable before but kept my mouth shout. However recently she started dating someone so we've been going on double dates and good God it's torture. I can't stand either of them at all, WIBTA if I tell my GF this? I don't want to make her choose between myself and her friends but if I have to hang out with them again or go on another double date I might end up committing murder. My main gripe with the guy is that he's just unbelievably boring and dull, however the girl is just an awful person. She's straight up racist, but does it in a "I'm joking but probably not" way that I find annoying. She has to make every conversation about her, if it doesn't she'll interrupt and start talking about something that interests her. She uses every opportunity to put people and has to brag about what school and university she went to. She also non-stop uses those insulting compliments like "You're prettier when you smile" or "You're so cultured for someone who hasn't travelled a lot". Just can't stand her.<|response|> NTA. It's important to be honest with your S.O., but what can make you an asshole is how you tell your GF. <|endoftext|>
162161	3	AITA for emptying a washing machine? I live in student housing, three washing machines and three dryers to roughly 40 people in my building. When I do laundry, if there are clothes in a washing machine/dryer but its cycle is over, I move the clothes on top of the machine and put my clothes in. I've done this for like a year and never really thought anything of it. If I leave my clothes in the washer for too long and someones moved my stuff out that's on me. Obviously I don't do this is there is an empty machine. I was talking to a friend last week and she mentioned that she would never do that and would be concerned if people had touched her clothes. So AITA for moving clothes (that are finished in the washer) so I can do my laundry?<|response|> NTA. What your doing is standard etiquette for shared laundry facilities. <|endoftext|>
176566	4	AITA for wanting my wife the help out with the mortgage for our home? Throwaway for the usual reasons. I (41M) am married to a wonderful 40F. Been together for four years and married for one. Many years ago,I was lucky enough to purchase an apartment and own it outright.I had this place for a few years before I met my then GF who I dated for five years and who lived with me for three years. At the time she was starting up a business and I decided to borrow against my home to help her set up her business. We had talked about getting married and our lives together moving forward so I decided to help out. After several years, we broke up. No cheating or anything bad, the relationship had just run its course. I now owed a decent chunk on my mortgage and was stuck paying that every month. Yes, it was stupid of me and some might say I was taken advantage of. I’ve come to terms with it and have moved on. That’s not the gist of my question to you internet strangers. Fast forward a few years and I meet my now wife. Dated for a few years before she moved in with me.We were open about our financial responsibilities, income and general attitude towards finances in a relationship and agreed across the board. When she moved in we agreed for her to pay an equal share of household expenses, property tax, utilities, and food. I understood that she did not want to pay into equity on a home that she was not on title for.She also was against paying into the mortgage as it was a direct result of me “giving money to my ex” and she didn’t want to have to “pay for my ex”. Fair enough. She agreed to pay equally on everything but the mortgage. This deal has gone on to the present day. We were married over a year ago. I have now brought up the fact that as we are married and this is our family home I feel that the arrangement should be reviewed. She doesn’t feel as though it is her responsibility to help pay off the mortgage as that money directly benefitted my ex and why should she have to hold that burden. She resents the fact that “I” owe X amount on this mortgage due to helping out my then girlfriend. My argument is that the cause of me holding a mortgage on my, and now our home, is now inconsequential. I’ve asked her if I owed/had a mortgage on my home for any other reason if she would still feel the same way and she’s said no. Basically I feel that as we are now married, this home is our home. It’s part of our future and she should be contributing equally to that, regardless of where this debt came from. If and when we sell this place to buy a bigger home, that money will directly benefit her and she’s said she’ll pay<|response|> INFO What kind of split are you proposing for the mortgage. Also, will you be putting her on title if she starts paying? In your area, does she have any rights to the house simply from being married? <|endoftext|>
76944	3	AITA for feeling forced to give one of my friends a gift? I'm in high school and my birthday is the first among my group of friends, and no one said anything to me or gave me anything at that time I didn't mind it that much since this isn't that popular where I live. But now one of my friends birthday is coming, and my whole group is going nuts to give him gifts and congrats and I'm feeling pressured to gift him.<|response|> NTA-Give him your best wishes. No stress. No money required. No mess. <|endoftext|>
345	3	AITA because this woman's daughter pissed on her? I was at the movie theater, and I needed to use the restroom. I went into the "family" restroom since I feel more comfortable using it than the women's or men's restroom. And I was in there for 5 minutes tops. When I come out, there's a woman standing at the door, calling me and asshole for using the family room when I don't have any kids. Apparently, her toddler daughter had wasn't well potty-trained and had a few-minute window of time to get a toilet, and ended up peeing through her mom's shirt because I was in there. I walked off, but then after using the bathroom, she found me in the concessions line and decided to call me an ass again. I told her it was her own decisions that led to this and not mine, and she told me "fuck you" and walked off. AITA for using the family restroom?<|response|> Yep, you're an asshole. There's a reason family rooms exist, and it isn't so you can have a more pleasurable bathroom experience. <|endoftext|>
52541	4	WIBTA if I make my siblings authorized users on my CC? So I will start off by saying that I have a 720 credit score and am as financially stable as a college student can be and I know how much harder not having a credit score made my life when trying to live and survive college. So to look out for my brother and Sister I asked my mom if I could add them as authorized users, cut the cards and let them piggyback, to which she replied, "that is completely unacceptable. Why would I let you ruin their lives without them having a say?" I was caught off guard so I just agreed and walked away. I thought more about it and I am pretty sure that this is just my mom trying to control my siblings lives even more than she already does by trying to keep them financially dependent like she did with me. I'm worried that the longer they spend with her the less likely they are to get away from her BS. So WIBTA for doing it anyways and not telling anyone. Should I tell my brother and sister? Should I make them learn to use it responsibly. For context one is 16 and the other is 13. Edit:For more context my mother has OCD and it involves her controlling every aspect of our lives from downloading trackers on our phones to putting them on our vehicles. For the most part it is harmless hovering but at its worst involves grabbing us from wherever we are and taking us back home for no reason other than she thought we had had enough fun or whatever else (I don't mean like a curfew i mean if we were out of the house for longer than a few hours). Its emotionally draining to be yelled at and verbally abused for not vacuuming 3-4 times a day and only doing it once. I had to deal with living with her 3 years after i had gone to college because i could not afford to be a student and be on my own (mostly because i needed her to give me money or cosign). If i ever "stepped out of line" I would get threatened with her not signing in the future. I guess my goal would be to keep my mom from hanging that carrot over their head too. Ive already made space in my house for both of them despite me already having a shaky budget.<|response|> You seem to have good intentions, but YTA. There’s zero reason for a 13 and 16 year old to have their own credit cards, and it’s absolutely illegal for you to take cards out in their name without their knowledge and without their guardian’s permission. Just be there for your siblings when it’s time for them to consider moving out. You don’t need to do something illegal to achieve that. Just be the support you wished you had when it’s their turn. <|endoftext|>
83894	3	AITA for telling my friends potential employer she’s a bad employee So my friend used me as a reference for a nannying job, and her potential employer called me to ask me some questions. When I first had my twins my husband was working a lot and this friend lived with us because she was going through a rough time. I paid her $20 an hour to watch my kids once a week so I could get my groceries and run errands, since it would benefit both of us, her getting paid and i can get my errands done without having to cart 2 infants around. It only lasted 2 times because I would be gone for hours and I would come back and my kids would still be in their pajamas, dirty from breakfast and with diaper rash, and she would be sitting on the couch drinking wine despite me giving her instructions on what she should do (like a nanny) I told the woman that while she’s a good person she’s not a good caretaker, she drank wine while watching my 7 month old twins, didn’t change them or wash them off and it only lasted 2 times because of those circumstances, and I wouldn’t trust her 14 month old and 2 year old with her She thanked me and told me she’d take what I said into consideration. My friend called me about 20 minutes later and told me I ruined her opportunities and said it’s a lot different being a hired nanny than getting paid to watch your friends kid, called me a bitch and blocked my number. Our mutual friend said I should have just said I didn’t have any experience with her and let her figure it out on her own, and it was different than her watching my kids. Our other friends are split. Was I an asshole and in the wrong? Edit: she did not ask if she could put me as a reference.<|response|> NTA- these are things that as a parent you'd want to know before hiring someone to watch your kids <|endoftext|>
28272	4	AITA for leaving my girlfriend to go to a group meeting while she was crying? Hey there people of reddit, first time poster here, so forgive me if I make any mistakes. Also, so sorry for how stupidly long this is going to be. I'm not really sure how to start this off, so I'll just jump right into it. Earlier this week, a friend that my girlfriend hasn't talked to in three years passed away., and obviously, my girlfriend was really upset. I've tried to help her, though I'll admit that I had no idea what I was doing. I don't know if I did a good job, but I tried to make her feel like she could come to me when she needed me. Today, my girlfriend and I were having lunch together. She seemed uncharacteristically quiet, and I could tell she was upset. After lunch, we end up going back to her room, and it's not long before she's crying so hard that she almost throws up. I tried to comfort her the whole time. I didn't know what to say, and I wasn't sure there was anything I could say to make her feel better, so I just let her cry. She calms down a bit, so I check my phone, find that a group from my class was meeting to do mandatory peer reviews in about 10 minutes. I couldn't just ask them all to delay it for me, not when they were already meeting up. I stayed as long as I could. Our friend came over eventually and tried to talk it out with her. When I was about 20 minutes late and she had calmed down a little bit, I left; I know I shouldn't have left. She really needed me. That being said, I felt. I just dropped out of a class of mine two days ago, one that's mandatory for my psychology major, and my dad was understandably upset about this. He's been paying for my college all by myself, and although I've never been on top of my educational game until now, I felt like I had to put in the work this time around.I just felt like I owed it to him to at least try and be more focused on my education. She ended up going home, and when I texted her after a while, she was understandably upset at me. Although we did make up, she told me that she thinks she can't trust me to be there for her from now on. I've always tried to be there for her whenever she needed me, and even when she didn't. I've tried to be as supportive as I could be, and while I don't know that I did the best job, I know I put in the effort. That's why it hurt so much when she said she felt like she couldn't trust me. She said this wasn't the first time she felt like this, but I've always tried to be there for her, at least as far as<|response|> I was prepared to call you the asshole based on the title, but NAH, I understand her being hurt but also understand you not wanting to fuck up your class. Though you very rightfully could have claimed a personal emergency and asked for a delay for the peer review and I doubt people would give too much shit about it, most people understand that things like this happen. <|endoftext|>
66302	3	WIBTA if I ask my friend to stop kissing me? My friend is physically, but not mentally, disabled. I like giving hugs, as a hello and a goodbye. However, this particular friend likes to give a kiss too, usually on the cheek. However, my friend is registered blind and frequently misses, kissing me on the neck instead. This is what makes me uncomfortable. As to me, a neck is a place to be kissed by a partner. WIBTA if I ask her to stop?<|response|> NAH. If she is blind then she isn't kissing your neck on purpose. But if it is making you uncomfortable then you aren't an asshole for asking her to stop. <|endoftext|>
152850	3	AITA for not giving my mom my company stipend for my cell phone? So, I've just gotten a new job and, since I use my phone for work, my company gives me a $50 monthly stipend to cover cell phone bills. My mom (who's phone plan I'm still on) recently asked me if I could help her by paying the $30 monthly it costs to have me on her phone plan. I said I was ok with that. When she found out I got a $50 stipend from my work - she demanded that I give her all $50 every month because she's been paying for my phone bills since I was a teenager (I'm 23 and now live on my own). I've declined and said I'm happy to pay her the $30 it costs to have me on it, but I see no reason why my company's stipend should be paying for her phone bill, particularly since I still have a large amount of loans to still pay off and she's fine financially. It's now become a fight. AITA?<|response|> INFO How much would it cost you to have your own plan? If it's more than $50, you should at the very least split the difference with your mother. While paying her $30 means you aren't costing her anything, if a solo plan would cost you more than $50 a month, she's still saving you money. <|endoftext|>
20363	1	AITA for keeping a list of all the girls I've slept with? I (22M) have a journal with a list of the names of all the girls that I've slept with (slept with 15 girls). This includes committed relationships (2), fuckbuddy scenarios (3) and one-night stands/hookups (10). Every time I have sex, I make sure to write the name of the girl down with a rating of how good looking I think she was, and how good I thought the sex was (scored out of 10). It seems odd, but the reason I do this is because whenever I feel down, I can just open up the journal and look to the list to remind myself that I've slept with some decent looking girls, and it makes me happy again. My female friend (22F) found this list and said it was disgusting. She didn't listen to any of my reasons that I have.<|response|> Dennis Reynolds? Is that you? <|endoftext|>
32169	2	AITA- For keeping distance and not going to my dads wedding? My dad is in his late 60's and has a long history of being a narcissist and emotionally manipulative. Sometimes it's so subtle you forget he's like that and other times it's ridiculously obvious. My siblings (all of us 30+) and I go back and forth in a sort of denial of his actions. A little back story: My dad is well off and lavishes woman with gifts and attention and can find a gf pretty easy. He currently has his girlfriend (also in her 60's) of 1 1/2 yrs living with him and they are engaged to be married in a few weeks. This will be his 7th (2,3 and 4 were just to my mom) Ok so the issue: In January his gf got very upset about a comment I made regarding laundry and threw a big tantrum and left the room. My father than berated me for being selfish, rude and a cold B\*\*\*\* all the time and even quoting things he knew would cut me deeply. Well, to be honest I lost my shiz and ended up screaming and defended myself (thank you therapy) and said how he doesn't get to use my own "triggers" as weapons to cut me just because he was mad. We ended up both leaving the situation angry and unresolved. I tried to reach out a few days later only to have the situation blow up even more. It included them yelling over me that they didn't want to hear what I had to say, as I apologized for getting upset previously and even including his gf plugging her ears and screaming so she couldn't hear me. I was blocked from phones and they stopped all contact. It took my brother threatening to keep the grandkids from him to get him to reach out. My father and I spoke alone and the whole time it was classic manipulation and I was even shamed for my brother getting involved and turning family against him. I felt we did finally end things on even ground and could move on. But I saw him and his gf multiple times over the next two months at family functions only to get the angry cold shoulder and silent treatment from both of them. Present Day: The family is getting wedding invited but not me. Unbeknownst to me. my brother once again threatens that if I am not invited than his family wont be coming. My dad finally texts me saying he would like to discuss the issues. I thought about it for 2 days and then replied that I loved him but I was unable to meet at this time due to his/gf previous behavior and I would not be attending the wedding that I had not been invited to. I wished him well. I then got a guilt text from the gf but no contact since. After so many yrs of manipulation if feels good to have space and I can see his mental issue and<|response|> NTA. Those two are immature as fuck, and not nice people. I wouldn't want to be around them period. Mock me when I apologize and do that ear plugging shit, yeah no. I'd be out real fucking quick with no regrets of ditching pieces of trash like that. <|endoftext|>
44272	3	WIBTA If I don't leave my wife's childhood friend's bachelor party if it ends up at a strip club? So, little backstory here. I met my wife's friend about 16 years ago when my wife & I started dating (wife & I have since married...have 2 kids). He was her friend looong before I met her, but we hit it off & became fast friends. He's tying the knot soon. Poor bastard. (KIDDING!) His bachelor party is tonight (organized by another friend) and my wife has given me strict instructions that "if the party decides to go to a strip club....I'm to immediately disband & call her for a ride." I kinda feel like if I ditch the party I'd be an asshole to my/wife's friend. Now there's NO GUARANTEE that we'll even go to a strip club. The plan is just to meet at his house & UBER out & go bar hopping. My wife's concern is once we get some drinks in us (and being that is is a bachelor party) we will inevitably wind up at a strip club. Cliché...I know. I've got zero history of infidelity with the misses, so it's not as if I'm a serial cheater or some shit. My wife sees strip clubs as "places filled with whores & guys looking to get their dicks wet". I'm 36 years old & honestly have never been. I've been with my wife since I was 20 years old. So WIBTA if the party does go to a strip club & I don't bail? I don't wanna be a dick to my/wife's buddy on HIS night & TBH I think my wife's kind of being unreasonable, especially since this is her friend too & she's the only reason me and him even know each other. *UPDATE: We went to a cigar/cocktail lounge. Then went to a comedy club, then I called my wife to pick me up because the guy who was hosting the party wanted me to get an UBER to a strip club. We were all pretty lit at that point & apparently no one charges thier phones before going out except me, LoL. I did order their Uber, but made up an excuse about drinking to much & not wanting to puke on some poor girls boobies.<|response|> YWBTA - You're post reads like you are expecting it to go to a strip club and are looking for validation that it is okay to go. If you know wife isn't cool with it, it is not okay to go behind her back. Either accept that you shouldn't go or try to convince her otherwise. <|endoftext|>
137424	3	WIBTA if I change my Netflix password? My oldest sister has my Netflix info. Her grandma uses it as well since I gave her the info when she was living there. I didn't mind them using it but now I've changed my mind. The reason I've changed my mind is because she has my niece on it now and I think she may have given it to my mom who I dont have contact with and my sister knows I wouldn't want her to have that info.<|response|> NTA, do what you want with your own Netflix <|endoftext|>
41079	2	AITA for paying off my student loans instead of paying back my parents? I am going to be an incoming freshman in college in the fall. for a little context, my school is about 13,000 a year (i’m commuting) i have a $4,000 scholarship and i have a $5,500 fasfa student loan. my parents are paying the the other $4000 out of pocket which they have done for both my brother and sister and were planning on doing for me. they have also bought me a car and will pay for my gas for my total hour round trip to and from school. the idea of all this money racking up awaiting me after i graduate is terrifying. i have a part time job and i am planning of saving all this money (i get spending money from other random things so i’ll actually save it) and i want to pay it towards my fasfa. my parents really want me to pay them back and i know it’s selfish but i want it on my student loans. reading this back i sound like an asshole but my family is well off (middle class) and the tuition is manageable for my family. i am already commuting to school which is saving them money and i didn’t choose my top school because i wasn’t granted a scholarship there either. Edit: talked to my parents this morning, they’re cool with the idea. they still want me to save a small portion to help pay for gas and food and that’s fine with me. thank you guys for all the help!<|response|> I say nah, also. You can pay your parents back after school. You can’t pay them both back at the same time, I assume, and paying them back later won’t hurt your credit. <|endoftext|>
187349	3	AITA for buying a smoothie maker my roommate apparently can't use? So, a bit of backstory first. I've been living with my best friend for quite some time now. At first, things were great, and even now thing's aren't that bad. But ever since she's gotten her new boyfriend she's gotten a bit.. weird? She's gotten really passive agressive over the past few months and we fight more than before because she doesn't do her chores, snaps at me for weird stuff etc. We basically share everything in our household, from blowdryers to kitchen stuff. When we moved in a few months ago, I asked her if she wanted to get a blender for smoothies and stuff. She told me she doesn't really want one cause she's never gonna use it anyway and doesn't have the money to pay half of it. I didn't really bother since I didn't expect to use it much anyways. But like a month ago I got really into smoothies, so yesterday I decided to invest in one of those smoothiemakers (like a nutribullet but cheaper, the ones where u use the drinking bottle to blend stuff in) I didn't ask her about which one to get because she told me she wouldn't use one when we first talked about getting one, plus I'm the one paying for it anyways. The blender comes with one of the drinking bottles you blend in, you have to buy additional ones for 20 bucks a piece if you want more. So I sent her the link and texted her something along the lines of I bought myself a blender and she's welcome to use it, but she probably has to buy one of those bottles since I'm taking mine with me to work most days. That got her really mad somehow? She went off about why I'm buying something she's not gonna be able to use on purpose and why I didn't just order two bottles since we share everything anyways, and how I'd like it if she bought herself a new hairdryer and made me pay to use it. &#x200B; I honestly don't get why she's mad right now and I didn't text her back yet. I'm planning on confronting her about this tomorrow when she gets home. &#x200B; But since things have been a bit weird between us lately, I don't know if I acted wrong without realizing it? &#x200B; AITA?<|response|> NTA She said she wasn’t going to use it, so no need to consult with her on which one, nor to buy extra attachments for her. If she’s changed her mind about using it, she’s free to buy another bottle attachment — you having to go buy it now would be a minor inconvenience when you could’ve included it in the original purchase, plus you’d be paying for her thing, so there’s no need for you to do it now. <|endoftext|>
147218	2	AITA for ordering for my girlfriend at a restaurant because she took too long to decide? My girlfriend Jackie is literally so slow to decide on anything. Restaurants are the worst. We went out for dinner last night and I was already dreading the ordering as soon as we walked in. We get the menus and Jackie doesn’t even look at the menu. She starts talking about her day and then the waitress comes back and asks us if we know what we wanna order yet. Jackie has still barely glanced at the menu and I can feel myself getting more and more pissed off and annoyed. She then gets up and goes the the washroom and the waitress comes back afterwards. She says she’ll come back when Jackie is back but I stop her and say that she told me to order for her. I order something for Jackie and she comes back from the washroom. I told her that she took so long and was being embarrassing so I ordered for her. She didn’t say much and got quiet the rest of the night. Which was fine by me. When we got home she told me that she didn’t “appreciate me speaking on her behalf” but I just told her that I wouldn’t have to if she didn’t take so long. AITA? This has been a recurring thing of her taking way too long.<|response|> YTA - You just sat there, getting silently annoyed and upset with your girlfriend, over nothing. You couldn't sit for ten minutes and talk about her day at the beginning of the date? Or you couldn't politely say "I'm really hungry, could we take a second to look over the menus and decide what we want first"? This was immature, rude, and controlling. <|endoftext|>
114162	3	AITA for not thinking a "trip" was a "vacation"? This happened a few years ago when my sister graduated college. She went to a school in the middle of nowhere, but was near a shore town (Imagine Bob's Burgers with a boardwalk and stuff). My family decided to go to her graduation, then go to the shore town, rent a condo, and celebrate all weekend long. So I take time off of work, drive out there (about a 3 hour drive), and spend time with my family all weekend long on their dime. I'm very proud of my sister and have a good time, but everything we do is what she wants (naturally, since it's her weekend). I never complained, and it wasn't like she picked weird and awful things to do. Honestly, it was a pretty good time. 8/10 would recommend. So at the end of the trip, we're all packing up and my mom asks me "So did you have a fun vacation?" Mostly joking, I reply "I don't know if I would classify this as a vacation, but yeah, it was a blast." Mom: "What do you mean NOT A VACATION? You got to eat and spend time with us!" Me: "Yeah. It was fun, but this trip wasn't for me. I got to see you all and party, but this was all about my sister and celebrating her graduation." Mom: "You are so selfish! Why can't you have fun with your family! This was a huge accomplishment for your sister!" Me: "I'm not saying it WASNT, I'm just saying this was a fun family trip. I came out here for her, not myself. To me a vacation is going somewhere fun that YOU wanted to go to and do things that YOU wanted to do. But I still had fun and I'm glad I came. I guess we just have different definitions on vacation." Mom & Sister: "NEXT TIME WE JUST WON'T INVITE YOU SINCE YOU APPARENTLY HATE SPENDING TIME WITH YOUR FAMILY" We've all gotten over it after a few years, but it still hangs in my mind from time to time. I just have to know, Reddit. Was I an asshole for not considering a trip I was pretty much obligated to tag along on a vacation? I swear this almost reads like an episode of Everyone Lives Raymond.<|response|> YTA. I'm not going to say you were an asshole for the first comment, as it was your opinion. You joked that it was more a trip than a vacation. But after that point? You clearly understood what they were trying to say, but you decided to pick the battle and fight the fuck out of it. I'd agree with u/FakeVivisectionist. Pedants are very annoying. You saw them getting more and more distraught, clearly not taking your needle threading lightly, and you chose to keep "explaining." <|endoftext|>
27947	3	AITA for telling my GF that her breathe stinks? This happened several years, obviously, and I remembered it just now. I was dating this girl back in the day, our relationship was in the very early stages, like in the next days after our first nights together. So we got up, got dressed and went to the store to get some stuff. While at the store we're browsing through the aisles and at one point she reaches in to kiss me. So I lean in... Woooh... My face scrunched but I didn't want to embarrass her so with my strong stomach acids I sealed it with a light peck on her lips. A few aisles later I said to her, I said "hey uhhh... Y-you gotta... Your breath stinks" Her face washed red in embarrassment and she got mad and walked off. So am I the douche here?<|response|> NAH. What are we to are partners if not personal BO checkers. <|endoftext|>
32975	3	WIBTA if I went to the movies without my friend? My friend and I planned on going to watch a big famous movie on the 25th, ordered tickets on the day they came out, and I'm honestly very hyped. She recently messaged me that she can't come on that date because of something she can't control. I'm really excited about the movie and am honestly counting the days. Not to say she isn't excited, but I don't know how excited she is, as we haven't really talked about it too much. Would I be the asshole if I told her I'm going alone if she can't? (Sorry if it's a double post, the bot commented on my other one and I didn't see it in "New")<|response|> NTA. Just don’t ruin the ending! <|endoftext|>
169695	3	AITA For taking too many napkins at a local pizzeria? I went into this pizzeria in the city I live in to order a chicken parm hero. I wait there patiently to hear my name called. Once they call it, I go up to get the sandwich and I begin to take some napkins out of the dispenser and stuff them into the baggie containing my sandwich. The owner looks at me and says: "You cannot take anymore than two of those napkins, sir!"I told him that I am a messy eater and that I need more napkins for this particular type of sandwich. He sternly told me what the rules where, so I put the napkins back. However, as soon as he turned around, I took back that stack of napkins and placed them back into the bag and went on my merry way. &#x200B; I get a phone call about 20 minutes later from the owner, saying that I better replace those napkins that I took or else he would call the police on me for stealing... I found the whole thing to be ridiculous. I need these napkins when I eat a chicken parm hero. After bickering on the phone, I told him I would bring some in the next time I order food from the pizzeria, but I made it a clear that those napkins are there for customers and that he is taking this too seriously.. &#x200B; AITA for taking too many napkins for this chicken parm sub?<|response|> NTA. If they want to be strict with the napkins, then they should keep them behind the counter away from the general public. <|endoftext|>
23079	1	AITA: my dad thinks me having to use the bathroom at a bad time is me coming up with an excuse to not do work. I’ve been rather sick to my stomach today, and stuck in the bathroom a lot. My dad seems to think I’m just making excuses to not have to do work. AITA for this? EDIT: he just says I’m not drinking enough water.<|response|> Literally a shitpost <|endoftext|>
174669	3	AITA for not wanting my husband to go to his mom's for Thanksgiving? Bear with my rambling here... My dilemma: I work in healthcare, I work Wednesday, have Thursday off and will be on call on Friday, so I can't go anywhere. My husband is actually off Wed/Thurs. The first holiday he's been off for in a while. He wants to go to his mom's house Wed-Fri. He says it's not for Thanksgiving, he wants to hunt with his brother. He will also be there from the previous Friday-Monday to hunt with his brother, as he took off for opening weekend. I want him to stay home with me and our daughter, otherwise we will just be sitting in the house alone. He doesn't understand why it's a big deal. AITA for not wanting him to go spend Thanksgiving with his mom and to stay home with me and our daughter? Some back story: His mom lives 2 hours away, my parents live 20 minutes away. We see my parents for a couple hours once or twice a month. (I see my mom more without him) We spend an entire weekend at his mom's house once a month. His brother and sister live with his mom. Going to his mom's for the weekend usually involves some sort of get together with his aunts/uncles/cousins. My aunts/uncles/cousins live further away and we see them a couple times a year. My brother lives in CA and we see him once a year. My husband works 13-14 hour over night shifts as a police officer. We see him for maybe 15 minutes on days he works. He works a set rotating schedule that includes every other weekend. We miss a lot of holidays with him due to his schedule. It's not a big deal, my parents do shift work too, so we just celebrate on a different day when we have to. It can get lonely for me and our daughter, but it's a sacrifice we make. His mom has a harder time having to "reschedule" the holidays. We rotate holidays with our parents. Christmas with mine, Thanksgiving with his, opposite the next year. This year is my parents year for Thanksgiving. We are having all the family to their house the Saturday after Thanksgiving when everybody can get there. His mom is doing Thanksgiving on Thursday with everyone in their town.<|response|> NTA. He’s being incredibly inconsiderate. If it’s your family’s Thanksgiving, it’s your family’s thanksgiving and he needs to respect the arrangement you two have made. <|endoftext|>
73383	4	AITA for not telling a co-worker that our boss was considering letting her go? TLDR: Coworker is slow to learn while being trained and our boss is unhappy with her progress and tells me she is thinking of letting her go. AITA for not letting coworker know her job maybe on the line? A month ago, I was asked to show a couple of new co-workers how a typical work day was conducted. Afterwards I asked if either of them had any questions or wanted me to go over any training that they wanted clarification on. Coworker A asked very relevant questions about how to be more efficient and what tasks usually needed to be prioritized. Coworker B was more passive and took notes on the pointers I gave, but didn’t ask any questions. This week, I had another training visit with just co-worker B that our boss asked me to do. The first half went the same where she was quiet and focused on taking notes. During lunch hour, my boss called me and asked me if I was alone. I confirmed that I was and she asked me for any feedback on coworker B’s training. I told her that B didn’t ask any questions and while she seemed nice enough, I couldn’t get a read on whether she was absorbing what she learned or was just overwhelmed with all the information. Our boss said that she was disappointed to hear that as all the other people who had training sessions with B had also reported similar feedback. She said that B didn’t seem to display the initiative or practical knowledge that was needed for our job that B had led her to believe she had during the interview process. Our boss then said she was thinking of letting B go as she was still within the probationary period, but would still need to consult a couple of other senior leaders before finalizing her decision. She thanked me for my input and politely hung up. When B came back from lunch we finished her training and I advised her that she should be more proactive in her training and to practice what she was learning rather than just taking notes. She responded that it took her awhile to absorb information and she was still getting used to everything. I told her that was understandable but in our role we have to be quick learners, flexible when it came to unexpected situations, and be able to multi-task to meet short timelines. She got slightly upset and said not everyone learns the same way, so to not upset her further I ended the session and wished her well. AITA for not telling her that our boss was unhappy with her progress and was thinking of letting her go?<|response|> NTA Boss shouldn’t have mentioned it if were going to train more. That’s a big burden. I sorta feel bad for her bc it is true that some people are very bright, only take notes, never say a word (Clarence Thomas); while others never say a word bc they’re struggling to comprehend and keep up. Hope she gets tested or evaluated somehow before fired. <|endoftext|>
75172	1	AITA for cheating little kids out of a birthday party because their parents have no manners RSVPs dont seem to be a "thing" here. You can send out invitations, you can follow up twice, no one responds. Everyone shows up to the party and most bring extra kids. I would rather not host any parties, at all, ever. Especially when planning is impossible because no one can be bothered to send a quick message to let me know how many might be in attendance. But my kid is turning 7 and he loves this shit. It's his birthday. Last year I sent out 24 invitations, received rsvps for 4 kids. 32 were dumped on my door step. The year prior was a similar story. This year we sent out 22 invitations with a request to contact me by phone, text, email or facebook. I've sent a few follow ups with no response. I have 4 kids that have RSVPd. The party was originally planned at an indoor playground nearby. The party place are hounding me for numbers and threatening to cancel the reservation if I can't provide them. Fair enough. My kid would actually prefer to hold his party at another location. I had vetoed it because it was way too expensive for the number of kids he wanted to invite, but for size of the party that have RSVPd, the cost would be perfectly reasonable. I want to cancel the party at the indoor playground, move it to the location that my son would prefer and plan to take only the kids that have RSVPd. It seems like a pretty reasonable course of action, but I'm pretty sure that 25 little kids will show up, gifts in hand, expecting a birthday party at the original place. There will be no party. So, AITA for making that the parents problem? Or just move on and plan a smaller party with the kids that I have been notified to expect? I don't want to communicate the location change to everyone, because the cost would be extreme if everyone showed up. I also don't want to continue planning parties for somewhere between 4- 40 kids because no one can be bothered to send a damned text message to let me know if I should expect their kid.<|response|> You know what? Next year- RSVP for location information! I too am so sick of not being able to appropriately plan food, prizes etc due to lack of responses! Ugh!!! <|endoftext|>
58459	2	AITA for asking my friend to basically tell him stop asking me grammar questions I am currently residing in a country where English is not the main language. I have a friend here whose English is pretty weak and not as fluent as I am. Since his college days, I have been helping him proofread his English essays or helping him translate English emails since he has trouble understanding them. Even for his job applications, I basically re-wrote his entire cover letters because either the content was shitty or his sentences made no rhetorical sense. Over time, I became the go-to guy if he needed to send texts or write emails to other English-speaking friends or whatever. It was annoying but I did not mind helping out since it wasn't too difficult on my part. Recently, he really wanted this job in an multi-national corporation that required an adequate level of English fluency. I basically put him through a two-day boot camp of English interviews, grilling him with common questions that might pop up, and providing him with answers based on his experience and background. With everything said and done, he got the job. His interviewer praised his high level of fluency in English (considering where I am in, the level of English is sub-par), and mentioned to him that his strength in English was one of the reasons he was hired over the other candidates. I told him to practise English from now on and just work hard on his job. That was that, and he started working recently. Ever since he started working, he has been constantly messaging me asking whether this email he was sending was grammatically correct, or if he could phrase it a different way to make it sound better. I sympathized at first and thought that he was nervous at his new job. But it has started to become incredibly annoying as he calls me if I don't reply his texts quick enough. I work the same schedule as he does, and I need to work during my company time as well, instead of responding to this kind of stupid texts. Today, I told him to stop messaging over stupid grammar or linguistic questions. I told him I won't mind helping if it was for an important document or whatever (but even then I am quite sure it would be against his company policy to share sensitive details with an outsider like me), but not over stupid emails like "Sure, but I am busy next week, can we reschedule it to another day?". I gave him suggestions to use grammarly or some other grammar tools, but he said it was easier to ask me. So I told him I will not be responding to his texts for stupid ass grammar questions again. He said I was being an asshole. I don't think I am, and I think he just got too used to the fact that I was a nice guy for helping him out from a long time ago, but I just want to check.<|response|> NTA you're giving him alternatives and he's refusing cuz he thinks his texts are more important than your job. It's rude and you're totally justified in setting that boundary <|endoftext|>
87400	4	AITA for expecting people to use a landing pad? Okay - this one is not too serious, but I am genuinely interested in other people's opinions, because I want to know if it's just how I was raised or if it's common courtesy. My partner is quite afraid of germs. His mum said he used to cry when his hands got dirty. Because of this, I'm on cleaning duty for our bathrooms. I believe that when you take a poo, you don't leave poo stains. I avoid leaving such stains by putting down a landing pad - some toilet paper in the bowl for said poo to land on, thus eliminating the possibility of stains (unless it's a really bad one). My partner sometimes leaves stains, and because he's grossed out, he's reluctant to get in there with the toilet brush. I did tell him I think it's gross too, and that I'm not keen on cleaning up his poo, so could he please put down a landing pad in future. He looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language. But other people at our house who I have spoken to about the landing pad situation totally get it, as they always do this too. Am I the Asshole for expecting people to use a landing pad? Note: if you're from a country that doesn't flush their toilet paper but uses a bin instead, please consider that flushing paper in my country is normal before you comment.<|response|> I've never heard of a landing pad . . . that's BRILLIANT. But your NTA here. He can't have his cake (or in this case, poo) and eat it too. Either he accommodates your simple request, or he can start cleaning up his own shit. <|endoftext|>
4238	4	AITA for wanting to not associate with my ex, and getting upset at my friends for choosing her over me? So, my ex was abusive, emotionally, verbally. She threatened suicide to keep me in line, she kept forcing her way into my life and used the fact that one of my friends had actually killed themselves to make me paranoid she would do the same and it’d be my fault again. I cut her off a year ago. A couple months ago, some friends started hanging out with her without telling me. I said it made me uncomfortable especially because one of the friends was also abused by her and the other one watched me have constant break downs over my ex. They said that everyone deserved a second chance blah blah, I tried to accept it but that seething paranoia was back. It was destroying me again and I couldn’t take it and cut them off as well. Now two more friends are talking to all three of them and one even blocked me on insta cause she tags her in posts and doesn’t wanna hurt me or something. I think I’m the asshole because I keep making people choose. I don’t know. Should I learn to forgive her and let her back in so I can just be friends with everyone again? Was it even abuse to threaten suicide? These people don’t seem to agree. My friend said talking to her makes her happy and it breaks her heart to choose but I just feel sick even thinking about my ex. I don’t know. Help.<|response|> NTA. My partner was severely abused, both physically and emotionally, by his last girlfriend, and several of our college friends are still friends with her. They told us that she “says she’s sorry” (she’s not, she messaged him multiple times and told him that he deserved everything she did) and that it wasn’t as bad as he says it was, which is absolutely untrue. We just don’t associate with them anymore, because her presence is toxic. They’re also friends with my last ex, who was emotionally manipulative to all of us and left me a broken person through several years of a shit relationship. It’s not worth the emotional work to remain friends with these people if they don’t put in the work to maintain a friendship anyway. <|endoftext|>
180730	3	AITA My wife wants her friend (m) to stay with her for two weeks, and I disagree. My wife had a boyfriend long ago that she was intimate with. I have only met him once about a year and a half ago. He seemed like a cool dude, but I have only ever talked to him one night over dinner. They have stayed friends for a long time and they play a lot of video games together. She vents to him about a lot of stuff especially stuff about our marriage. Which is cool because she can have her friends, and needs people to talk to. He’s a marine and his Christmas leave is coming up. He told her that he has no one to go home to or spend his leave with. (I personally don’t believe this) However, I know how the military is and suicides are higher during holiday months. He wants to spend his two weeks of leave with my wife at our house. He’s out in NC and our place is down in FL. I am currently deployed overseas for a year. I’ve been out here about 8 months now, and won’t be back for another four. I work all the time and I hardly get to talk to her. Things have been getting rocky and rough between us. She doesn’t see the problem in this, and feels like I don’t trust her. He’s just a friend. I trust my wife but I don’t trust some guy in my house for two weeks. Her sister is also staying in the house with her during this time frame, but it still does not feel right. We got into an argument about it. Afterwards she ended up calling my mom and getting her to agree with her. Idk how much she told my mom about their past relationship, but now my mom thinks ITA... AITA?<|response|> NTA. Two weeks is way too long. Tell her you've reconnected with an old girlfriend and when you get home, that girlfriend will be coming to visit and staying for two weeks. <|endoftext|>
129921	2	AITA for asking for more money? High school friend asked me to watch her child( 1yr) for 2 days a week, 9 days total, and her older child(3yr) was also there 3 of the days. We didn’t actually decide on an amount to be paid. I usually just tell my friends give me what you can, I understand how hard it is sometimes and I don’t mind helping out. Well I had to listen to her douce bag husband brag about how well off they are and all that every morning when I got there (because I had to go there. Not even at my own house) and that was super annoying, but I figured they’d pay some what decent since they weren’t struggling. Payday finally comes. After the entire month. $100. And a $10 subway gift card. That’s just a tad bit more than $10 for a 9-5:30 day. Which I barely break even from because of gas to get to and from there. Would I be the asshole is I said something like “hey! Just doing my budget, wondering what day you were going to send the rest of the babysitting money over” or something like that? Or is it too late and what’s done is done? Thanks guys<|response|> NTA-I paid 180 a week for 1 kid in daycare. <|endoftext|>
86621	4	WIBTA if I told people I am currently emotionally unavailable to hear them out? I am under a lot of stress from work and studies, I am also trying to mange my personal life and in it I have friends and family come to me asking for help or just need to talk about something but I am unable to actually say anything back, my mind instantly goes into this train of thought "well what does it matter? you know how to solve the problem, your emotions are getting the better of you" and it really feels like this for most things, but it doesn't help them. I get really stressed now when people want to talk about their feelings because I have nothing to say and just don't want them to look at me for help. For better or worse I have decided that it's only fair not to speak with others about how I'm feeling. Would it be fair to tell people that I just don't have the time or emotional availability and space to hear them out?<|response|> NAH if you say it the right way. “I’m so sorry, Louise, but I’m actually going through an emotional time right now, and I don’t think I can give you the care that you deserve right now. I’m having a hard time focusing right now, and you deserve better.” <|endoftext|>
183724	5	WIBTA if I don't go to my husband's diabetes education sessions So, I (F53) am the primary cook. Hubby (M56) has never been one to enjoy vegetables, salads, more healthy foods in general. He loves carbs, processed meats, sweets etc. So, about 5 years ago he developed severe lactose intolerance that changed up the cooking. Then, the gall stones that lead to it's removal. He didn't change his diet after recovering from surgery. Then, the acute attack of pancreatitis. This lead to a 50% death of his pancreas and it's still not settled down months later. And now he's a type II diabetic. He's scheduled for 3 classes, each 2 hours long in the evenings. He says I'm welcome to attend and I know he wants me too. Here's the thing, he wouldn't if our places were reversed and I really, really want him to learn what he should eat. He's always relied on me for decisions liked these and I'm just so done! And, if he'd shown more care in the past he may not be dealing with all these issues now! So, WIBTA if I don't attend the session with him and let him tell me what he can eat instead of me making those decisions for him. Edit: thank you for all the responses. I've responded to several. He's really a good husband and freaking adores me. Our oldest son has been home from college so there has been lots of baking and treats. I didn't even try to make hubby anything because he was saying he couldn't eat this or that and the holidays are already exhausting for me. SO, last night he brought up some recipes on his phone, went to 3 different stores, found the needed ingredients, and MADE HIMSELF LOW CARB PANCAKES FOR BREAKFAST. No help from me. I really think I need to step back and have him tell me what he needs AND do my own research- thankful for the Net! I'm definitely the care taker in the family but suffering from serious burnout. When I put my foot down then stick to my guns, he eventually comes around and that's what I think needs to happen with his new diet realities. Thanks Reddit! You're a thoughtful community.<|response|> NTA. My mom’s co worker’s husband had severe sleep apnea and relied on his wife to wake him when he stopped breathing, every hour or so. He refused to get a CPAP or take any preventative measures to counter his condition. Eventually she didn’t wake up ONE TIME to wake him up and he suffocated. That’s too heavy of a burden for one person. It’s irresponsible to make someone else in be charge of your life. <|endoftext|>
75181	3	AITA for yelling at a Special Needs kid in Dance Class? Repost due to word count. This is something that happened years ago, but something came up recently that triggered the memory. And I need to know once and for all if I was the asshole in this situation. For some backstory, in my high school you had to take some kind of phys ed class (P.E., dance, join a sports team, or substitute it with another independent sport). Since the school wouldn't give their approval for me to substitute P.E. with a sport I was competing in at the time, I ended up in Dance class. I really, really hated Dance class. To this day, I am as coordinated as a giraffe on skates so this course was a disaster for me. It was a popular class, so the class was oversized and crammed inside a classroom that was too small to contain everyone. It was also a mixed class in that special needs students would be taking it as well. One of the special needs kids who took the class was Bonnie. Bonnie had some kind of developmental disorder, so mentally she was six and not sixteen. She also had this habit of laughing at really inappropriate times, like when a teacher was discussing something or at someone because they tripped and fell in the hallway in between classes. Her aid tried to show Bonnie that it wasn't appropriate to laugh when someone fell down, but it still went on. There was another girl, Mel, who also took the class and had the reputation for being very trashy. She honestly looked like Snookie from Jersey Shore but with a darker tan, and she had these very long acrylic nails that were shaped into points and studded with rhinestones. A couple of girls have been raked by her nails whenever we were performing a routine, and while she was told to do something about her nails, Mel would brush off the complaints. One day, we were practicing a dance routine. It involved being in a crouching position, and swinging your arm and your body from the front to the back before standing up. Mel was in front of me and Bonnie was in another row. When it was her time to do the maneuver, Mel swung her arm and ended up smacking me in the face. Her nails and the glittery crap that adorned them scratched my eyeball and I started to panic. I am deathly terrified of anything to do with eye trauma. I can't watch movies or TV shows where a character injures their eye or looses their eye. For example, whenever I watch 'The Dark Knight', I always have to skip the pencil scene. So, I'm howling in pain. My eye is killing me. And that's when I hear Bonnie laughing off to the side. I screamed, "this isn't fucking funny, Bonnie!" before storming out of the classroom. A friend of mine in that class later told me that as soon as I left, Bonnie started crying and<|response|> NTA. In my opinion it would be discriminatory of you didnt yell because you would be not doing something to them that youd do to anyone else <|endoftext|>
189612	2	WIBTA If I went home because my girlfriend is sleeping? I came over to her house around 5pm and we watched a movie. She fell asleep about 10 mins into it. Every now and then she’ll wake up and say random stuff and fall back asleep, it’s almost 9pm now and she’s been awake for maybe 30 mins. I have to leave at 10 because of curfew but that just means I’ll sit here in silence for another hour, if I go now she’ll most likely be upset that I’m leaving but it’s been 3 hours now since she’s actively communicated with me Should I stay or should I go now? UPDATE: I followed some of your advice and decided to let her know I was leaving and she woke up and got upset and said I didn’t want to spend time with her and that I didn’t even let her talk about her day and I didn’t fight it because I didn’t feel like putting up an argument so I let it go and am now leaving her house at 10 becaus I have too<|response|> Why would she be upset if you left? <|endoftext|>
76414	5	AITA for ghosting my best friend and his ex girlfriend after their messy breakup? First Reddit post so here goes nothing! To make a long story short, I helped my absolute best friend in the world get through a tough breakup with his now ex-girlfriend. She was extremely toxic, my girlfriend and I both knew that, with my GF being friends with her for years upon years and receiving much of the toxic behavior firsthand. So basically, I had invested copious amounts of time to get him through this breakup, with my girlfriend helping her friend out on the other end. This whole process took about 2-3 weeks, with it ending up him secretly sleeping with his ex, trying to purposely keep it from me, and then promising it was a mistake, only to then talk shit about me to his ex while they were secretly spending time together. I found all this out from my GF, who was being told all this information from his ex directly. After finding out about him talking bad about me, and realizing how much time I wasted, I decided to block them both, not talking to them at all. I almost feel bad after sitting on this decision for a year, as I feel it might have been a little harsh for my BFFF. I stand by my decision, but I want to know what you think. Was my decision justified?<|response|> NTA, it's shitty that he talked crap about you and let her toxic attitude/negativity influence his treatment of you. But also, you know first hand that your friend is in a toxic, potentially abusive, relationship (don't know the full extent of the toxicity) and his decision to leave has to be his own. I get you trying to help him leave/make a plan, and also the whole concept of "wasted time" but i would encourage you not to think of it that way. You tried to support him, I'm sure his girlfriend ensured isolating him from you was the best means of continuing their partnership because you were playing such an active role in him attempting to end it. You want his best interest, but it sounds like they're displaying codependent mentalities and people in that situation often aren't thinking about best interest. It's about what is comfortable, familiar, and what they've learned to rely on. Not to say you can save him from that - you can't. You don't have to feel bad. But if it would make you feel better, you can alwayd let him know you still support/care about him despite the distance. And then, if he ever does decide to leave her permanently on his own, that might help with some closure. Your decision was justified, and you supporting him can happen from far away if he never does move on. <|endoftext|>
140642	5	AITA for planning something on my girlfriend’s birthday without realizing it, even if I immediately cancelled when I did? Okay, so set the stage. About two weeks ago, some of my college friends and I found out that we were all going to be in town on the same day. We hadn’t seen each other in two months, and wouldn’t be able to for another two. One of us said “hey, would you guys like to meet up two fridays from now?” Of course, I said yes. A few days ago, it clicked. I hadn’t actually looked on the calendar, but two fridays from them is June 28th: my girlfriend’s birthday. Now, I’m in a long-distance relationship, so we couldn’t be together physically, but we could still call each other and hang out online. Once I realized this, I immediately texted my friends and told them I had to cancel, which they took well. However, my girlfriend found out, and she has been very bitter that I planned something on her birthday ever since. I’ve done everything I can to make it up to her: bought her some presents, spent even more time with her, and asked her what I could do, and yet she still is angry at me despite everything. I just didn’t realize two weeks ahead of time that Friday was the 28th, and I cancelled the moment I did... even still... AITA?<|response|> NTA. Lmao I don’t know the date two Wednesday’s from now off the top of my head, do you? You don’t have to cross check a calendar, and you and your friends have a solid plan. Honestly, it sounds like your significant other is being petty. That being said, I did long (EDIT: long distance) relationship in college for 4 years that is still continuing, and birthdays can be hard if it is something you’re excited about. Perhaps she is displacing emotion. I, 26 M, cried one birthday when I was alone because I missed her. Good luck my friend. <|endoftext|>
153284	5	AITA for ignoring a tourist who asks for directions in Chinese while I’m on a call I am a college student from China studying in NYC. Earlier today, I was on a call speaking to my cr Edit: Make no mistake: I have no problem at all with being identified as a Chinese. I would not be any more or less confused at the moment / upset afterwards if she had asked in Korean or Japanese. I just find it somewhat rude to ask help from someone in a foreign country in a language that’s not spoken in that country, without starting it off by at least some confirmation that he/she indeed speaks that language. I.e. even if she couldn’t even say “Chinese?” in English, she could have asked whether I am Chinese, in Chinese, before proceeding to the questions. Additional info: The phone call was time-sensitive and would not end anytime soon. She and I were walking in different directions. It was in a neighborhood where a significant population (but nowhere near dominant) speak Chinese, so she could’ve easily found someone else to help her (and probably she did afterwards). It was around 6PM.<|response|> INFO: So.. this is going to be iffy territory, and I'll probably look like a jerk, but.. It depends largely on what you think of as your moral obligation to help other people. Personally, I think that if you *can* help someone, and it *costs you nothing or costs you very little*, you should make a reasonable effort to help. With that being the case, was the call to your CC company time-sensitive or of a particularly dire nature? If not, then, while you are not technically obligated to assist someone else in need of directions, you would be the asshole, IMO, as it would not cost you anything but a bit of time to call your CC company back later. <|endoftext|>
191037	3	AITA for wanting my friends to be sober for DnD? (mobile, sorry) tl;dr I live across the country from my group of friends who started to drink alcohol during sessions, and it's ruining the game. I play DnD with four of my friends. One DMs, and the other three + me are players. We are deep into a very long and interesting campaign that DM has worked super hard on, including worldbuilding, homebrew spells, and an intense amount of lore and history. It's very fun and I love it a lot. My problem is, we used to play in person. We liked to bring lots of food, play for a few hours, then get drunk/high together and watch tv. It was a whole weekend-long thing. I never drank (I don't like the smell or taste and I get sick easily) but I would get high after with them and it was still fun. They would drink some alcohol during the game but usually only hard cider or lemonade, as a precursor to getting actually drunk After the game. Last year, I moved across the country. We're able to play the game still through online voice chats, but they have to send me pictures of the maps and things. It made the game harder but not impossible. Lately, I noticed they're drinking more during the game. I can hear them preparing before we start, and they mention the vodka in the freezer or who wants to mix it. My friends do NOT have high tolerances. The DM does, but he waits until after. My other three friends (one is a little scatterbrained, one is very loud when she's sober, and her boyfriend who is usually silly) get drunk at the snap of a finger. This makes the game nearly Impossible. They're loud, off-topic, and always confused with what I want to do. Last session, I meant to save a group of children, but because they weren't listening, they thought I went into the wrong building. We went for hours before they realized. It impacted the story heavily. AITA for wanting them to stay sober until after the game? I don't care if they drink like fish afterward, but when they're all drunk, it's incredibly frustrating to play with them. I don't ever like to tell people how to control themselves, but they're ruining the game for me.<|response|> NAH. You’re free to tell them you’d prefer if they didn’t drink while playing; they are free to tell you they they are drinking and you can quit if you don’t want to deal with it. <|endoftext|>
47862	2	AITA for not wanting dirty SO on our bed? My SO got home from working outside in 95 degree heat, so he obviously was sweating all day. He went right in the bedroom onto the freshly cleaned linens, and climbed in between the sheets. I made a comment to him about how inconsiderate that was, and he just yelled at me, stomped off and slammed the bathroom door behind him. Is it not common sense that if you're dirty AF to jump in the shower before crawling into a clean bed? Edit: Just to clear things up, I did initially ask him nicely to not lay on the bed since I had just washed the sheets. He responded by laughing at me and calling me ridiculous, which is when I called him inconsiderate Also, yes I do have a job for all of those asking. I work 12- 14 hour shifts, so I understand feeling exhausted, but I still shower afterward, before getting in bed.<|response|> NTA That's just basic hygiene and common courtesy. <|endoftext|>
69516	2	WIBTA for switching departments before returning from maternity leave? First time poster, so forgive me if I don’t do this right. Okay, so where I live you get a year of Maternity leave and upon return are guaranteed employment for 6 months after in either your original job or one of similar nature and compensation. Normally the assumption is that you come back to your same job, and that’s certainly the impression I gave my boss with when I left. However, three days before my leave started, I had an “performance evaluation” with my boss. Keep in mind I’m super pregnant at this point and have been busting my tail to close all my active projects before I go. Which she had praised me for literally the day before. In this performance evaluation my boss suddenly after 8 years of great reviews and corresponding raises, tells me that I’m an undesirable employee. The reason I’m undesirable is that I don’t work overtime every evening for no apparent reason. Meaning she wanted me to work extra hours even if there is no looming deadlines or projects in danger. She just wants me to work extra. I’ve always put in the extra time to make sure all projects were completed, a fact I can easily verify, since she makes us log all of our overtime in an excel sheet she has access to. I told her I can’t be working from 8am to 8pm (yes! She wanted 12 hour days!), because I have to get my other child from daycare and I just didn’t see the point to be there extra time if there was no extra work to do. She also told me that I might not have a job when I get back and that I should “have a plan b”. At that point I left the room in tears, because you know, hormones. I then contacted HR and told them that she essentially threatened to fire me while on leave, which in my country is illegal. We then had another meeting with HR present and of course she denied everything. I was super pissed, but stayed professional. However I decided (in my mind) that I was done working for this woman and needed out. My “plan b” would become my plan a. She’s done other things over the years (ie promising a promotion but never giving it, becoming the time police), but this is the last straw for me. Thanks for hanging in there, now here’s the AITA part. My boss insisted I take my work laptop home with me, so I still have access to the internal job site and can look at postings. I could most likely get a job in a different department for when I return. If I do that, it really leaves my department screwed. I’m pretty awesome at my job, and I’ve been answering questions for them even while on leave. If I leave permanently it will really affect my department negatively. There is a major project being delayed until I return to handle it.<|response|> NTA, if your colleagues can’t handle a major project on their own, why do they even have the job in the first place? <|endoftext|>
18144	4	AITA for getting annoyed at my bf for treating my venting like an opening to a debate? Edit: thanks so much for all your comments and advice. It’s actually quite hard to stay annoyed after reading all your thoughts on this. Much love! This is not a fundamental one, just something that I could use a level-headed perspective on. My bf and I listen to political podcasts frequently. Eventhough we agree on most big topics, there are some things we see differently and we have discussed them fiercely but lovingly in the past. He is a little more on the right, while i am a little more on the left. Now there was a podcast that really hit a nerve with me and upset me, because I found it callous and racist. I texted my bf quotes from the interview and told him why they upset me so much. He then proceeded to take the counterposition and to explain to me why he actually agreed with some of the speaker’s points. I told him that i was not in the mood for a discussion and that he should let one go every once in a while and just be my supporting and understanding boyfriend. He then ended the conversation by stating that if I didnt want his opinion, I shouldnt have texted him the quotes. AITA for expecting him to feel the room and leave aside the political quarreling? Not everything needs to be a debate. One of the reasons why I love him is precisely that he is opinionated and well-spoken. I wouldnt want him to ever have to compromise or betray his political beliefs, which are part of his identity. AITA to ask him to write/say something nice and not to take a position/counterposition? Dont get me wrong, I dont want him agreeing with me. It would just be nice if he acknowledged that I was upset and not treat the conversation like a debate. Am I being too sensitive here?<|response|> NAH -- Let me introduce you to the greatest thing for relationships since separate blankets: The Venting Advisory. Before you vent, you gotta put a little disclaimer at the top "Venting Advisory. I don't want to debate or get advice or do anything but get this off my chest and possibly be told that everyone else in the history of the world is always wrong except for me. This has been your Venting Advisory" As long as you keep the Advisory lighthearted and pick your battles (you can't blow someone's phone up every day just to vent if that's not what the other person's into) it works wonders. By saying what you're looking for at the very beginning, you're setting everyone up for success, so you can save the fights and the debates for things that you actually want to go to the mat about. <|endoftext|>
87073	2	AITA for being angry at my husband for not revealing our friend was cheating I am in a bit of a dilemma. Last night my husband and I went over to our god parent’s house. “G” was not home from work when we arrived. In that time my husband and I talked to “M” where she confided in us that “G” had an emotional affair and that it really hurt her. As soon as she said that my mind jumped to a memory of 2018 where I saw her husband in a car with another female. \[I told M as soon as I saw the car to ask if it was her in the car and she said it was not and that G was working that morning……I didn’t push further because I had no solid proof \[pics etc.\] When I asked M detail of the emotional affair, she said G never met the other female but they had been texting and sexting for a month and calling each other baby. When I asked for a timeline she mentioned it being almost a year ago… \[almost around the time I saw her man with another female\]. My husband sat there and pretended this was the first time he’s ever head of it and he couldn’t believe what M was saying…. Well fast forward to the night M told G that she had told us about the affair and he attempted to justify it by saying M wasn’t satisfying emotionally. I shut that shit down real quick and told him not to shift blame because he was the one who fucked up. Anyways my husband goes to the bathroom and G proceeded to say he had told my husband about all this months ago. My mind instantly went WTF? M asked me to ask my husband what he knew so as soon as we got into our car I asked him what he knew and he said, “first of all the story he told us tonight is not what he told me” to which in return I asked then what did he tell you?? And my husband said he wasn’t going to tell me because it doesn’t concern me. I got irritated and told him no but it does concern my two nephews and their mom and I know she’d like to know if she was cheated to or not and he did not say a peep. This angered me because I tell my husband absolutely everything. There isn’t a secret I keep from him because any time I go out he always ask me for a 5 page paragraph on what I talked about. I felt it was unfair that I tell him everything, but he couldn’t do the same. I am even more angry because he went out of the country alone for almost a month. I am trying to trust him but if he can keep a secret of our closest friends getting cheated on then he can surly keep his mouth shut on anything he did. It definitely made<|response|> This is why you don't tell people about affairs. If you're gonna have an affair, for ffs, don't drag your friends into it. The only thing husband can do in this situation is keep his mouth shut. ESH <|endoftext|>
106005	4	AITA for doing this, even though we were undefined? Long story short, my ex boyfriend (C) broke up with me 2.5 months ago. We stopped talking and cut each other out of our lives and sort of moved on; he started sleeping with a random tinder girl, and I started hanging out with/sleeping with one of my work friends (J), who I’ve known for 2 years, actually a bit longer than I’ve known my ex. Me and J started sleeping together and I told him at the beginning that I didn’t want to date or catch feelings because we weren’t compatible and I didn’t want that and neither of us were completely over our exes. So it was just sex at first, but then we started hanging out and doing homework and watching movies and hanging out with my roommate. He would sleep over almost every night, with sex maybe 1-2 nights of of the week. Needless to say, we both started catching feelings. I pushed mine down as best as I could because I knew he didn’t want anything like that, and I didn’t think I could fall for someone again. He never outright said “hey I like you and I want to date you” but he would say that he liked me and would give me compliments and basically do all the boyfriend things without any expectation of dating. Halloween rolls around, and I’m invited to a party at my friend K’s place, and my ex was invited too. I ignored him for the first hour and then got really drunk and talked to him, and it was good. We talked about a lot of big things in our lives and how we did miss each other, and then he was kind enough to hold my hair back when I threw up later. After rinsing my mouth out and all, we talked in the bathroom and basically ended up making out. He walked me home, tucked me into bed, and stayed because I asked him to. So we slept in the same bed, no big deal. Then the next morning, we had sex. Sober. Yeah. Mutually agreed upon. That next night, I went with J to a friend’s party, and we were hanging out and he asked me how the previous night’s party with C had been. I told him it was okay at first, and then later in the night I told him what had happened. Needless to say, he was furious, told me this was over, and that he didn’t want to speak to me again and stormed out. He proceeded to block me on all social media. I talked with C two days after all of this happened, admitting everything that I had told J and all of that, and C comforted me and held me and gave me good advice. Then he kissed me, as in he initiated it and wanted it. I told him we needed to talk about all that had happened but we haven’t yet. And then tonight I saw J at another<|response|> NTA for telling J what happened but since you knew he had feelings for you, it was probably not a good idea. I would've spent more time figuring out what you wanted (C or J) and then announce it to them without mentioning having had sex with either (none of their business who you have sex with). NTA for wanting to get back with C. But he did dump you once and he might do it again and this time J won't be there to help you through it. NTA for cornering J but maybe just not the time to do that. Could've texted him saying you are sorry and etc etc and then it's up to J to process his feelings <|endoftext|>
9824	2	AITA for this chat roulette faux pas? Many years ago when chat roulette came out, I decided to give it a go. I didn't put my webcam on, just did the chat. After a couple of dicks, literally, I was paired with a young man and his friend. We started chatting and I asked if he was in college. He replied, "I'm a fisherman." I misread his statement as "I'm a freshman." I replied, "What's your major?" Then I see the look on his face as he read. His expression was confusion then anger. And POOF, he was gone. If you've never been on chat roulette, there's no way to reconnect with someone. After he left the chat, I realized my mistake and I still feel awful about it all these years later. Am I the asshole?<|response|> No but he may have thought you were a bot or a catfisher lol and he was a fisherman <|endoftext|>
138960	3	WIBTA if I don't bring any food to a forced work potluck (it's during a meeting) My boss decided that next week at our weekly lab meeting we will have a lunch potluck during the meeting. I do not eat lunch except for a low-sugar yogurt because I am on a specific eating schedule. I would not eat any of the food that people bring. WIBTA if I don't bring any food for the others anyway?<|response|> NAH - If you bring your own food and don’t eat the other food that was brought should be no problem especially if you have dietary restrictions. Were you assigned to bring anything though or is it just bring whatever ? <|endoftext|>
162959	3	AITA for inadvertently embarrassing this guy's gf? This happened a couple years ago when a sort-of friend of mine (I was close to his roommates) was dating this girl who was an instagram influencer. Companies would sponsor her to travel, so after she got back from a trip to Thailand, she was hanging out with us and telling us about it. She kept talking about how she went to this elephant "sanctuary" and how cool it was to ride the elephants and watch the elephant shows. I'm a huge animal lover so I told her that those places actually abuse elephants with bullhooks to train them and riding elephants is a form of abuse as their bone structure is not built for that and it's very painful for them. She cut me off by saying "I know, I know" and then the topic of conversation changed. A while later she started talking about it again, so I tried to tell her about how harmful this practice is and she cut me off again, this time she was a lot more annoyed. Later, my sort-of friend told me I was being really rude and embarrassing her by bringing that up. I told him that she has a lot of followers on instagram so she shouldn't be posting about stuff like this (she had posted a picture of her riding an elephant which I didn't know until later as I don't follow her) because it would influence people to do the same thing when they visit Thailand and it's essentially perpetuating a cycle of abuse. I also told him that most people are grateful to find out about this kind of stuff as they don't participate in it with malicious intent but rather ignorance and once they find out they are actually contributing to the abuse of these elephants, they don't want to go on elephant rides or give money to places which abuse elephants. He wasn't happy about that and told me to mind my own business. AITA?<|response|> NTA Like you said it's fine if you didn't know. If you know and choose to ignore it that makes you a complete ass <|endoftext|>
775	5	AITA for getting mad at my parents for my dads drinking problem? I'm mad at my mother because, (without going into detail) I feel she enables the problem. I'm mad at my dad because he's destroying himself. I think he's selfish for it. I can't even address the problem without him snapping and getting in a mood I am angry and it's so noticeable to my family members, but I can't admit why I'm angry because it'll turn into an argument<|response|> "Alcoholism is the only disease you can get yelled at for having. 'Damnit, Paul, you're an alcoholic.' 'Damnit, Paul, you've got lupus.' One of these does not sound right." (paraphrased poorly from Mitch Hedberg) Just to give a different perspective from the answers already here: I wouldn't say you're an asshole, I do think it's understandable, but in general I think that attitude comes off as maybe a bit naive. People don't become alcoholics or enablers in a vacuum. Where did they come from, how did they get to this point? Are you sure you know the whole story? Have you been through similar things and handled it with enough grace that you feel comfortable looking down on people that went through it and failed? Do you know the pull of addiction? Do you know it well enough, and think it's an easy enough problem to avoid that you would fault people that succumb to it? I'm not making any assumptions or shifting any blame, I'm just laying out the kinds of questions that would need to be answered before you could really justify anger as a continued emotion. <|endoftext|>
121266	3	AITA for wanting girlfriend to block her friend? So my (18M) girlfriend(26F) and I are in a LDR and have been together for 11 months. We met in a game and will be meeting up in about a week actually. So my gf was playing a game became friends with this guy online, i have no problem with her having guy friends, i trust her. However, I want her to block this guy because when she was playing this game with a few friends, the guy asked her to make a promise that if we broke up they would get together. I was, annoyed, to say the least. My gf accepted only because the guy said if she didnt make the promise hed end himself. My other friends were there and testified to this. So, of course, i dont want her talking to this guy. I have no doubt in my mind that he was lying and that he was just saying that to manipulate her. When i asked my gf to do that, she said she wanted to but didnt want to hear later that he died. She ended up blocking him everywhere cus not only I but my other friends convinced her that she should not associater herself with someone like that. Afterwards i felt a bit bad cus it seemed i was just a jealous and controlling boyfriend. So AITA for asking her to do that?<|response|> NTA - You're not jealous and controlling, you don't want your girlfriend to be manipulated by a creep online. That's a completely different story. <|endoftext|>
77993	4	WIBTA if I stop paying for my daughter’s college expenses if she gets cosmetic surgery? I’ve been a single mother of two kids for seven years now. My daughter is in her third year of college and my son is a senior in high school. I promised them that I would financially support them fully through college, and after that, they’re on their own. My daughter called me up yesterday to tell me that she plans on getting a breast augmentation surgery. Her first consultation is in two weeks. She plans to pay for it with the money she has saved up through the allowances I have continually given her since she was in elementary school. She has never held a part-time job before. I tell her that her priority should be focusing on her education to start a good career when she graduates. The boob job can wait. If she goes through with it, I would stop paying for her tuition, rent, and cut off her monthly allowance. She gets upset and complains about getting her small boobs from me. She goes on to say that she expected I of all people would support her decision, knowing firsthand the drawbacks of being small-chested. I tell her that it really isn’t that huge of an issue. It might seem like one when you’re younger, but it really isn’t at all in the big picture. I tell her my decision was final and that she should reconsider the necessity of a boob job at this point in her life. WITBA if I stopped paying for her college expenses if she goes through with it? Also AITA for how I handled the conversation?<|response|> NTA. Your daughter sounds entitled and so does everyone calling you an asshole. You said you would pay for her education with your hard earned money and she uses the rest of the money you gave her thinking she would use it wisely on an unnecessary cosmetic procedure. Your daughter takes you and your money for granted. You shouldnt stop paying for her education but you should cut her down to where she needs to start earning some of her income to get by because im sure you still give her an allowance in addition to paying all her expenses. Edit: OP it sounds like the majority of people saying NTA are young students in college or younger people that relate to her. For that reason, it seems like its a biased place to obtain a legitimate opinion from. <|endoftext|>
99926	3	AITA for telling the girl thats interested in my buddy that the reason he doesn't talk to her is because he's shy ? [NOT A NATIVE SPEAKER] So the situation is this: A buddy of mine told me a girl always stares at him durring lunch break in school and he thought she was cute. One day the friend of the girl came to us and asked him what his name is and then went to the girl my friend is interested in, so at this point it was pretty clear she was interested too. At the moment i was so exicted for him when friends of us came i told them what happened (i know this was a d*ck-move because only i knew until then but i appologised for that) One morning he told he was going to ask her for her number but when the time came to ask he got scarred but for the rest of the day me and the others pushed him to start talking with her. The next day i finally convinced him and he finally asked her. They started chating and they both said they will be going ice skating and they told each other when they are going to be there etc. Planing to hang out and tqlk a little. Then after he was ice skating he told me he didnt talk to her because he was there with a friend and so was she and she just looked at him the whole time and it would have been mean to just let his friend alone but for me this sounded like excuses to not talk with her. (Maybe im overreacting but i seltenly facepalmed that hard in my life) So today i went to the girl and said told her that he is just very shy and though he would really really like to talk to her he just doesnt know how to start the conversation and asked her if she would like to just come sit with us durring lunch break the next days so they could start talking. Well she told him about that and now he is furrious and i kind of understand why he feels like that because i guess to him it feels like i broke his trust but i had good intensions and now im just wondering: Am i the asshole or is he maybe just overeacting ?<|response|> NAH Tbh the girl seems like the problem, but I don't think she meant harm. She shouldn't have told the friend what you told her. It shouldn't have come up in conversation. This whole situation sounds pretty stupid and childish though. <|endoftext|>
125612	4	AITA For trying to help a Mother with a crying baby? I (30M) was at Aldi yesterday while on my lunch break. For those that don’t know, Aldi is a discount grocery store where you have to pack all your groceries after you buy them, the clerk does NOT pack them in bags for you (this is an important detail). Walking through the aisles, I noticed a woman about my age wearing a 3mo baby, with a 3yo little girl by her side. I took notice because those are the approximate age of my own two daughters. As we make our way through the store, the baby is becoming increasingly fussy. She obviously needs to be nursed, but I guess the mother wanted to finish her shopping first. We make our way to the checkout counter at the same time, and she is in front of me (Aldi seems to only ever have one counter opened at a time). By the time she is done paying, the baby is full on red-faced screaming. You can hear her all over the store. As a parent, I’m used to screaming children, and having a newborn of my own I also understand that babies get very upset when they’re hungry. The mother is quickly trying to shove all of her food (she had a full cart) into bags, all while shushing a screaming baby, telling her 3yo to stop complaining, and having several other customers annoyed and staring daggers at her. For the record, I was not annoyed with her, but I could empathize with her. After I bagged my own groceries, I went up to her and offered her help to bag her groceries and carry them out to her car. I was genuinely trying to be helpful. Her reply was a terse “No thank you, I have it handled.” I think I smiled and said something like “Oh OK, my wife is at home with our two girls that same age so I know how it is.” I walked away feeling like I may have irritated her with the question. Later that evening I told my wife about the encounter and she said that it may have come across as rude. Like I was trying to pack up her shit to usher her out, because I was annoyed by the baby. I thought I was just trying to be nice to a fellow parent, but I may be wrong. My wife thinks IATA, what about you reddit?<|response|> NAH You’re not an asshole for trying to help, but she has the right to refuse it, too. She probably just wasn’t in a good mood so don’t take it personally. If she misinterpreted your good intent that’s not really on you, contrary to what your wife says. <|endoftext|>
148462	3	AITA for not reading my acquaintance's book? Some background: I'm a hobby writer and regularly participate in writing events where I also met my acquaintance. We were never best friends, but we got along quite nicely at first, even though I started getting strange vibes from her a while back. About a year ago, she mentioned that she was writing this huge project and I expressed some interest in reading it. At that point, the story was already over 600k words long, which is why I had a hard time getting around to reading in. Over the course of this year, we sometimes got back to her story and I always had to admit I hadn't read it yet. By now her story is almost at 1M words and is technically a book series, which would take me probably 2-3 days straight to read, no sleep or breaks. I messaged her a couple days ago to ask her opinion about a book I was considering buying that she'd read. It's about 400 pages so something I can comfortably read in about 10h. She recommended the book and I bought it. Then I mentioned that I was planning on reading it on a train ride that would take me about 12h. She got very upset and said that "this is the kind of thing that one should reconsider saying, especially if one has promised to read someone else's book for a long time". (I had only expressed interest at first and never thought I'd actually promised to read it immediately, but this might be a misunderstanding) I understood immediately that this was a jab at me for not reading her book yet. Attempting to keep it light, I said, I could download her story as well and start reading it. She replied that she now sees that me wanting to read something only means that I find the thought of reading it entertaining but never actually plan on reading it and that she will take this into consideration when judging everything else I've ever told her. I pointed out that it also took me a year to read the story of a mutual friend (150k words, took me one night. this friend never pressured me to read the story) and she replied that she didn't care. I apologized for not reading it so far and left it at that. She added another jab about applying this to my overall character from now on, but I didn't reply. Some things I failed to mention to her because she didn't even give me any space to say it: (1) I hadn't read anything online for a long time because college was very stressful. (2) I would be in a country without wifi during some of the trip and wanted the printed book so I had something to do that didn't require an internet connection. (3) I really planned on reading her book, but I wanted to really take my time with it since it was so long and I didn't want to have to stop<|response|> YTA, for giving her mixed signals. You need to make up your mind. Will you read her book or not. You keep telling her that you will start soon but you never do. <|endoftext|>
53012	3	AITA for chickening out of a water slide? My boyfriend’s dad had a church event at the local water park, and he invited me to go with him and my boyfriend (Matt). So Matt and I wandered off to do our own thing. We went and hung out in the wave pool, then floated down the lazy river, and the whole time he was trying to convince me to go down at least one of those big water slides. There was a set of 5 slides and each one was a different speed. The slowest one was pretty simple looking and Matt all but begged me to go down it with him. I warned him and told him that I might end up not being able to do it because I have horrible anxiety and the slide was pretty high up off the ground. We went and stood in line and the whole time, my heart was pounding. I kept telling myself that I wouldn’t die on it, but I was super nervous anyway. So we climbed all the way up the stairs and I got a chance to look at it from the top. I kept saying “I don’t think I can do this” over and over and Matt kept assuring me that I’d be fine. The people behind me were encouraging me too. I sat down in the tube at the entrance to the slide, and that’s when someone in another slide screamed super loud. Like a terrifying, blood-curdling scream. I immediately noped the fuck out and got out of the slide, then rushed down the stairs, my poor boyfriend following behind me. I was super shaken up and it took a while for the adrenaline to wear off. I apologized to Matt over and over and he insisted that he wasn’t mad at me, just a little disappointed that we didn’t actually do it. Matt is usually overly chill about these things but he seemed more upset than normal, even if he wasn’t voicing it outwardly. I just feel like kind of a party pooper. He and his dad ended up going down a much faster slide while I sat by and watched, so in the end he did get to ride something. He keeps insisting that he did have a good time despite my little attack, but I just feel so bad. AITA? TL;DR: sat in a water slide and then panicked and got out at the last minute, disappointing my boyfriend.<|response|> NAH. You didn’t freak out on purpose. If you have anxiety, you can’t control that. If he says he isn’t mad, let it go. <|endoftext|>
14016	4	AITA for Firing My Hair Stylist? I have been going to the same hair stylist for about three years now. I LOVE the salon, but the owner who did my hair for my wedding is usually booked up for months. I had another lady I really liked for a few years, but she moved, so I got my current stylist. I do like her, but I am pretty low maintenance and I don't expect much. I have really long hair, and I just go in for a trim every few months. I am always on time or early, and I always tip 20%. My stylist doesn't really treat me like a priority client. Sure, she does what I ask, but she will answer texts, get super distracted, etc. during my cut. At my last appointment a few months ago, I made an early December appointment, but about a month before that appointment, I realized I had made another appoint that would clash. I immediately text her to reschedule. She was fine with that and moved me to yesterday. I thought it was weird that I didn't get a notification my appointment was changed, but I assumed she put it in her calendar. I text her on Monday night to make sure we were still on for Friday, and she said yes. Yesterday she texts me at 3:30 p.m. (my appointment was at 4) asking if I can come in at 5 instead. I had a party to go to, so it was impossible to make that. She then says she's backed up and would be able to do a dry cut but no washing or styling. Mind you, there was no apology or anything like that; her message was very terse. I said I'd rather just cancel because I hadn't washed my hair in days as I thought I'd be getting it done at the salon and want the full thing when I go in. She said she would text me back immediately after her appointments and reschedule. She never did. I text her this morning asking when we can schedule, and I am still waiting for a reply hours later. AITA for firing her and going to another salon? This was just a one-time thing, but I feel like her reaction to the situation says a lot about how she values me as a client.<|response|> NTA. I had a hairstylist (who I had gone to for several years) go flaky on me - taking a day off, booking someone else in my time slot, stuff like that. She sort of became a local "rising star" in the salon world and decided I was not of sufficient status to be her client anymore and after this happened twice I knew it wasn't accidental. I found a new stylist and never looked back; the world is full of people who cut hair. <|endoftext|>
74572	2	AITA For getting angry at my D&D GM for having a problem with Black elves? Okay, so this may seem like a rather petty/small situation compared to some of the stuff that you find here, but here goes. So I'm a big fan of Dungeons and Dragons and other tabletop games, and I've been playing it with the friend of mine who introduced me to the game about a year ago. My friend is a really good GM, but tends to get rather sensitive when it comes to matters of concepts from Germanic folklore, as she comes from a Scandinavian background herself and considers Norse mythology a big part of her cultural heritage. Adaptations that aren't faithful to the original mythology usually don't sit well with her. It seems as though elves also count as one of those things. Long story short, as a Black person, I tend to make characters that are also Black/dark skinned. She never had much of a problem with any of my Black humans, but for one of her games, I wanted to make a high elf (not Drow), who just happened to be brown, and the first thing GM-Friend said in respnse was: "Do you have an explanation in mind as to why she's so dark-skinned?" I didn't really think I need to 'explain' my elf's skin color... But apparently, the idea of a dark-skinned high elf bothered her for some reason. She even suggested that if I wanted to make a Black elf I'd be better of playing a Grugach (A type of savage jungle elf) or just going with a Drow... Which... Again, I didn't want to do 'cause I didn't want to 'cause that just wasn't how I envisioned the character. Either way, that whole exchange made things extremely awkward, so I just went and made a completely different character instead to avoid any further controversy. It still kind of irks me that this happened though when I look back, even though the situation never got heated or anything. So, am I an asshole for butchering someone's cultural folklore, or is my friend just being too sensitive about it?<|response|> From a D&D perspective there is absolutely no reason not to have a dark-skinned high elf. Unlike creatures like dragonborn, the color of their skin means nothing. Drow aren't "black" the same way humans are, they're jet black colored (or gray) with varying shades of blue. NTA. <|endoftext|>
129608	4	AITA for going on holiday with my ex despite my boyfriend asking me not to? So abit of background, ive been dating my boyfriend for around 3 months now. My ex and i broke up about a year ago and we both have new relationships, but we also have a 4 year old daughter together. Around 5 months before we broke up we booked a holiday to gran canaria with out daughter for 1 week, this holiday is supposed to happen next month and is paid for and non refundable. Our daughter is very excited about it. Our break up was clean and we decided we’d still go on holiday but we will take it in turns each night sleeping in the single bed while the other shares the double bed with our daughter. Now, when my boyfriend and i got together i told him about this holiday and he was fine with it. Now that the holiday is getting closer hes started to have a problem with it. Hes worried well end up back together and ive told him he has nothing to worry about as were both in new relationships and apart from our daughter we have nothing in common anymore. He asked if i still love him, i told him hes the father of my child he will always have a place in my heart and i will always care for him but i am no longer in love with him. He then asked me not to go and i said im going because its already booked and our daughter is looking forward to it alot, he wasnt happy with that answer and walked out and hasnt spoken to me since last night apart from one text that said if i go on holiday we wont be together when i return as he cant be with someone who doesnt value him enough to not go. I told him he was being silly and insecure but if thats how he truly feels i obviously wont force him to stay. Our mutual friends have mixed opinions on this so im here to ask if im the asshole on this or not.<|response|> NAH. You are allowed to go on that holiday and you should because your daughter is excited about it, but don't be surprised when your boyfriend dumps you for it which he has every right to do. <|endoftext|>
76796	1	AITA for taking back my money from a beggar? So I know this sounds bad but stick with me. So last week I went to eat something with my gf. On the way there I stopped at a grocery store, entered it to buy some water, and left again. Next to the store a beggar stopped me and asked fpr some change. I was in a good mood so I thought sure why not. I take a dollar out of pocket and gave it to him. Then he looked me dead in the eye and said: "you surely can give me more than that." I stood there dumbfounded by the audacity that this man showed. I then said to him yeah I've got more, but I'll give it to you if you return the dollar. He gave it back to me, I put it back into my pocket and started walking away. The beggar asked for the money I promised to give him and then I told him to fuck off and be less greedy the next time. I thought I did the right thing at that moment but when I told my gf this story she said that I shouldn't have done that and just left it at that. So reddit my question is AITA for taking back the money?<|response|> NTA beggars can’t be choosers <|endoftext|>
79246	4	AITA for not wanting to go to my wife’s best friends wedding? So, it’s not as simple as the post implies. My wife and I live in Texas, she’s lived here her whole life, I’ve been here for about 15 years now. She’s been best friends with her friend, we’ll call her Grace, since they were in middle school. This coming March, Grace is getting married in Florida, where her and her fiancé live. Grace was born and raised in Texas, her fiancé was born and raised in Tennessee. Neither of them have any extended family in Florida, they just kinda moved there bc they wanted to. No real reason other than they wanted a fresh start. So, the issue for me starts here. The wedding is taking place on a Monday. A Monday at 3 in the afternoon. The couple is very religious, there will be no drinking, no dancing, no music at the reception. The wedding will go from 3-4pm the reception begins at 4:30pm and will end at 6pm. So 3 total hours for this wedding. Immediately that evening, the couple will take off on their honeymoon out of the country. So we won’t even have time to see them afterwards. This is where I feel kinda like an asshole. My wife and I have been married for a little over a year now. We had a destination wedding in Italy. Everyone who came to the wedding had their hotels, food and drinks all paid for. They basically just had to get to the wedding. Everybody who came to the wedding (this couple included) had well over a year notice as to when our wedding would be, so they could plan flights accordingly. I just think it’s extremely inconsiderate to expect 75 people to fly to Florida for a Monday afternoon wedding, where we’ll be unable to even spend time with the couple. But I also understand that I could be perceived as an asshole for asking them to come to my international wedding and not going to their wedding. So, am I the asshole here? Edit: I have talked to my wife about this. She wants to go. But even she’s frustrated with the circumstances of the wedding.<|response|> YTA if you don't go when your wife wants to go and you to attend with her. Being in a marriage means sometimes having to attend stupid events like this for the sake of your significant other. Try to make a 3-4 day vacation out of it and find fun things to do besides this boring wedding. It's fine that you don't want to go. It sounds like your wife isn't thrilled about it either, but still wants to be there. She will be way more miserable without you there. Just do it for her. <|endoftext|>
143235	3	AITA for lying about being interested in a product and then not buying it? I got a discount at the hotel I’m staying at currently by agreeing to go to a 90-minute presentation where a salesperson tries to sell you a product one on one. They also give you $150 in visa gift cards for going through with the presentation. For the sake of privacy I’m not going to say the product however. I was never interested in the buying the product, I was only interested in the discount and the gift cards. When they first advertised this exchange to me I let them know that I wasn’t interested in the product. The person over the phone said that there was no mandatory purchase of the item, as long as I stuck through the 90 presentation I would receive the benefits. When I arrived to the presentation, the salesperson already gave me a bad vibe tbh. She asked me if I was interested in the product and I told her I was because I didn’t want to outright say I was only there because of the benefits, that just seemed rude to say I guess. At the end of the presentation, she started showing me prices and asked me which plan I would be okay with. I then told her “I’m sorry but I don’t think I can afford all this right now, I have some debts to pay off right now” which isn’t even a lie, my family bought a car just 2 weeks ago. She started pressing me about other plans and how good of a product it was, she wouldn’t let up and just let me leave. She even brought the top salesperson there to try to pressure me further into buying it. I was starting to get really uncomfortable, they wouldn’t let up after multiple times I told them I couldn’t buy it. If it was a small product I probably would have just bought it to get the fuck out of there, but it was like $500 a month so that wasn’t an option. Eventually I just told her straight up I was only here for the discounts and everything to get her off my back. She started getting super passive aggressive, saying how if I wasn’t going to buy anything that I shouldn’t have lied and said I was interested in the product and she would have just let me leave. She was also saying how she has bills to pay and I just wasted 90 minutes of her time. So Reddit, AITA in this?<|response|> NTA. Companies do these sorts of promos to generate leads, which they then try to turn into customers. This is a really shitty lead, since the only reason most people are going to show up is for the gifts. They're hoping to convert maybe 5-10% of the people who come through the door. The condition was to stay for the full 90 minutes, so if you wanted the benefits, you had to tough it out. You're not an asshole for taking what was offered to you under the conditions it was offered. The salesperson got frustrated and lost her cool, which isn't very professional. <|endoftext|>
90438	3	WIBTA if I told my family that this would be my last christmas with them? first up: set up a new account because parts of my family use this sub, bettter be safe then sorry. Obligatory sorry for formatting, I am on mobile. So: my granddad recently passed away and the funeral is today. I was never really one who liked christmas, it was usually just my dad being a dick and starting fights, my mom overworking herself in the kitchen until my grandparents showed up, from there on it was basically a nice dinner with my granparents and gifts. When I grew up I wasn’t so keen about the gifts anymore, and started just to enjoy talking to my granddad and having a beer or two with him, he was the closest I had to an actual father figure, since my dad had some childhood trauma and just always tries to pressure me into his version of an ideal son, while also having the empathy and emotional capabilities of a 6-8 year old, while on top being very narcissistic. Usually on christmas my dad is pissed off at everything, and for no apparent reason starts to pick fights with me about small things, for example last year he yelled at me for not bein christmasy enough because I didn’t wear a buttoned up shirt, only a polo shirt and a cardigan. Or yelled at my mom that the food wasn’t hot wnough when it came to the table, all the while not helping her in the slightest. Or he was mad because the tree he bought wasn’t nice enough, and started to yell at me and my sister for fucking up the decorations. My grabdma doesn’t serm to enjoy Christmas that much either whenever I talked to her, and asked us (understandably so) to leave her alone on christmas. I don’t think she could make the trip to us on her own, so I don’t expect her to come to my parents house next year or anytime soon over Christmas/Birthdays whatever. The only reason I usually went there in the last few years was because my Granpa told me how he enjoyed having me around on christmas, and that he appreciated me coming over back to my parents for them. Now that he is no more, I don’t see any reason to get my ass envolved in this shit show, I am not religious, I don’t get why I‘d need a special day to have a nice dinner with my parents, and I certainly don’t want to put up with the outbursts of my father anymore. On the other hand I feel like I‘d leave my mom and sister alone if I didn’t show up and maybe ruin their Christmas. So, WIBTA if I didn’t want to celebrate Christmas now that my granpa passed away? Edit: I feel like I‘d leave my sister and mom hanging in there, since they have no other place to go.<|response|> NTA sounds like your dad wants to have everything perfect the way he wants it to be in my opinion better to not go than to go and just get yelled at by your own father. <|endoftext|>
94104	4	AITA for not making tea the way my boyfriend likes? A few days ago. My mom visited my boyfriend and me. She brought home a pitcher of tea, which my bf had never actually drank before. He's never had tea, he mostly drinks water, never coke or anything (he's diabetic), because of that, he also never eats sweets of any kind. Thankfully, she puts sweet n low in it instead of sugar. He took one sip and told her how sweet it tasted. He was worried about his diabetes, until she explained that she used a sugar substitute. I swear to you, he drank almost the whole pitcher. He fell in love with the tea. So he asked me to start making the stuff too. So, I did. I got some tea bags and made some. So, after it was ready, he came and got himself a big glass. But he spit it out because I didn't put any sweetener in it. I hold him he had to put it in himself. So he did, but e complained it wasn't as good like that. After a few days, every pitcher I made, I didn't put the sweetener right in the pitcher. I could hear him grumbling every time he had to mix it in each glass. Then he got pissed off, he said " i shouldn't have to fumbles around the messy kitchen to find the sweet n low every time I want tea, just because you're too lazy to put it in the pitcher." I told him its not because I was lazy, it was because you go through the sweet n low way faster if you do it like that. He said the tea is no good like that, you gotta put the sweetener in when its warm. So, I got enough of him complaining. I made the tea right this time and he kept getting glass after glass, so much so that we ran out by the evening before dinner. By dinner time, he asked me to make another pitcher. But unfortunately, I was out of sweet n low. We went through so much of it because he had to put 8 packets of it in the glasses of the tea I "ruined", to fix the flavor. So, I've got 1 pack of sweet n low and tea that's almost brewed on the stove. I poured it up and put sugar in it. Like, actual, real, sugar. I brought him his dinner and a glass of tea. He drank it and said it was delicious, it tasted way better. He asked if I didanything different. lied and told him it was Lipton, instead of store brand. But, he kept going back and refilling his cup. So I just told him what happened. He didn't say thank you or anything. He started screaming at me. He kept saying "You know I'm diabetic, why would you do that? are you trying to poison me?" I just didn't want to hear him whine about the tea anymore.<|response|> YTA - Way way way disproportionate reaction. You literally fucked with his health. He will probably have a crazy high sugar spike, and he will have to try and figure out how much insulin to counteract that. A lot of times it’s difficult to figure out just how much insulin to use, and if you use too much you get crazy low sugar which CAN KILL SOMEONE. This was WAY wrong of you. You got angry and instead of talking about it you decided to trigger his very real disease. <|endoftext|>
141100	3	AITA if I file a police report on the kids who hit my truck with a firework? Kids in my neighborhood were playing with fireworks and hit my truck with one. (2018 LT Silverado). There are a few marks on the body of the truck that I have been unable to get out. Am I the asshole if I filed a police report if I cant find a way to get these marks off my truck? Edit: talked to the parents, father didnt really want to talk to me and pretty much said kids will be kids, however I was able to get the marks off the surface, there are little scratches where the firework hit. Its a dark gray truck so unless you are looking for it you probably wont see it.<|response|> NTA. Parents should pay for damages. They left their child alone with a literal explosive device. <|endoftext|>
90700	4	WIBTA if I changed plans with my daughter due to my ex-wifes lack of follow through? Ex and I have been divorced for 3 plus years. She is re-married to a pretty good dude, and I am happily single. Long story short I seem to be constantly bending over backwards to accommodate my ex, and the favor is seldom if ever returned. She moved halfway across the state and I followed, I did this to ensure I could maintain as strong of a relationship with my daughter as possible. There have been multiple instances of her "forgeting" to do something we agreed upon. Examples tonight she agreed to facetime, yet never called, I texted a little before bath time its been an hour plus and nothing. When I have our daughter for a week plus we make "appointments" to facetime and I always make the appointment. I signed her up for basketball this season on more then 3 occasions I have shown up to practice or a game only for her mom to decide "we are just to busy to make it", without telling me. I have offered to take her to these events to lighten the load, but always get told no. I have expressed to her mom that I would appreciate better communication, as I can't keep wasting my evenings going to basketball for no reason. Those are only a few issues, there have been at least 3 instances since summer where her mom "has missed" our daughter during a 10 day+ visit with me, and I have jumped through some sort of hoop to ensure her mom gets to see her. Yet that same consideration has not been reciprocated to me. My daughter cries almost everytime her mom picks her up, I try not to read to much into this as she's 5 and probably just wants to keep play. What do I do? Her mom seems to just keep walking right over me. My daughters cousins birthday party is this weekend, I am forgoing a day to ensure she gets to be a part of the party and have a fun time with her cousins, yet her mom can't make a facetime appointment. WIBTA if I withdraw my offer to let her go to the party? WIBTA if I just stop offering extra days for her mom until her mom can reciprocate? I feel like that would just be punishing my daughter, who is a innocent party in all of this<|response|> can you not contest the custody in court? is all these missed events your offerings or are you legally entitled to the time? i would stop making efforts to include her mom without prompting from her. the kid will learn by experience who to trust. its just the way it is with divorcee kids and spatting parents. <|endoftext|>
50558	2	WIBTA if I asked my dad to back off on my vacation? My wife and I are taking our first real vacation since 2010. We're staying in a hotel about an hour from my dad's house. I haven't seen him in 20 years. He got all excited when I called and told him we'd be in the area and started making plans for us. We only have two full days there and were planning to spend most of it with sand between our toes and salt water up the nose. We really need this time to de-stress.<|response|> YTA If you didn't want to meet up why even bother telling him.. <|endoftext|>
56465	1	AITA for being upset that my gf made me go on a trip when I was really tired? My gf (25f) and I (32M) are currently on holiday. Yesterday we decided to book tickets to go to a resort a couple of hours away. Last night we went out and I got a bit drunk but not wasted. This morning she woke me up, and I really didn’t feel like going as I had a bit of a hangover. I knew I’d upset my gf if I didn’t go so I sucked it up. The whole way to the train station I made it clear I did not want to be there in a jokey manner and she got a bit mad and said she would have gladly gone herself if I didn’t want to go, AITA?<|response|> YTA You booked your tickets knowing the trip was a few hours away, then proceeded to get drunk knowing you’d have a hangover during this few-hour trip? And you have the nerve to complain?? <|endoftext|>
174124	3	AITA for accidentally scratched my friend face after he tease me Before I start I just want to said that we had made up and are friends again and also my English is not very good because I am from Malaysia and my friend and I were 13 at the time Okay let Start My friend who will be calling David is a good friend of mine. David wanted to see my picture in the ID or Identification card. In my ID, there is my home address. David said “Hey do you live in Jalan*******” and I said yes Before we continue, for some reason I am private with personal life and do not want other people know where my home address is. So I told my friend not to tell anyone. But he keep telling my address out loud to me but not to the point where anyone can hear just to annoy me So I just use my to finger to the his stomach to make him feel tickles for a while but he keep telling out loud and I keep doing the action. Suddenly he block it and my finger accidentally scratched him in the face The injuries is not very serious because he just some scratches and a little blood like a water droplets but he started got mad and I kept apologizing to him and said I didn’t mean to hurt you.But he wouldn’t talk to me So I went up to my others friends and asked for helped. They said “ Why OP? What did you to that” but I didn’t explain to them I got sad but continue my day with him mad at me but after a few days, he and I made up<|response|> NTA He made you uncomfortable, even after you told him so. And it was aN accident, right? <|endoftext|>
118413	4	AITA for being jealous of one my best friends new friend. Ok so this is my first post here so this may seem a bit odd but recently my best friend ive know for the last 10 years since Year 4 in school has been talking to another friend of hers to points where it feels like im not really needed. Most things i say recently are just laughed off and are ignored for stuff the new friend is doing. No matter how much i try to help every thing i do i seem to be in their shadow which leads to me now being afraid of being replaced but i feel like i should be happy my friend is branching out. Sorry if this seems like a jumbled mess im not the best at explaining myself.<|response|> NTA. You’re not an asshole for feeling the way you feel. Take this as an opportunity to branch out yourself! <|endoftext|>
25707	3	AITA for being horrified when someone said Asians “will be Nazis” to black people?! I, 29F have been talking online for over a year to a 36M Korean in the USA and he has in the past admitted to holding racist views towards black people. We talked and he agreed that he was wrong but that he was really hurt from all the bad experiences he had with black people and that he had never met a black person who didn’t do something bad either to him or another person. I said this was very unfortunate but those were bad people and there is no way to defend his statement that a whole community or race were bad. He agreed that he would educate himself, that he would start to try and see humans as individuals and work on becoming a better person. I asked him to never speak to me about these things again. It could take a while before he could change his views, I didn’t really want to be subjected to those views. Tonight we were having one of our late night conversations on the phone,i was quiet and sleepy,so he was reading some jokes online, and they were only jokes about black people. At one point i got a little creeped out and said have you literally just googled black jokes because thats weird. He then said that the world was very comfortable making fun of and “walking all over” asians, yet no one calls out black people for “their shit”. Then, he said and i quote: “Well, its gonna happen soon, asians are gonna deal with these blacks, we’re gonna be the Nazis all over again, they’ll see.” At this point I said wait a second, take a step back and think about what you just said. I was horrified, shocked, sad and ANGRY but i tried to stay very calm, I felt like I had to show this person that their views were terrifying and wrong. I asked to revisit what he said,asked if he could explain what he meant and what he knew about “Nazis”. He started losing his temper and accused me of trying to make him look bad. I said that he really crossed the line with basically saying that he wished for a genocide. He said everyone wanted that and i was lying about not sharing his views! He was shouting so I hung up the call. He then continued the conversation via text and said: “U really have ur way of literally pushing my buttons I've never ever met anyone that made me so angry as much as you I'll be very honest You truly are somethin, I could literally say something And throw u off and u disregard the whole history of my existence, Fake as fuck Think what u want it's really pathetic U make me feel so low, Make me feel like a criminal a monster U would point fingers at me when the world does too U don't see why I said that and just going off<|response|> NTA. No one should be Nazis. They are bad. Anyone who hates anything based off of race, is not a person one should let walk all over them. <|endoftext|>
35592	3	AITA for not wanting to look after my autistic younger cousin? Some background, my cousin is 16 and I'm 20. I've always been fond of him, we used to be really close, people would joke about us being brother and sister. So, last week my uncle called my mum to say that my aunt (who was a recovering alcoholic) had started drinking again and she's not getting out of bed, not showering, not helping to look after my cousin etc... and I just felt this immediate sense of dread because this same thing happened before. When I was 17 my nan got that same exact call, I offered to go with her to check up on my aunt and we ended up coming back with my cousin. I was pretty happy at first, I wasn't seeing much of him at the time so it was nice to be able to spend time with him. After a while, I realised that my mum had agreed to let him stay at our place while my uncle was trying to get help for my aunt in the hopes that I would be the one looking after him. My mum was working full-time and my sister was away for the summer with a club, which left me as the obvious candidate as I was on my summer holidays. I didn't mind at first, it was nice having him around but looking after him meant that I had to be with him all the time. I had to take him to the park, I had to bring him with me to hospital and dentist appointments (I was late in my recovery from surgery so I had a lot of follow-up appointments). From when he woke up at about 5 in the morning until my mum got home from work at 7, I had to be watching him. I couldn't go out with friends, couldn't even have friends over otherwise he would kick up a fuss. The only alone time I had was at night which is when I like to go on my laptop, listen to music, do some writing but by that time I was too tired to do any of that. There were times when I'd catch him masturbating, not even accidentally walking in on him but he would do it in the open in the living room, would shove his hands down his pants when we were out in public. I would tell him not to do it, he would say sorry but carry on. That was my whole summer. I was stressed, I was missing out on a lot and I was missing my friends, my mum kept telling me that it wasn't for long, that we (?) were doing it for my aunt. He was here for over 6 weeks. That's the experience that turned me off of wanting to look after him again. My mum got in touch, told me it's happening again and if I can come home for a week or so to help look after him. I just<|response|> NTA. It is not fair to expect you to drop anything and babysit for several weeks without pay. You shouldn’t have been expected to do it when you were younger either. I hope it doesn’t get dumped on your sister but it’s not your problem. <|endoftext|>
83936	2	AITA for charging my parents for my business service? Sorry for formatting, on mobile, English is my first language blah blah blah. Recently (7 months ago) I started a business in a very niche market. The very basics, it's performing a routine maintenance job on Recreational Vehicles (RVs including trailers, fifth wheels, and motorhomes.) My parents (mom and stepdad) purchased a used RV and asked if I could perform my services for them. I said yes of course, I'd love to help and set a date for service. I then texted my mom the fee I would charge her, a heavily discounted fee from my normal service charges. She replies back "You're funny." To which I ask why she would say that? Then she says "Well you're really expecting me to pay you?" At this point, I've left her on read as it's time for my other job to start. The equipment I had to purchase for the business totals over $2000, and that's not including my insurance that was an additional $1000. I have yet to turn a profit on this yet, but have new clients every week. Am I the asshole for wanting compensation for my time and equipment, or am I acting unreasonably? One last detail.. my stepfather is only 7 years older than me, my mom being 18 years his senior. They have been married for 10 years, and it's never really affected me. I have a good relationship with him and my mom otherwise. I wonder if the closeness of our age is having an effect on her thoughts. Edit: Thank you everyone for the kind words. As it is the holiday season, I will take the high road and waive my feelings and my fee. Edit #2 for more info: I clean the holding tanks of RVs using a hydro jet system. This involves touching literal human waste. This isn't a clean job, this isn't a glamorous job, this isn't a job for everyone. My jumpsuit winds up with fecal matter, rotten food, and stagnant water that permeates for the day. I take the necessary precautions with PPE to keep myself safe, however there is always the chance of contamination if I'm not careful.<|response|> NTA. You offered them a discount. What makes them think they are entitled to free services? <|endoftext|>
134492	4	AITA for not letting my abusive parents back into my life? I (21M) have been living on my own for three years now. The only reason I’ve been living on my own is because as soon as I graduated high school, my parents kicked me out. Our issues with each other go back a long way, ever since I can remember really. The majority of our fights revolved around minor issues getting completely blown out of proportion due to arguing, and my parents’ unchecked anger issues (I wrote a full, detailed story on this a month or two ago, feel free to go check it for the whole thing on my account). Some of the abuses included: -Pulling me off of a school-sanctioned spring break, AFTER I had paid $1000 of my own money, and was never refunded. They used this as blackmail to get me to behave for months. -Removing me from school clubs like academic quiz team or marching band (like, how is that even reasonable?) -Throwing a kitchen knife at me during a heated argument And a few other notables. I have very few positive memories of actually interacting with them, and so many bad ones. On the other hand, I’ve had 3 years to grow and change since then (they contacted me again about 2 years after me being kicked out to apologize and try to reconnect) and since then I went to one or two family events, mostly just to see my grandparents. In that time, I learned that they didn’t necessarily hate me, but they were very antisocial, impersonal, and argumentative people, and I was an argumentative child. They fed me, put me through school and kept me safe until I was at least a little prepared to be on my own. They had been threatening to kick me out for a long time, but seemed to wait until I had a job and a car before finally giving me the boot (could still be purely coincidence). They haven’t explicitly said that they wish they could see more of me (not really in their nature to do so) but I can definitely feel like I’m being softly guilted for not doing so. I don’t think I’m still angry at them anymore, and they have no more power to abuse me like they have, but after 18 years of bad memories, there’s no positive foundation to build off of. I know nothing about them as people and they know nothing about me. So, AITA for keeping my parents in the dark about my life? Should I distance myself further or try to make amends?<|response|> NTA - is your life better without them? It sucks not being in touch with your parents but their argumentative nature may cause problems and more stress in the future <|endoftext|>
66187	3	AITA for not accepting a job? Around 30 years ago my parents came to work to the US legally(papers in order), and I (26m if it matters) was born in Houston,TX although at very young age, my family moved to Mexico and that's where I basically grew up. Now, since then, I have always wanted to come to the U.S, my uncle who is living in Texas told my dad that he would take me in and give me a place to stay while I get a job and make something for myself. This happened when I was in the University so he basically asked me to drop out in the middle of the semester and go. I was excited (like, finally happening) and then after checking schools around and jobs, he pretty much slammed the door in my face and I had to come back to Mexico. Now, years after that, I came to US by myself ( worked , saved money, etc etc) this way I would not be depending on anyone. I've had a few jobs here and there but nothing to settle down, and now I came across X company and they're hiring, payment might not be much but they have growth and it's located like 10 min away from where I live, next to the gym I go(ironically) so it fits pretty damn good. So I apply, I make it through the hiring process and I'm selected (yay!) , they ask me to bring my ID and SSN just to fill more data and that's when they told me "Your SSN has been used before with us, we can't hire you and it's gonna take a few days to weeks to fix this", they even told me the name of the person using it, I don't know the name, never herd it. I contact my family to ask about this and it turns out back when I was born, my uncle "took for a moment" my SSN and this guy appearing on the company is his stepson, as he came from Mexico ( illegally ) and he gave him my SSN to get a job over there, after I found all of this I was, to say the least, furious. But all of that happened already, needless to say I'm already directing myself to the proper places / organizations to do something about this as I have no clue how much time(and for what), he has been stealing my identity. Now my dad just called me, saying that my uncle and his stepson are offering me a "well paid job" and I would be "irresponsible of not taking it" to "contact them and they'll help you out" to which I replied- "Are you kidding me?, is this some kind of joke?" he went further on to push me onto getting it and now he and my mother thinks that I would be an asshole if I reject my uncle of taking said job, and being too prideful it's a bad thing, to just let it go. P.S<|response|> NTA - these people stole your identity. You would be well within your right to completely cut ties with them and never speak to them again, you're absolutely fine to refuse to work with them. Who knows what they've done in the past decade? They could have rung up thousands of dollars in credit card debt in your name!! Not to mention the last time this uncle offered you a job he shut the door in your face. Don't trust him. <|endoftext|>
18997	3	AITA for yelling about my mom? I'll make sure to add a TLDR at the bottom. Me and my family have a complicated history. Specifically my mother. In the past, she used to taunt and tease me to the point of me breaking down in depressive fits. I've discussed with her multiple times that I'd like for this to stop and she's explained she'll try. I appreciate her trying but I feel as though she don't put in her efforts. &#x200B; On Saturday, I went to my grandmother's house to get my hair permed. It was supposed to be a quick event which turned into an all nighter. Me, my grandmother, my mother, my various cousins, my uncle and auntie were all sitting in the living room watching tv via cast from my mother's phone when one of my cousins started demanding we look at "baby pictures". Baby pictures usually means old embarrassing pictures. The first picture up was Me! During my blunderyears. I tried to scroll off of it myself but found out she had five of the same picture. My family was laughing hysterically when I asked her "why did she have those pictures?" She didn't really answer, just retorting, "why not? It's *my* phone." I was humiliated. &#x200B; I tried to block out my family's laughter by listening to music but that didn't work so I stepped outside and called a friend, explaining how I felt hurt by my mother's actions to use me first for the humiliation. The only thing separating me from my family was the glass door, everyone could still see me and slightly hear me. I know what I said in anger was probably not justified but I was really hurt. I said things like she only aims to hurt me, she doesn't care about *my* problems, things just from a place of hurt. &#x200B; When we got in the car, I asked my mom why did she show me first and why does she constantly try to embarrass me to the family? She explained she didn't see it as embarrassing or humiliating, instead she just started from the top of her photos which so happens to be me. She explained that my words did hurt her and that she does try not to put me on the spot by saying rude things anymore. I felt really guilty, feeling as though my clouded self esteem saw what it wanted when she was genuinely trying to have a good time. &#x200B; TL;DR- My mom showed my embarrassing pictures to the family and I made her feel bad by venting to a friend. Am I the asshole? &#x200B; &#x200B;<|response|> NAH, parents live for showing embarrassing photos of their children. Seems to be a right of passage. It wasn't done out of malice I'm sure. <|endoftext|>
83634	4	AITA for giving my niece a Christmas gift, even though her family don’t celebrate it? I want to start off by saying I do respect my sisters beliefs. I have never gone against her wishes except this, which I feel I have good reason to. My niece is almost 7 years old. I pick her up from school on Monday & Thursdays. Last week I picked her up from school, and she was visibly upset and frustrated with something. I asked her what was wrong and she said all her friends at school are singing Christmas songs, talking about their Christmas decorations, Santa, presents, tree, etc. She said she wanted to join in but doesn’t know anything about it and she knows her mom & dad will be really upset with her if she wanted to “do” Christmas. She talked about how she will get no presents again this time. And she wished she could do Christmas decorations, get the presents and sing the songs. But she knows she’ll never get too. I was very sad for her because I remember when we were kids that Christmas was magical. And my sister loved it! But she met her husband who doesn’t celebrate Christmas, and she followed his religion. Now they never celebrate it. My children love Christmas, and to think my niece misses out on this every year... I just feel really bad for my niece. I know I can’t change the way my sister does things, and I know I can’t change her beliefs. So I thought the only thing I could do was pick my niece up (yesterday) and just hand her a little gift. Just to try and give her something to do with Christmas. I gave her a card that when you open it sings Rudolph the red nosed reindeer. As i know she loves the songs just as much as the presents! My sister freaked out. Told me I was an asshole and I have no right to interfere with her parenting and her religion. That’s she’s raising her daughter as she sees fit. That she’s chucked away that shit. But Seeing my nieces face light up when I gave her the gift and card was amazing and I can’t see why that makes me an asshole. And I think she’s the asshole for taking away something little that was magical for my niece. So reddit AITA?<|response|> I think tha giving her a card with Rudolph was to much in your sisters face. If you really want her to enjoy the christmas magic, then do christmas stuff with her in your home. Bake cookies with her. Make decorations, let her help decorate in you home. Maby buy a little tree in a pot and let her decorate it. And when ever she visits you in december, you can have a little ting under the tee waiting for her (wrapped chocolate, cheap drawing book ect.). <|endoftext|>
194184	1	AITA for yelling at my daughter? I(46,M) have been helping my(17,F) daughter apply to colleges. We visited a college on the 20th of Jan and filled out the application forms etc. Skip to today and she calls me asking about her acceptance offer letter. Two minutes letter she says nevermind I've found it. I asked her what she meant and it turns out she had received the acceptance letter 9 days ago and hadn't bothered to even check her mail with her excuse being "I thought the process was done I didn't know we would get a mail." I was shocked by her irresponsible behaviour because she will start college on 23rd March and before that she needs to get her Student Visa. How will everything get done on time if she is as callous as this? On top of this instead of apologising she became defensive and kept telling me it's not that big of a deal. Needless to say I was upset and yelled at her for a bit because she's no longer a child and still fails to step up and take responsibility. In hindsight, I'm wondering if I was a bit hard on her? Even though I feel that she does deserve this wake up call<|response|> YTA You need a large glass of grow the fuck up. Very few things actually go through the mail these days. At 17 it’s entirely possible she has literally never had anything important come through the mail before. Instead of using it as a teachable moment (or just getting over it because it’s not a big deal) you yelled at her. Here’s a thought. You want her to grow up? Don’t treat her like a child <|endoftext|>
109468	2	AITA For liking the “perks” that come with being friends with a rich girl? So at the start of the year I made a friend at uni, we found common interests and slowly became pretty close. However, said friend, which we shall call “RG (rich gal) is blessed with attorney mum and investment banker dad - as a result, VERY affluent life. I’m talking house on the water overlooking their YACHT type of wealth. Now the BASIS for the friendship is the mutual interests and overall good time we have, however I find myself getting excited about the prospect of going on her yacht or drinking expensive wine that I, as a low income immigrant family person, wouldnt be able to experience. I find myself feeling guilty about enjoying this, as I almost feel while these perks aren’t the basis, they sorta “add” to the benefits of being friends with her. RG has expressed that in the past people have used her, and as a result she finds it hard to make genuine friends. I just feel guilty at times that because I’m enjoying her lifestyle, the friendship might not be as genuine as I think? I do love the gal and she’s had it rough when it comes to people understanding her wealth, so AITA because her wealth benefits me too?<|response|> nta: you bonded over common interests before realizing that she was rich (i’m assuming). <|endoftext|>
96381	3	WIBTA if I never replied to my Mom's messages again? I'll try to keep this short. My mom and dad split when I was 2, and for about ten years she was in and out of my life. My dad has never spoken poorly about her in my entire life. He would tell me that she made the ultimate sacrifice by giving him custody because of her drug problems. After I turned 12, I went four years without seeing her. I'm not sure where she was during that time. I saw her when I was 16, and we began meeting up once a week. But it only lasted a couple months before we lost contact again. Fast forward until last year, she found out I got married and was extremely angry at my dad, because she thought he had said something to make me not want her at my wedding. But it was really just because the wedding was very small, and unplanned. Only 6 people were there, and because so much was going on at the time I didn't even think to invite her. It had been so long. After she contacted my dad I reached out to say hi and explain. It was short but we exchanged the usual awkward long time no see I love you's. A month later she messaged me saying happy birthday, it wasn't my birthday. I wasn't mad about it or anything and I made a little joke about it. She started asking about my dad and brother and where they were living, and I told her that they were living with my and my husband. That was about 10 minutes into our first conversation in 5 years. And then she asked to live with me and my husband. Not gonna lie, it hurt a little. Felt like she was just reaching out to her advantage I guess? I explained that we were already sharing a very small apartment and that they stayed in the living room and that I didn't have any room. I didnt message her again after that, and neither did she. Fast forward again, to one month ago. My family got anonymous messages from various phone numbers saying that mom was dead. After investigating, I found multiple go fund mes for her(not funeral related), messaged one and said "hey, are you alive? Someone messaged and said you had passed away." And I just got a message replied that said "false alarm". And today I got a long message from her on Facebook that overall was just apologizing profusely and saying how her life has just been sad and lost after she lost my brother and I. Normally I'd just reply with small talk and that sort of thing. But I feel so sad about this whole situation. Her photos on Facebook are of her homeless living in a tent. It hurts my heart. I know my mom has always had problems with drugs and homelessness and disappearing on us, I have always responded to her with kindness. But I feel like<|response|> We need a YNT option for “you need therapy.” There are no assholes here, just people doing their best in a very sad situation. My heart goes out to you and your family. NAH. <|endoftext|>
89184	4	AITA for telling my friend to stop her achievements? Basically, my best friend and I are seniors in high school. She’s gotten inducted into the National Honor’s Society, gotten recognized in the school’s “thespian hall of fame” of sorts, and is looking at a full ride to a really nice college. She’s naturally gorgeous, smart, and strong. She never has to study. I, on the other hand, have to work my butt studying to make B’s and C’s and wear as much makeup as Beyonce and buy a bunch of expensive beauty products to at least look presentable. We went out recently and she’s been talking about nothing but the stuff mentioned above. While we were eating it didn’t stop, and finally I told her that if she didn’t start talking about something else, I will be leaving and taking my car home and she would have to find another ride home. She got silent and asked for us to leave after we ate. It wasn’t until too long ago that I got messages from her saying that she was breaking off our contact until I “sorted my life out” and “decided to start supporting her”. I’ll admit that I haven’t been as responsive and happy for her as others have been and I couldn’t go to her induction ceremony, but my cousin had a band concert that day that I promised to go to. AITA?<|response|> YTA. From the sound of it your friend has a lot to be proud of and is rightfully happy about that. You seem to be blinded by jealousy and unable to see that the good things in her life do not diminish the good things in your life. Threatening to leave her out of the blue for talking about the exciting things happening in her life is really over the top and why you're TA here. <|endoftext|>
71033	3	AITA for telling me flatmate his friend can’t stay with us after he brought someone back to our apartment I’ll keep it short, I (29M) live in a three bedroom apartment with my flatmate Peter (32M). One of Peter’s friends, Shane (31M), recently stayed with us for a week or so after he moved out of his apartment before travelling overseas on an extended holiday. I wasn’t fussed by this at the time as it was only for a few days. Following the first time he stayed with us for a week or so, and before his extended holiday, Shane went on a short trip home for about two weeks but has now came back to our apartment for a few nights. Tonight I got home from work and thought I had the place to myself as Peter works nights. After I had a shower I heard Peter in the living room playing music, and while I thought it was a little strange (it was around 10 pm and he usually wouldn’t do that on weeknights when I work the next day), I went to say hi when I noticed Shane drinking and making out with a woman I don’t know on our lounge. I left Shane in the living room, went to my room and sent Peter a few messages telling him we need to talk about a few things tomorrow. He obviously realised something was up and we exchanged a few messages about Shane in which I basically said I thought it was not cool a guest in our apartment (who wasn’t paying rent) had decided to bring someone back to our place. I told Peter that if Shane wanted to do that he should either get a hotel room or have gone back to her place, particularly given Peter wasn’t home with him. Peter than accused me of being an asshole and said Australian hospitality is lacking (I’m Aussie, Peter is Russian and Shane is Dutch). I said Shane was taking the piss and if he wasn’t paying rent he needed to leave tomorrow. I should add, when he first stayed with us Shane either slept on a mattress in the lounge room or Peter’s room. Since then my other housemate has moved out and Shane has been staying in the third bedroom this time, although we have a new flatmate moving in later this week so that would have had to change shortly. So, AITA?<|response|> NTA. Shane is overstaying his welcome. If he wants the same perks as a roommate, he should start paying. I would have tolerated only the 1 week. After that, he can’t just come over as though he owns the place. Does he have a spare key he just keeps? <|endoftext|>
108178	4	AITA For telling a girl that I think sex is an important part in a relationship? I matched with a girl on bumble about a week ago. We've been talking, but we haven't officially met yet. We talked on bumble then switched to texting. We just talk to get to know each other. No dirty pics or sexting or even phone calls. This morning she texted me that she wanted to tell me something. The following is that conversation, starting from the first thing she texted me this morning: &#x200B; Her: "I realized I didn't explain something to you" &#x200B; Her: "I mean, if you want to hear it" &#x200B; Me: "Sure, what's up?" &#x200B; Her: "I was sexually abused by my ex and that is what caused the depression and anxiety. So if something sexual is what you're looking for then I'm not the one" (She told me before about her mental health) &#x200B; Me: "Oh wow, I'm really sorry to hear that" &#x200B; Her: "Just wanted to let you know where I'm coming from" &#x200B; Me: "Thanks for letting me know" &#x200B; Her: "Sure" &#x200B; Her: "Just wanted to let you know where I'm coming from" &#x200B; Me: "You seem really cool and sweet, but I think sex is a crucial part of the relationship. It definitely isn't the only thing, and I'm not looking for just a hookup. It's just that I do think it's an important part of the relationship. It's absolutely nothing against you. I just don't think we'd be that compatible right now" &#x200B; Her: "You're right I am really sweet ┌∩┐ (middle finger emoji)"<|response|> NAH. Sex is really important to many many people and it's fine to feel that way and to not want a relationship where it's totally off the table. However, I can't help but wonder if there was a bit of a misunderstanding there where she didn't mean sex is totally off the table forever but just that she didn't want something just about sex and wouldn't do anything too soon. Equally, she's a bit of a dick for being upfront and honest then giving you then middle finger when you are upfront and honest in return. <|endoftext|>
132037	3	AITA for telling my girlfriend her boobs weren't big enough to cosplay a character? My girlfriend enjoys doing cosplays and Halloween costumes. She's already planning her costume for this year and since she's obsessed with some game called Soul Calibur(? I think thats how its spelled) she was showing me a girl from there she wanted to dress up as someone named Casandra. She's a ridiculous looking characters- breasts like balloons and it made me laugh. I joked that I didn't think her boobs were big enough to cosplay such a character accurately and she got upset. I told her several times that it was a joke and that I was just trying to be funny. AITA for the joke I made?<|response|> YTA. Firstly, the comment you made was kind of insensitive. Secondly, who the hell cares about a cosplayer's body type? And it's a Halloween costume. You made a joke, it didn't work, just say sorry and try to understand why she was upset. She probably thought it was just an opportunity for you to say you don't like her boobs. Just talk to her. <|endoftext|>
96045	3	WIBTA if I refused to finish a friend's wedding dress after we had a falling out? My friend "Lisa" has uninvited me to her wedding and possibly ended our friendship because she doesn't want me to be around her soon to be husband whom I've met ONCE. Lisa and I have been friends for about 6 years and she's had a string of bad relationships and unfortunately the type of guys she usually goes for are (in my opinion) trash. Her boyfriends I've met in the past have propositioned me at some point in their relationship and after those moments I distance myself and avoid being around the boyfriends after letting her know whatever they said or tried doing. Her fiance is someone I've only met once after we all ran into each other grocery shopping (about a year into their relationship) I've never pushed her let me be around her fiance or meet him because she's my friend and that's just who she is with some relationships. When she announced their engagement she asked me to be a bridesmaid and announced that her wedding will be LOTR themed. I sew and embroider as a hobby and enjoy LOTR as well, so I offered to make her a new wedding dress from an old wedding dress she had bought for a previous engagement when she was about 200lbs heavier. A week ago I was chatting with her dad and he mentioned that he thought it really showed how good of a person I was that I was still making her wedding dress even though I wasn't invited anymore. I later confronted Lisa about it and she said she was waiting until the dress was closer to being done before she told me. The only reason she could give for the uninviting was that she was worried her fiance would focus more on me than her and she didn't want him to try sleeping with me. I'll admit, I said a few nasty things to the effect of: You know I'm married and not looking for anyone, and if she can't trust him around other women, then why the hell would marriage sound like a good idea? I've been stewing on everything for a few days and I know that her budget was heavily depending on me doing the dress for free and they don't have money for a different dress and likely don't have the money to get it finished. Would I be the asshole if I refused to finish the dress? Info: for everyone asking why we were friends, I met her after moving across the country. We were both big into partying and had similar interests, but even though our friendship has remained a thing over the years, it has been rocky due to me moving on to other things and her continuing to be a party girl. I was really hoping that this latest relationship was her finally moving into a more adult lifestyle and that the dress would be a way to mend things from the past.<|response|> >A week ago I was chatting with her dad and he mentioned that he thought it really showed how good of a person I was that I was still making her wedding dress even though I wasn't invited anymore. I later confronted Lisa about it and she said she was waiting until the dress was closer to being done before she told me. That shows how manipulative a person she is. Return the dress now. In fact, I'd undo the most recent work that I'd done on the dress. That said, I feel sorry for your friend. She's never going to be happy until she gets some serious therapy. She's got major insecurities. Maybe even a personality disorder. You're lucky to have that out of your life. NTA <|endoftext|>
54550	2	WIBTA if I told a religious co-worker to stop blessing me and encouraging me to accept Jesus? The background is we've worked with each other for a couple years. We have a perfectly find work relationship and are very nice to one another. At work religion and politics almost never comes up. However, with pro life bills gaining popularity there was a bit of an impromptu victory celebration between her and another female co-worker. I felt this was in very poor taste being at work and all. Truth be told believe what you want for religion and politics both, but I think there's a time and place for certain things. I am personally not religious and a Democrat. Because we are friendly I let her know that I saw/overheard the celebration which she did not initiate herself to let her know that stuff is best left for off work hours. Our subsequent conversation turned towards views of pro life and pro choice. As a man who could never fully appreciate the enormous gravity of a situation where one mightchoose abortion I very much pro choice and let it be known that religion has nothing to do with it. The woman asked that I consider letting Jesus into my heart. She does not say these things too often. Just today she asks if I'll listen to a podcast episode about Christianity and it's relationship to women. I say I will because why not. She sends me the link via text but then goes into say may the "message bless you and encourage your heart." That kind of follow up text just ribs me the wrong way. Bottom line the takeaway of the podcast is that women should just have faith that God will enforce divine punishment on those who do evil. Even rapists. I very much disagree and know that we the living can handle these things just fine and should punish wrongdoers. That's justice. WIBTA if I asked her to stop blessing me? Update: I know the post hasn't been up long. At this point I'll just share my view on the podcast I said I'd listen to and just ignore her blessings and offers of Jesus. Definitely no need for HR. But moving forward I plan on quickly moving away from religion and politics in conversation. Thanks everyone. Update 2: we had a brief conversation about the podcast. I feel it went well, but by the end I did say that maybe our conversations should avoid talking about religion because we just don't share the same views. I felt that was best.<|response|> Obviously NTA if you ask her to stop. <|endoftext|>
94243	3	AITA for not decreasing my mom's share of the rent? Due to financial considerations (amongst a plethora of others) my mom and I decided to move back in together until we're both on our feet again. Both of us have jobs, as well as side gigs we do for extra cash. She makes crafts and I sell custom digital products online. We both agreed that since our side things can be hit or miss, that shouldn't count towards our share of income; only considering how much we get from our jobs. That way, if we get some extra cash, it's not immediately allocated to bills; we have some "free cash" to spend. So, I figured how much we both earned from our jobs. I earn about 65% of the income in the house and she earns 35%, so the rent and bills are split in kind: 65/35. (Not to mention it just makes it easier not having to recalculate the income each month.) Well, fast forward several months and my mom asks how much I'm earning from my side stuff, out of curiosity. Well, I told her it's (very) roughly $100/month... and she has flipped out, saying that I should be paying a bigger share of the rent and bills and that it's not fair she has so little extra cash to spend. I tried reminding her that that was the agreement - side gigs for both of us are extra cash, not for bills. Well, she got upset saying that I know her crafts aren't selling, so I should be using my extra money to help out. I mean, I can kind of see where she's coming from - I earn more than her, so I guess I don't need the extra cash as much, but at the same time, though, I'm paying most of the bills and rent already. It's also a heck of a lot of work doing this side gig on top of my job, so it's nice to just get that extra "reward" once in a while that isn't immediately allocated to bills (though I have used it to pay down some other bills). AITA for not lowering my mom's rent?<|response|> NTA - as you already said, you both agreed on that arrangement in the first place, and you’re already paying the bigger share. It’s not your fault that her side gig isn’t profitable, and you shouldn’t have to pay for that <|endoftext|>
167771	3	WIBTA if I 'interview' my dying Grandfather? I guess this is kind of self explanatory. My Granddad currently has cancer along with a lot of other problems due to his age. He is at home and still able to generally 'survive'. Talk, walk, drive, eat, bathe etc. He expressed to us recently that he is ready to take palliative care in preparation for the end of his life. He seems pretty calm about the idea of dying. I visit him often, mostly to just sit with him while he watches TV or just sleeps. He has never really been a big talker, more so just likes quiet company and I guess this is why I am worried about asking for this. My Granddad has lived an absolutely crazy life, he was adopted, he was evacuated as a child, he served in the war, he has been a milk man, a *hearse* *driver,* worked as a mechanic, traveled a lot of the world, just generally lived a pretty colorful life. He has never really said much about this, only generally but I really want to know some of his best stories and experiences and just life advice before he passes. Would I be the asshole if I ask this from him?<|response|> NAH Ask him! He may be pretty glad that someone's interested in his life. <|endoftext|>
58611	3	AITA For interviewing for i job i dont really want? One of my friends about a year back suggested that i come work as a matinence man in a company he works for one i graduated from college, and at the time i didnt see any problem agreeing since i didnt really know what i wanted to do. well, now that year has passed and he went through the trouble of setting it up and having me apply through the online system for an interview, and my mom highly suggested i take up his offer. but in that year i had decided i want to go to college for an MLIS (librarian), so i want to apply at a bookstore or a library mear me to kind of get a feel for what it would be like. my main problem is that interview is now set up for a couple of days from now and im pretty much certain that i dont want the job, but my parents are saying to interview anyways because it would be good experience. my view on it is that if i do go i would be wasting their time that they could be using on serious aplicants and i feel i have already disrespected my friend a bit by deciding not to take the job after the work he put in. so, to end this cheesily, AITA?<|response|> NAH companies don’t expect for every interview to result in a hire. I agree with your parents and the experience would be helpful. <|endoftext|>
171265	1	AITA for asking my boyfriend to change his home screen picture? So, this actually happened a few years ago but I wanna get your opinion. My now ex-boyfriend and I started out as a polyamorous couple. I agreed to it for all the wrong reasons, for a while it seemed fine and he wasn't interested in sleeping with anyone really, but then he went to his hometown and disappeared on me for over 24 hours, until he admitted he had sex with a girl he's had an on/off FWB relationship for like 8 years, let's call her Mia. I realized I couldn't take it and asked him to break up, no judgement, it was a mistake on my part that I thought I could handle it. He didn't agree and asked if I would stay with him if we were monogamous from then on. I agreed. From then on things were fine, the question didn't come up anymore. One day we're talking about stupid pet names we can call each other and I said that I've seen some people call each other "my king/my queen" (obviously jokingly) and he laughed, but said these were already taken. That's what Mia and him have been calling each other for years. Aight, I moved past that. They've been friends forever, by that time she was now in a monogamous relationship, whatever. It's a pet name, it sticks. One day we were watching something on his phone and I realized I never asked him about the cool photo on his home screen - it was of this woman wearing a mask and the colours were kinda inverted, it looked pretty cool and it had been on his phone since the day I met him, so wayyyy before we got together. I asked out of pure interest because I had seen it on his Instagram too, I didn't expect anything really, just the name of some photographer I could look up. Well, then he said he took it. Oh, cool. Nice skills. And then he said the girl was her. Now, I get that she was wearing a mask, but with the whole king/queen situation and them being FWB for so long, and bla bla, I just felt extremely uncomfortable and asked him to change it. He didn't make a scene and agreed, but then kept forgetting for a few weeks and it took everything inside of me not to nag him (I didn't, at some point he just changed it). Me and him have been separated for quite a while now for other reasons, and are good friends, no harm no foul. I'm wondering though if this was an asshole thing to do? She was wearing a mask in the end, it's not like he was staring at her face. I'm trying to work through my issues for future relationships and I'd like to hear if this was one of those overly-jealous things to do (he was super understanding, for those of you who'll tell me to ask his opinion; but he's very understanding of many<|response|> NTA. He has a pic of the girl he banged as his background in a monogamous relationship <|endoftext|>
97349	3	AITA for refusing to give a personal phone number of a co-worker because she is with her mother that is dying? I'm a nurse and there is a hospital wide audit today. We can't find some important forms. My clinic has been without a director for 4 months and our manager (who admittedly is terrible at her job) is with her mother who is dying. Secretary gets a call and the person on the line is asking questions about the forms we can't locate. I told them our manager is out and she is who is control of that stuff. The person on the phone then demanded my manager's phone number. I refused to give it due to the fact she is with her mother in the icu. He threatens me with calling my big boss. (My clinic is ran by another company). I call my big boss and leave a message and let him know what happened. I talk to my big boss a while later and I find out who the person was I was talking to. It was the President of the hospital and he is pissed. My big boss asked me to write an apology. I told my boss that I felt I did nothing wrong, and I still don't. Hopefully I don't get fired. So not only are we at half staff, have to help auditers while with patients, I may get fired protecting my boss who I can't stand. FML.<|response|> NTA - That person should have identified themselves. Your company should have an established contact protocol or procedure for these types of situations. <|endoftext|>
141443	5	WIBTA for wanting to tell my son I've tried Marijuana? thrawy, friends and family use the same reddit account. &#x200B; My son (17) has recently been talking ALOT about marijuana, asking me what the effects on the brain are, what it feels like, etc etc. My son has no idea I have never tried marijuana, but from the way he keeps talking about it, it seems as if his friends are getting in to it, and he's probably either tried it or will be trying it- no matter what I say I know like many young teenagers, it will be something he will want to try. Where we live in Canada, it's completely legal (as long as ur 19) to now smoke, and I want to tell him I have done it so that he will actually listen to what I have to say, which is as follow; IF he really does decide to smoke, which I really don't want him doing, treat it like alcohol, dont drive, dont be alone, be safe. Of course I will do everything I can as a loving parent to say against this, but worst comes to worst, he will try it. I want to let him know I've done it so that I can better explain why he should stray away from it My ex-wife and family are telling me this is a terrible idea, calling me a terrible father for "encouraging drugs" and an asshole for even thinking this way. I feel that by telling him, he will look at me as if Im very knowledgeable on the subject, and he will either not do it, or at least be safe. WIBTA?<|response|> Nta. But come at it as a purely educational session. My daughter is 16. I have NEVER put the red button in front of her. By that, I mean I don't just say drugs are bad don't do without explanation. We have always had an open conversation about drugs and alcohol. She is currently on CBD oil for her extreme social anxiety and panic attacks. It has helped her immensely. I also had a looooong conversation about how marijuana effects different people different ways. We spoke a out the difference of all the strains, and how I have smoked on and off since I was 14. Open discussion about the effects, and taking the stigma away, is better for you and the child. I am also in Canada, it is legal for adults yes. But of course, kids do as kids do. And it's marijuana, not meth. So, let's be thankful for that. <|endoftext|>
112932	4	WIBTA for being mad at my mother? I (f17) have a pretty good relationship with my mother, but it's a problem in the way that it makes it hard for me to be/stay mad at her. heres some context I have two older brothers, who are completely hopeless and never help around the house. They're both big gluttons and they almost never clean anything, not even their own rooms. They're typical gamers, and only sit in their rooms all day in front of their computers, and they almost completely shut themselves out of the family and social life in general. So naturally, my mom is really fed up with them. Problem is, she takes her frustration about them out on me. If she's pissy about my brothers, or anything at all (she's a stressed person with a lot on her mind most of the time), she ends up getting mad, and taking it out on me. She doesn't hit or abuse me or anything, but she can get loud or speak to me in a very accusing or unfriendly tone. It's especially bad if I'm the reason she's mad. If I'm doing bad in school, or don't help her with chores, or if I go to bed too late, she gets mad at me. Last night I was up a bit too late, and she got mad at me, and said the reason I dont sleep at night is because I always sit too much with electronics. I've struggeled a lot at school the last years, and have skipped a lot bc of depression, and last night mom said she wouldn't be surprised if I dropped out of school soon. Then she went off to bed. I got really mad, because in general she is a very caring, supportive and kind mother, and I expected her to have more faith in me than to think I'd drop out bc of insomnia, depression and being shit at school. I'm going to stick out, and get an education even if it kills me to do it, and I thought she of all people, would know that. And then there was this morning. She woke up grumpy, and when I asked her if we had any pizza leftovers in the fridge (a very simple question, with no bad intent behind it), she said "Of course not, if anything like that lays visible in the fridge it doesnt last long", obviously referring to my gluttonous brothers. And she said it with this tone in her voice, like it was somehow my fault. So I got mad at her again. Now, I'm a **really** oversensitive person, and will start crying easily. So today was about to cry, which is the reason I often let it go before even confronting mom if I'm mad at her. I don't want to start crying, and my mom is the last person I want to be mad at, because when I'm upset, she's the one comforting me. But I WAS mad at her, and this time I didn't want to let<|response|> NTA. Personally I don’t think recognizing you did something wrong and apologizing or going out of your way to fix it discounts the fact that it was something You did wrong. Especially when it’s something that happens consistently like it sounds with your mother. Yeah, an apology feels nice, but I’m sure that apology doesn’t mean much considering it happens all the time. She’s talking out frustration with someone else on you and that’s never okay. <|endoftext|>
137696	3	AITA for refusing to pay for my stepdaughter's daughter's birth certificate? This is a throwaway account I created while back. I am female as is my wife. In 2016 my then 16yo stepdaughter (SD) reported physical abuse from her father (she lived with)regarding her & what he was going to do to punish her. The school called us bc the resource officer got a judge to sign off on her coming here & we drove 17 hours straight (& back) to get this kid. For months she stole from me, she lied. She ran off repeatedly. She even had my wife arrested on false DV charges. I threw her out after that. We didn't hear from her other than the occasional request for $ until Nov (the arrest was in April) & she was PREGNANT. I flew her here. For the first month, SD threatened BabyDaddy with staying here and threatening us with leaving. She worked for McDonald's for a couple of months when she got here but quit because she felt she shouldn't have to work. She spent about $400 on baby stuff before she quit working. She paid no rent, nothing for food even though that was the agreement. .She refused to get any assistance. I paid for the rest of the baby stuff- from Nov until Apr25 I paid for EVERYTHING for her and the baby. INCLUDING HER CIGARETTES AND JUUL PODS! She was stealing cigarettes from us & when I refused to buy them, she would have a MELTDOWN. BD pd 0. The baby was 8 pounds 8 ounces and 100% healthy somehow. 2 wks to the day the baby was born BD got her a flight & she took the baby BACK to stay with him & his family in the basement of his mom's house. We were told it was a visit. I got a text begging me to buy her "a ticket so we can come home". Next day she changed her mind. BD had been drinking & acted like an ass (his favorite name for her is "stupid bitch" ). **BD does not have a job nor does SD. This week is the 1st mention of moving medicaid to there - after 7 weeks!!!** Yesterday SD asked me to pay for the baby's birth certificate so she could sign up for that state's version of Medicaid - a total of $43.50 (fees & she HAD to have overnight shipping). I texted my wife & asked her & she said don't do it - it's their baby, that is such a basic thing & she should do it herself. My stepdaughter texted me the following: 1. I should pay for it because BD "couldn't be in" our state for the birth & he's "not even on the birth certificate" and "she doesn't even have his last name" & I was "so mean to him he was afraid to come here" yet I had told him it was OK. 2. Because my wife doesn't work (by our own agreement), BD "shouldn't be judged for not working".<|response|> INFO - do you have any interest in just adopting the baby from her and raising the child yourself ? <|endoftext|>
35315	2	AITA for not helping a crying student So this happened today and it’s really bugging me, it was my fourth period music class at school, around the end of the day. We had a substitute so no big deal, we were practicing piano, I was pretty much ahead of everyone so I had nothing to do. During my lunch period right before my fourth period I had drank a Liter of water so i needed to urinate pretty badly, I asked the substitute and she let me go use the bathroom. The way my school is designed makes it so that the nearest bathroom to my music class is on the semiconductor floor, so I made my way up the stairs, trying to be quiet because I don’t like making a lot of noise. When I got to the top of the stairs, just as I was about to open the door to the hallway, I saw a kid crying in the corner, he had his glasses in hand and he was sobbing pretty heavily. I stopped and asked if he was okay, he said he was fine, I asked if he needs any help, he said he was fine again. I left him and went to the bathroom, after I washed my hands I went back to where he was but he was gone. TL:DR: I saw a crying student in the stairwell during school, I asked if he was okay, he said he was fine, he clearly wasn’t<|response|> NAH - You did what you could. He clearly didn't want to talk about it. <|endoftext|>
132694	3	WIBTA Am i the toxic friend? So a couple months ago i decided to break up with my best friend for the past 3 years. I really don't know if i am in the wrong or not so i need an outsider' perspective. Some of the things he has done to me are: He came to my house nearly every day for a month making my mum drive him home because it was "free". He did not go home for usually 3 hours even if i try to tell him to go home (i can't stand up for myself that well). He talks about me behind my back to my other friends. He even did this after i gave him a second chance. He has a lot of double standards. He has tried to guilt trip me and my friends multiple times before. He constantly told one of my friends to shut up, nearly every day for 2 years. He slapped my autistic friend in the face, full force because he jokingly waved a cloth to his face. He acts and thinks that the world revolves around him. He tried to make me join his religion and whenever i told him i would think about it and to not tell anyone, he went and told his parents that i was going to join his religion. One of my friends doesn't trust him. Although he is baised since he is the one who got bullied by him. He is a lier. He followed me and my friends around (like a creep). And said that he wasn't following us around although he came outside with one of his friends as soon as me and my friends went out and followed our every movment and his friend said that they were following me around. There is some other stuff too that i don't want to share. On the other hand, he has appoligised many times and says that he really wants to be friends again. He has stopped being mean to my friends and is basically doing everything he can for me now to make up for it. This is where i am stuck as my austistic friend trusts him and wants us to become friends again, he acknoledges that he is in the wrong and i think his life is bad at home and he probally stress eats (he is quite fat). Can someone please tell me what to do. Thanks for reading this (probally) boring post. (It is my first after all).<|response|> NTA you have every right to cut toxic people out of your life and he definitely sounds very toxic. <|endoftext|>
48466	3	AITA if I ask my classmate for a BJ? Hi, so I'm a 17yo bi-curious male. Unfortunately I live in a really small town with zero chance for exploration. I've been using forums/chatrooms to sext about some of my same-sex kinks but I wish I could try that stuff IRL too. Mostly I'm interested in receiving a BJ from another guy. The thought of it turns me on. Online I've been able to find plenty of gay dudes into that sort of role-play but all of them are long distance and it's impossible to meet. The only gay person I know of from school is my classmate I'll call "Adrien". He's shy, doesn't have many close friends and we don't know each other well. However I think he's good looking and he's got the body type I like. If he were up for sucking me off, I'd let him. I have Adrien on Instagram, meaning it wouldn't be all that difficult to ask whether he's interested in hooking up. But I don't know if it's an asshole move since we're not close and if wanted me to reciprocate, I wouldn't be into that. Then again, that stuff can be negotiated. What's your verdict if I approach, asshole or not?<|response|> YTA You can't assume that just because he is gay he wants to give you a BJ. That is offensive on so many levels. Gay people don't exist for your experimentation. They are people with feelings. <|endoftext|>
151131	4	WIBTA if I uninvite a bridesmaid from my bachelorette party? On mobile so bear with me, please. I (27F) am getting married next week and my bachelorette party is this weekend. This story involves two bridesmaids, we’ll call them Ashley (27F) and Kate (27F). We’ve been friends for going on 8yrs (Kate and I have been friends for 12+yrs now). Some backstory: Ashley got engaged last June after knowing her fiancé for 6mos. Kate and I don’t know the guy super well but they seem happy so we’re happy for her - wedding is set for this Nov. Since Ashley and fiancé have been dating, Ashley has started to pull away from us. She is super flakey, cancels plans, rarely talks to us unless she needs something, despite the amount of effort Kate and I put in. A few weeks ago Ashley tells Kate and I she’s pregnant (via text). We’re surprised but happy for her. Ashley is now very hesitant to come to my bachelorette party - traditional bar crawl - and talks to Kate about this in addition to some offhand comments in the bridesmaids group text. Kate sends me screenshots, Ashley asks Kate if it’s “required to go to”. Kate informs me, and she’s upset on my behalf. We talk and I change the plans of the bachelorette party to a murder mystery dinner then drinks so Ashley might feel more comfortable with an event not completely centered around drinking. Ashley now says she’ll only go if my cousin goes and she will be leaving early - cousin is a week farther along in her own pregnancy than Ashley. Cousin is going and does not care if it would be a bar crawl. Ashley says “fine, I won’t bitch, I’ll go”. At this point, I’m kind of feeling a bit hurt, but it’s settled, everyone’s going. Today, Ashley informs Kate and I (via text) that she and fiancé have actually been married for almost a year now. Ashley’s reasoning was for insurance purposes and that they were just keeping it between them but due to the pregnancy they are now telling people. I don’t care why, I’m just really hurt she didn’t tell us. I couldn’t even imagine keeping something like that from the two of them, let alone for this long. Kate and I seem to feel the same way, and text back with congrats but are a bit surprised we weren’t told. Ashley responds saying she “isn’t feeling the love” from us. I’m shocked, I need a bit of time to process but I am happy for her. This just feels like a betrayal as she’s basically lied to us for the last year. We’ve been planning her and my wedding - there’s been plenty of conversations to slip that info into. So here lies my potential asshole-ish action. I don’t know that in a few days I’ll be ready to “party” with her as one of my best friends and celebrate a milestone in my life without still feeling betrayed and hurt. Plus, she’s made it<|response|> Uninviting her because of her secret marriage is petty. Are you better than that, or are you not? That said, your bachelorette party is optional for her now. The next time she says a word about not wanting to come, tell her you understand and will miss her but won’t be angry, as long as she gives you plenty of notice whether she’s coming <|endoftext|>
84418	4	AITA for not wanting to talk to my mother after she tried not to make my sister feel excluded? Sorry for horrible format. Long story short-ish?, i miscarried about 2 months ago. It was shitty but it was REALLY early and although that doesn't make it better, i guess i barely got time to process that i was pregnant. My partner and i were lucky enough that first time trying after the loss we fell pregnant again. After already having two kids last pregnancy i was very of the naive mind that a loss would PROBABLY never happen to me so we told most family pretty fast and although i don't think theres a magic rule of what date is ok to tell, i wanted to leave it a little longer this time after the loss as to not make it a huge thing if it happened again... I have two sisters, both higher end of teenagers. One is moved out of home and lives on her own so we are probably a bit closer with her being a bit more mature and we both talk a bit more so when i found out i was pregnant i told her. I didn't really have intentions to tell anyone for a little bit but my mum happened to call that night and we talked for a while and i decided i'd share it with her, i told her i wasn't really ready to tell anyone else though. She asked who i'd already told, i told her a close friend, and Sister1. She then expressed how i really SHOULD tell sister 2... how it's excluding her to tell one but not the other, i explain i will in time and i only told sister 1 because we just happen to talk about stuff like that more, not because i love one more than the other and i will tell sister 2 in time. She promises not to tell anyone though knowing how i feel. Skip forward literally 2 days... i decide maybe she might be partially right, and i'll just go ahead and tell sister 2. We live interstate so i just threw her a message asking if she's busy coz i wanna chat for a moment, She says no but she thinks she knows why, and she already knows... Explains that mother approached her, said "You really need to talk to Androiderrror..." when sister (who is 17 and a known extremely stubborn hothead) asks why and mother refuses to budge "you just need to talk to her" sister 2 kept pushing "what is it?! why wont you just tell me" Eventually says "is she pregnant?" and mother silently confirms. She insists its her fault not mums but i'm not mad at her at all she did nothing wrong. I feel like she purposefully tried to manipulate a situation where either i was forced/pressured into telling her, or she found out otherwise like what happened... She probably had intentions of "making sure sister 2 didn't feel excluded" But this was MY news to tell,<|response|> NTA. Had your mom not said anything your sister would likely not have been in a situation where she felt excluded anyways. I almost feel like what your mom did would make the daughter feel more excluded. Besides that though this is your news to tell and many people do not tell anyone until the start of the second trimester. <|endoftext|>
181571	3	AITA for telling my brother to clean the fuck up after himself? I am 24 and my brother is 26. I love him to bits, but he acts like a child with his habits. Usually I don't mind, but I do mind his refusal to clean up after himself at home. Bowls in the morning from cereal, orange peels, banana skin, yogurt pots, plates from dinner, you get the idea, even his washing, he refuses to bring stuff down for the wash after he has a shower, I can go on and on. He expects people to clean up after himself, and whenever I go at him to tell him to clean up he starts mocking me saying it's my job. We argue about this every time and his laziness is exhausting. His habits are not going to change, should I just be the bigger person in this situation and do his cleaning myself?<|response|> If it gets too bad, just pile his shit on his bed. He will have to deal with it then. <|endoftext|>
186648	4	AITA for holding people to high expectations at work? I manage projects and the specialists contributing to them. They write technical reports that I compile into one comprehensive report as the final deliverable. I can’t do my part and move the project forward without their contributions. I oversee the big report and overall schedule, budget, staffing, clients, etc. We work on complex projects and it can be high stress for everyone. Let me start off by admitting I am a bit of a workaholic, and I am a manager so I get paid more, though not much more, than my team members. I’m expected to do more and do well. I hold myself to very high standards, professionally and personally, and have struggled to not hold others to a similar bar. It’s hard. I’m not sure if that’s what I’m doing here. Here’s how it goes. We start a project, the team is defined, we come together with the clients and put together a high-level schedule. My internal team takes the high-level schedule back, I say to my Leads: Looks like tech reports will need to be done toward the end of the year, is that feasible? Lead: Yes, but this, that, or the other could delay things. Me: Ok, let’s aim for some time in the last 2 weeks of December, let me know your target date when you have one. Lead, a few days later: Let’s go for Dec 31. And for the next 8 weeks I’m asking for bi-weekly updates on if they’re still on schedule. All set, all on track, no problems. I give the clients bi-weekly updates. All set, all on track. No problems. Dec 26, 3 days before deadline, Lead emails: Sorry, we won’t be able to make the 31st, new target is Jan 17. I say No, everyone—7 federal agencies and 2 clients—are expecting this on the 31st. You need to make that happen. I’ll try, Lead says. This, to me, is totally unacceptable. The Lead was engaged and “on track” the whole time. I checked in regularly and specifically. I don’t have time to micromanage. I expect people to do what they say they can and will do. They’ve said to me in the past, how sorry they are I have to work late or on weekends. But to me, that’s what it takes to get the thing done I said I’d do. Again, trying not to hold people to my standards, but, when I get to set my own deadline and then commit to it to multiple people whose job my deadline affects, you bet I’m working every fucking weekend to deliver. And I’ll try not to commit to such difficult deadlines in the future, if I’m smart. I was harsh in my response to the Lead, and am still bothered by it. We are scheduling a lessons learned, and I want to know, AITA for being a hard ass (could be construed mean or bitchy) in expecting people to meet their commitments, however difficult they are? WIBTA for letting the unacceptable-ness show<|response|> INFO - Where's the scheduling disconnect happening? You're getting biweekly updates, so either it's on track for the 31st or not. If it's actually "on track" and the schedule is reasonable, why is the delay happening? It sounds like you're either not getting accurate updates, or not setting reasonable deadlines. You need to figure out where the communication breakdown is, not just rely on pushing people to meet whatever deadline was set. Also why is there not a built-in buffer for delivery to clients? <|endoftext|>
140968	2	AITA for wanting to stay home and not go visitor with my girlfriends family So let me make this clear, I have no problem with my girlfriends family but I do get social anxiety sometimes when I first think about going to do anything social. Sometimes I really just enjoy being a homebody and knocking out all of the house chores and relaxing. Especially on a Sunday when classes start again tomorrow. My girlfriend and I live together and she woke up to a call from her mom this morning asking her to drive (about an hour) to come see her and help her out by picking up her siblings from her grandparents (another hour father away). Now at this moment when she is on the phone, I am half sleeping in recovery from a full day of drinking on the river with said girlfriend the day before. She asks me if I want to ride with her to go pick up her siblings and then spend most of the day hanging out at her parents house. I told her that I would honestly like to just stay home and do the dishes and laundry that was long past needing to do and chill out at home, and I also have to work at 7 pm tonight. This triggers a shouting match because “I don’t love her as much as she loves me” and she wants me to gather her things while she’s gone so she can move out and she wants to cancel a trip to drive about 4 hours to visit my extended family that we have had planned for at least a month. She says i’m being unfair because she is willing to go so far to visit with my family for a few days while I am not willing to go visit hers with her. The way I see it, she gets to see her family way more often than I do so that’s kind of unfair. They live less than an hour from us and mine is a minimum of four and a half hours away and I rarely get to see them since i’m at college. I have met and hung out with her family before and I have no issue with them at all and I have no reservations about hanging out with them in the future, I just wanted to stay home today, so I suppose I was just being selfish and thinking about my desires first. So am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA. Is it common for her to threaten to move out? <|endoftext|>
90403	2	AITA for not letting an old roommate know he's being sent to collections over a bill he never paid. I encouraged my former roommate to move out this past May after a number of disagreements that he refused to compromise on and he was solely responsible for our internet bill (I paid electric, it was mostly the same cost). Since he moved I keep receiving mail in his name from our old provider which I assume is to collect his last bill which he said he wasn't going to pay. This past week I got a letter in his name from a company I've never heard of so I looked it up and it was a debt collector. Now me and him are very far from on speaking terms and frankly I don't care much if his credit is ruined as he's one of the most spoiled people I've met (parents paid all his bills even though they were in his name). So does this make me an asshole? How should I let him know or should I let him know at all?<|response|> NTA, mark it return to sender and post it back. Then you have achieved all you can <|endoftext|>
97788	4	AITA for kicking all my friends out my house because one of them keepings going on his social media’s while “hanging” with us? Background: A couple of my friends were over my house in my basement to hangout out. We haven’t had all of us here in a while, so we decided to do something. Three of us are 16 years, and one is 14. Me (16), Jermey(16), and Steve (16), usually hang every 2 or 3 weeks and come over to my house to chill. It always make me angry when you are trying to be with someone and they are constantly having conversations with other people either through text or Snapchat, while being with you. If you want to talk to someone so bad, then go hangout with them, don’t waste my time. My friend Steve is always snapchatting these 3 girls, every chance he gets. Or, to waste time scroll through Instagram... I’d say 80 percent of the time, hes looking down at his phone taking half face photos of himself. On the inside, I get very hurt and I refuse to let myself use my phone if not necessary, while I’m with other people. I have not said anything to him since. Today: Me Steve, Jack (14) and Jeremy we’re chilling, talking, playing videos games ping pong and monopoly in my basement, and Steve was doing the same thing he always does, go on his phone every opportunity he gets. The whole night it was pissing me off, so I’m the middle of an interactive video game where you need everyone to participate. Steve was delaying the game by being on his phone, it wasn’t bad, but it was still happening. So I turn off the tv and Xbox without warning. And tell them they need to leave my house, it’s getting late (which it was 11:45 pm). They seemed shocked, but they agreed and left. I later texted Jermey and Jack why I did that, and they told me you could have had a talk with him, you didn’t have to go that far. Too some extent I agree, but i don’t want to make someone feel bad because of a habit, it’s his life I’m not gonna tell him what to do. He’s gonna figure out the hard way, when people stop being friends with him because of this.<|response|> YTA. Talk to him about it. Explain why it's rude. Explain that it hurts your feelings. Give him a chance to rectify the behavior. And why would you kick everyone out? <|endoftext|>
7810	3	AITA Carol Accident, Fault? AITA. So I driving down a road one day and a person cuts me off and gets in front of me. This person then proceeds to pull over to the right of the road. It's a big enough road, so I think he's stopping and decide to start passing him on the left. Well this person has in fact decided to make an illegal u turn from the right side of the street without a turn signal or anything forewarning. Which results in me hitting him in the back side of his driver side. Please tell me am I the asshole or is the person making the illegal u turn? Is there any other place on reddit I could get advice from?<|response|> No. Good thing you have a police report and car insurance. <|endoftext|>
17624	3	WIBTA for going after a better education I'm going to go away to uni in a different state for a couple of years and my girlfriend and her mother thinks I'm selfish because I'm giving up my apartment and quitting my job for getting a education in a field where I think I'll be happier then I am now.<|response|> NTA it's your life, and it's not your job to support your girlfriend, who is not your wife and therefore not someone who you need to make these joint decisions with. Sometimes you need to do what's best for yourself. If she's not okay with that then she's not a great girlfriend. <|endoftext|>
163801	1	AITA For being right? Title sounds bad, fully admit that, and I swear this isn’t a validation post, but anyway, here’s the situation. I took part in a pub quiz with a few colleagues (I don’t drink booze, so that’s not a factor), with questions set by another lady I work with. This lady is easily upset over little things, we all know this and try our best be careful with what we say around her (never anything nasty, we’re all fairly good friends, but careful not to set her off, she really is a lovely person) Anyway, the question was asked: “Osteoporosis affects which part of the body?” I answer with “bones”. This was marked as incorrect with the right answer being “skeleton”. Slightly indignant, I pipe up (not sarcastically or angry, just a sort of “you what?” moment) “So what do you think a skeleton is made of?” I find out later that she went off crying, I had upset her and it was all down to my comment. So, was I an asshole? For my part, I don’t think I came across as confrontational as that’s not me at all. I chalk it up to her being over sensitive, but part of me feels really guilty for making her cry. I submit to Reddit’s judgement.<|response|> She needs to grow tf up. NTA <|endoftext|>
163300	4	AITA for being annoyed by random unplanned significant other tag alongs? So I make plans with a person to hang out. This person - without prior planning or asking how I feel about it when delivering the news - invites their significant other along at the last minute. I don't have a relationship with the significant other. I mean they are an ok person as far as I can tell, but we don't really know each other apart from meeting a couple times. This has happened a few times with different people and each time it annoys me a little. AITA for being bothered by this?<|response|> NTA, my friend does this to me all the time. It’s not bad wanting to see just your friend. I think it’s rude for people to bring others along or their significant other without a heads up <|endoftext|>
108883	2	WIBTA if I guilt my boyfriend into not attending a party tonight that I cannot attend? We live about an hour from each other and my work schedule won’t allow me to attend this party. My BF only told me about the party ten minutes ago by saying that he’s invited (not “we’re” invited) but he doesn’t know if he’ll attend. These are his friends and we’ve only dated for about 7 months. As a side note there is another party on the 29th that he’s already told me he is attending. Without me, again because of my work schedule.<|response|> Yta. If you're busy anyway what exactly is the issue with him spending time with his friends? This comes across petty and a little possessive. <|endoftext|>
98276	5	AITA for kicking my sister out of my bedroom? My sis came home today (she has her own house but visits from time to time) Today she entered my room while I was on my phone and started looking through my stuff. I had some gift bags with (surprise!) gifts, my diary, sketchbook and a comic. She asks me about the gifts and I answer her they're for my girlfriend. I look away from my phone to realise she's actually looking inside the bag without my permission at all? And even asks why I bought sth for my gf, like if I had to have a reason. At this point I stand up but before I can say anything she's already opening up my diary and asking "What's this?" I don't answer her and just take it out of her hand, more of a knee jerk reaction than anything. This doesn't stop her from asking more and more questions, about the diary (I tell her then what it is) and also opening my sketchbook. I tell her to not touch anything else, she responds that 'I seem to like her looking through my stuff because I didn't give her enough reason not to' ???? It seems because I couldn't tell her right away that my diary was personal, I was enjoying she looking inside it?? I got real mad and kicked her out of my room. I didn't scream at her, I just told her in a serious way to get out but she got all furious and stomped out. I don't get it? Did a do sth wrong? I believe all she did was uncalled for but I can't stop thinking that maybe I acted rude or unresponsive Am I the Asshole here?<|response|> NTA, your room and your personal stuff that she shouldn't be touching/going through anyways. I'm sure she would be seeing red if you went to her house, went into her room, and started looking through her things. I would, however, talk to her about this just to clear the air. <|endoftext|>
1069	4	AITA Secret Santa Mishap So, I like Secret Santa. I don't really care what I get, but I like getting gifts for people. I like trying to figure out what their interests are, find something that I think they'd really enjoy, something they wouldn't get for themselves but would want and/or appreciate. So, our school did Secret Santa and I got a guy I know. I was excited because I knew *exactly* what to get him. He and I share some mutual interests so I went and got him something I knew he'd appreciate. Well, he didn't show up to the Secret Santa event, but that's okay - he was busy and the presents are just left under the tree in the lounge so I figured he'd pick it up at some point. Except that he didn't. And people tried to contact him and tell him to get his gift, but he's just ignoring everyone's texts. The ignoring thing isn't new - he does that a lot, but I usually give him the benefit of the doubt because some people are bad at communicating. I know I can be bad at communicating sometimes. So, it's been a few days and if the leftover presents aren't picked up then the cleaning staff is planning on throwing them away. The only other present left behind is one that was handed in without a name (???). I'm really kind of put out because I was excited to get this gift for him and I put time and effort into choosing the right one - and he never even bothered to pick it up. To be clear, I'm not planning on confronting him or anything. I considered bringing the present to him or just leaving it outside his door, but would that make me seem passive aggressive? I don't want the cleaning crew to just throw it in the trash. Should I pick it up? Basically - am I being unreasonable about this? I know that in the long run, it's not a big deal. I'm just a little miffed, I guess.<|response|> Youre not really an asshole either way. He doesnt have to take the gift (but you spent money on it) so if you leave it there, its nothing on you. Bringing it to him would be fine as long as you dont say "i brought you this fucking take it this time" <|endoftext|>
136662	4	AITA for asking my date to do my laundry? Went on a date two nights ago. Night went well, we came back to my apartment to watch a movie. For some context, I have a chair in my living room that I kept a hoodie on. She decided to sit on the chair and I guess she wasn't aware that her period started, so she bled on my hoodie. The affected area was maybe the size of a bank note. She was embarrassed but I told her it's no big deal, lets just go to the laundry room together to get it washed. While I'm at it, why not bring a couple other pieces of clothing that could be washed. She looked at me blankly and said "I'm not washing this, it was an accident", and it was, but at the very least she could accompany me to the laundry room and we could both load a machine. Time is of the essence when blood on clothing is involved, so I'd rather not wait until she left to get it in there, and I'm not leaving a date in my apartment alone. I didn't have to wait long because she left minutes later with some choice words for me. Was I the asshole here? She isn't returning my texts. I honestly don't care anymore; we had a fun time and I'd like a second date, but I guess this isn't going to happen.<|response|> NTA, I understand how periods come out of nowhere sometimes and it sucks. But it was pretty immature of her to assume just because it was an accident, she wouldn't have to clean it. Imagine you were at her house, had a pen in your back pocket (forgot you had it there) and it snapped, I'm pretty sure you wouldn't hit her with the "but it's an accident, I don't have to clean it" (unless you're a dick, but you know). She might just have been embarrassed, but sometimes accidents happen that we can't control and we have to be mature about them. <|endoftext|>
23234	4	WIBTA for wanting to cut my mom off if she keeps smoking/drinking I've (25f) been debating giving my mom (50s,f) an ultimatum. Im tired of her chainsmoking when Im around and not having respect for my health. She also drinks 2-3 beers/alcoholic drinks on her normal days. This wouldnt be a problem if she didnt underestimate her limit (she weighs a lot less now but thinks she can handle it the same). She becomes so overbearing when she drinks and I always just want to leave. I do not drink or smoke, so this is important to me. I was pushed over the edge because of a trip I took with them over the weekend to visit my brothers family. Its a 10ish hour drive to and from and the whole time her and her bf smoked 1-2 cigarettes each an hour. Its their car, they're driving, I toughed it out on the way there. Now on our way back, Im sick (Sore throat, runny nose, etc.) They lit up the entire time. I told them when there was about 4 hrs left, no more smoking. I was getting seriously nauseous at that point. Im just so tired of her addictions and how she acts when I confront her about it. I just dont to be around it anymore. Would I be an Asshole if I cut her off because of these things?<|response|> NTA: I really don't think people who smoke understand how bad smoke smells to people who don't smoke but I do wonder if wanting to cut her off is extreme. Have you tried to talking to her about it? <|endoftext|>
25473	3	AITA for not sending my boyfriend pictures? My boyfriend keeps asking me for pictures of me. Not nudes but other “sensual” stuff like my thighs etc. The thing is that I suffer from social anxiety so sending someone pictures of me makes me really uncomfortable (especially since I gained some weight which I’m currently trying to get rid of). We’re in a long distance relationship (4 months) so I understand why he’d want pics but it’s not like he’s never seen pictures of me before. I also told him about my disorder and that I’m not comfortable with it. So AITA?<|response|> NTA. It's your body, and you have every right not to take pictures if you don't want to. <|endoftext|>
9613	4	WIBTA for getting angry at the woman I'm trying to adopt a dog from? This is kind of weird and long (TL;DR at the bottom), and I'm surprised it's even something I'm asking about, but I've been thinking about this dog a lot for the last week or so, so I admit that I could be overreacting to the situation. Basically, I found a dog that seems perfect, I won't delve in to excessive details, but this dog could really turn things around for me. So I filled out an adoption application, I spent hours going over it, making sure I made it look as good as possible (obviously while telling the truth) before I finally sent it in on Sunday night. After submitting the application on the website it sent me a copy to my email, so I forwarded that directly to the woman who's fostering the dog right now, since the website says to contact the foster parent of the dog you're interested in, along with your application, and I asked if there was any possibility of meeting her and the dog in person. Finally, earlier today (Thursday) she emailed me back, with this: "Thank you for your interest in **name of dog**. Sorry i missed your email. if you are still interested please complete an application form and email it to me." Initially I was very annoyed, because I already *had* completed an application and emailed it to her, but I took a couple laps to cool down so I wouldn't respond too harshly. This is how I replied: "I have been eagerly awaiting your response! I'm definitely still interested. I did forward my application along with my first email, but I'll include it here again." I think that comes across fine, I'm not worried about that, but now I'm starting to get more annoyed. Her email came in at 2:40, and I replied 10 minutes later, so I was hoping we could open up a dialog, and hopefully arrange a meeting in the coming days, but she never did end up replying. Am I wrong for being really peeved at this whole situation? I feel like the last week, all my anticipation of her response, was a huge waste because she somehow didn't see my application. I get that it would take time to read through the application, since she didn't see it on Sunday, it just seems wild to me, were I on the other side of this exchange I'd never leave someone in the dark like this. I did also work in communications for the last year, which required me to be really quick at dealing with emails, so I'll also admit that I could have abnormal expectations for others in regards to emails, which contributes to me not really knowing if I'd be the asshole here. Anyways, I'm hoping she replies tomorrow and we can work something out, but her response rate these past few days doesn't leave me hopeful, so would I be an asshole if I pressed the issue tomorrow (assuming no contact<|response|> >I could have abnormal expectations for others in regards to emails This is what it sounds like. You're approaching this as though you're a customer/client and she's a business/supplier who's fallen behind on their SLA. There *is* no SLA, you're emailing a normal person, probably with a day job and family, who is voluntarily fostering this dog on top of whatever other commitments she has. Her response times would frustrate me too, but yeah, suck it up. Sending her a snotty email does sound like potential asshole behaviour and isn't going to endear you to her. Just stick with a polite follow-up email, playing dumb if necessary, checking if there's anything else you need to provide to move forward with the process. Or ask to arrange a phone call so you can have a chat so you're not waiting on a response for days. <|endoftext|>
169152	4	AITA forcing my wife to kick her brother out? I recently graduated from HVAC school at the end of June. During this time my wife's brother was in jail for a year and was getting out. He needed a place to stay. Mind you we are cool. No problems. So my wife and I decided to let him stay. We have a townhouse with 5 kids and a dog. We let him stay and for the first month he didn't work. Going into the second month we encourage him to find a job, I took him to agencies for temps. He gets a job and quits within a week. Gets another job and quits also. By the 3rd month he goes back to what he's use to which is a moving company. During this time I have been dealing with my oldest son whom I just got custody of. He's acting out and I had to go pick him up from school for calling the police and saying kids are being shot and killed. Anywho, this is my first job after school. Because I had to leave I got fired. This is just before he came. So I was working. I got laid off just after coming. During this time he's trekking us to get rid of our family dog because he barks too much. During this time I've given him a vehicle to keep permanently. Just needed to fix a bearing on it. He asks to borrow our vehicles and during one of his borrowings he lets a friend whom I don't even know borrow it and this friend gets a parking ticket in my name. I was only notified after receiving this ticket in the mail. Anywho, its been 6 months since he's been here, still borrows our vehicle to go to work 20 Mike's away 1 way. It costs 60$ to full it up. He doesn't fill it up. We have to. In the beginning I requested 50$ a week just to hold him accountable. During the first 2 months to 3 months we basically got nothing. Now he's paying the 50$ but I've been looking at our bills and the expenses he costs (electricity, water, food, gas, internet, etc) and it's more than what he gives us. After the ticket and letting someone we don't know borrow our vehicle I have been taking it out on my wife and I'm constantly asking her to talk to him and give him 30 day notice. She knows he doesn't have anywhere to go. It's winter. Etc. I don't want to confront him because I rather not stir the pot even more and possibly cause them to become sour. So that's why I asked her to confront him. Plus it's her brother. Not only the ticket but with 5 kids we shouldn't be paying anything to take care of a grown man who is working. I'm waiting for my background check to get back and I will be employed. Looking at about a week. It's crowded here and I just want<|response|> Hm. NTA, but you would be if you forced your wife to take this on alone. Get it in writing and attempt to negotiate something where he gets out in a reasonable time (so he has time to find a place to live), but be firm in the decision that he is *leaving.* <|endoftext|>
116294	3	AITA for refusing to clean up after my disgusting housemates? So I'm a university student who has been sharing a house with four other people since last September. &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; The only communal space in the house is the kitchen. It's only a small space but so long as anyone has friends over, that's where they chill out. Most weekends I'll make the short journey back to my family home so that I can have a break from university life. My problem starts when I return. &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; Every Sunday evening without fail I'll get back to the house to find the kitchen has been turned upside down. We're talking food splashed on the worktops, oil splatters on the stove, bowls/pots full of food left laying around. The sink's plughole is usually blocked with pieces of food too. People have a tendency to use my crockery, as if they know there's a chance I'll clean up purely because it's my plate/cup/tray that's been left dirty. This irritates me. &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; I was away from the house for a week a few months back and we'd received an email informing us that some students would be coming to view the house for the next academic year. A few days later we received another email saying that the kitchen had been in such poor condition when the landlord arrived that he'd had to clean it just before the students got there, and that if it was left in that state again we'd have deposit money deducted. I understand that the kitchen is a communal space, but I was annoyed by the fact that whichever housemates had been in the house and had left it looking messy hadn't taken it upon themselves to clean it prior to the viewing. It's so disrespectful and speaks volumes when it comes to the standards these people have set for themselves and their living conditions. I have never, EVER lived in a place where the residents think it's okay to treat communal spaces like this, and I spent two years living in on-campus student halls. &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; Despite myself and another housemate (the one I knew before moving in) taking it upon ourselves to deep clean the kitchen and have an intervention with the other residents, nothing seems to be changing. I'm still coming home to a filthy kitchen, and in all honesty I don't have the time or the energy to clean the place from top to bottom; I've got work to do and classes to attend, and I really don't understand why these people can't just clean up after themselves. Not only this, but I feel that if I clean up other people's messes they'll just continue to make them, because someone else will deal with me being a slob, right? With that in mind, whenever I now walk into the kitchen and see dirty stuff everywhere, I walk back out again. This is what makes me concerned that I'm being the asshole. Should I just be taking one for the team and<|response|> NTA, but you'll be the only one suffering here. These people don't give a fuck. If it bothers you so much, explore other living arrangements. <|endoftext|>
88147	3	WIBTA if I asked my Dad to take down a photo where I look pregnant? A little background: I (24F) and my brother (22M) currently live with our parents. I'm in a 2-year-long relationship with my boyfriend. Plans are to move out next year, but in my town renting is basically equivalent to burning money, so we would want to be in a financial position to buy, and aren't yet. Relationship with my parents and brother is mostly good, perhaps a little strained as we are all pretty ready for him and me to move out, especially me. My brother was away at University for the past 4 years and moved back a couple of months ago. The house is fairly tense and small things tend to become big things quite easily. We had his graduation the other day, and we are extremely proud of him and took lots of lovely pictures with him. However, today my Dad posted a picture of the four of us together from the day and I indisputably look pregnant in it, I guess because of the angle and because my dress was loose. I'm not pregnant and there is no way I could be. Please bear in mind this isn't me being overly dramatic, I showed several people the photo and they all agreed it looks like I have a significant bump. Obviously there is nothing wrong with being pregnant, but my family run in some fairly snobby and bitchy circles, and within a week I will probably start getting backhanded congratulations once it filters back through to people I know. People tend to view me as a bit of a screwup because I dropped out of University a few years ago, so they'll see it that way. I know it sounds silly to care about people whispering about me behind my back with regard to something so silly, but it's been happening for years now and I'm really sick of it. I'm in a really good place and I really don't want people sniggering behind their hands at me. Ordinarily I would just ask him to crop me out or remove the photo, but I don't want to seem selfish and I don't want to cause an argument by coming across like I'm trying to make his fantastic achievement about me. So Reddit, WIBTA if I asked him to crop the photo or swap it for a different one?<|response|> NAH But if you’re really bothered by what these other “snobby” people think, then maybe you’re not in as good of a place as you think you are. <|endoftext|>
80433	3	WIBTA if I chewed out my best friend for not talking to me for a month? My friend decided to cut me (and his other friends) out without warning. He said that he doesn’t think we’re as good friends as he initially thought, and that he needs space to figure it all out. It’s been a month. He didn’t tell me why so it led me and his other friends to extrapolate that he’s going through it mentally and that he’s isolating bc he doesn’t know how to deal with it (he’s told us that he’s on antidepressants and that he’s looking for a therapist so depressive symptoms aren’t crazy to consider). We’re also extrapolating, based on context, that his new boyfriend, who’s also depressed, is convincing him that we don’t actually like him (not a dig at the BF just a matter of fact: sometimes people with mental health problems become codependent). My friend also has had issues with alcohol. He’s not quite an alcoholic, but he does use alcohol as a crutch for negative emotions, so often times when he discloses his emotional well-being, he’s drunk and doesn’t remember the next day. I’m understandably mad at him for cutting me off because he’s not communicating and not telling us what’s wrong so we can deal with whatever it is that’s bothering us. But instead he’s just ignoring us. I guess my biggest question is: WIBTA for chewing him out? I plan on handling it more like texting him “You’ve deeply upset me by cutting me out of your life without warning and without explaining to me what I did wrong. Not giving me an opportunity to fix it is childish and you’re not giving me the same respect I’m giving you. I wish you the best but I don’t know if our relationship can ever be the same because of what you’ve done” instead of yelling but still. I don’t want to be the dick here.<|response|> YTA. You want to chew him out for cutting you off and tell him you don’t think your friendship can recover? Dude, the friendship ship has sailed. Let it go. <|endoftext|>
23806	3	AITA for not wanting my bf to smoke / vape in the bedroom? He can vape anywhere else in the house, smoke outside but not in the bedroom. I don't like the smell and it gives me headaches when I try to sleep. I feel like it's a fair compromise, however he continues vaping in the bedroom and uses the argument that he only does it when I'm not there (which is not true, he does it when he thinks I'm sleeping). I feel disrespected because it's been years since I've asked him first but he only seems to think about how it's unfair to him to not be able to vape whenever and wherever he wants.<|response|> NTA, he is being an ass. You have every right to keep your bedroom clear of shit that knowingly induces headaches. <|endoftext|>
112792	4	AITA for Worrying About Not Finding My Wife Attractive Post-Gastric Bypass Surgery? My wife and I have been married 19 years and for all of that time she has been overweight. She has been anywhere from 215 to nearly 310 pounds. She has decided to have gastric bypass surgery next month. I fully support her in this decision. I’ve always been attracted to thicker, curvier women. However, I am worried that as she loses weight, I won’t find her as attractive sexually. AITA for feeling that way?<|response|> NTA for having worries. From my experience - my sister had GB surgery a year ago. She went from 300 to 150lbs. Literally lost half her weight. She's more active and happy now. Her confidence is through the roof (she left an an awful relationship). Even if you are less attracted sexually you may find yourself more attracted to her in other ways. <|endoftext|>
121843	1	AITA for 'threatening' to end a close friendship with said friend being severely depressed We've been close friends for 4 years. During that time we both hit our lowest with depression and he was one of my strongest anchors during it (I relied heavily on my friends as they were my main support). We both got better, I left school for the rest of the year to 'survive' and recovered within approx. 6 months (no longer depressed) and he got better but not 'cured'. &#x200B; Through the depression I had a migraine every week or so. But that then got worse and for the past year and a 1/2 I've had chronic migraines with it starting at 4 a week and now for the past 3 months being everyday. These were almost always (are now always) severe, incapacitating migraines, being constant 9-10/10 (pain) migraines Also due to a rare diagnosis of spinal leaks, they're very prone to get worse with any kind of vertical movement i.e. sitting, standing which essentially caused me to be bedridden and not able to attend classes or do much of anything for the past 6 months. &#x200B; During this half year my friend's depression got worse. Not as bad as it had been but really bad (took medical leave multiple times etc.). He was already bad at online communication but with school which he somewhat despised and the worsening depression it got worse. He and most of my friends dropped communication with me due to my physical absence. I did however reach out to them enough to have a kind of social life. Wasn't the case with him. Despite me trying to text/talk with him, he almost never replied. &#x200B; This changed when he got a girlfriend who is also depressed. I was friends with her so this created a new cycle where the only responses I got from him were either asking me to help talk her down when they struggled and the more common one of 'help gf'. She was my friend so I obviously helped and ended up doing so a lot. I don't blame her for any of this because she needed help and because of her partner who wasn't able to deal with it majority of the time (depression) and an unhealthy relationship with her parents, she needed more. I ended up doing a crap ton of chaos management. &#x200B; My only hopes through this half year was that when breaks happened he and I'd get to spend time together online. During breaks the responses I got were either today isn't gonna work because of business, attempted coping or variations of 'maybe' aka no. Near the end of the break, he confirmed with me that today was the day, we'd hang/play games together. We arranged a time and I started getting excited. After about an 2 hours past said time I texted asking whats going on and he replied that he was playing with a friend that he'd had over at his house twice in the break for a few days at<|response|> Sorry for any choppy sentences or summarized ideas I had to cut stuff out to be under the character limit. <|endoftext|>
135077	3	AITA for calling CPS. my brother 27m has a 8 year old daughter, he decided when he got full custody of her (her mother did cocaine and ended up in prison) he would sign her up to do child beauty pageants. at first I did not care untill his daughter told me that sometimes she is kept awake untill 1 to practice her walk, and she has been missing school as pageants are more important. he also feeds her a special diet of basically nothing. her breakfast is a banana and she gets nothing else until lunch. I decided to call the police on him, my family found out and I'm now the worst human on this planet and I've been blocked by all of my family members. did I do something wrong? am I the asshole?<|response|> NTA, a child should not be kept up late with bare minimum food. You’re in the right <|endoftext|>
183921	4	AITA that I don’t want to do Santa with my kids? I posted something similar in unpopular opinions but since then I’ve realized that my mother in law actually thinks I’m being an asshole for “depriving” my 3 year old of Santa. For the past 2 christmases when Santa hasn’t really been relevant because my daughter was too young to know what was going on, we’ve talked with my in laws about how we’re probably not doing santa. I have my reasons. I’m not that into it, I don’t want to lie to my kids, I hate how people use santa as a way to behave, and I want credit for gifts. The last reason is the least important but it is still a reason. Incidentally it’s the only one my husband agrees with lol. Anyway we’re at my in laws and my MIL just told me she told my daughter that Santa was her helper. And I said, yeah but we’re going to say the gifts are from grandma and grandpa. She got pretty upset and said my daughter was going to ruin Christmas for everyone at school. I said I would talk to her about not ruining and she said, “no, she will ruin it.” Then she got visibly upset and started moping around the house. You would think I’d murdered santa. Also, she knew this was coming. I’ve always said we probably won’t do santa. I had a conversation with my husband and he agreed she’s upset that we’re not doing santa. What he’s gathered from passive aggressive side comments, exasperated sighs, and moping is that she thinks we’re unnecessarily robbing our daughter of the magic of Christmas and that we’re going to ruin it for everyone. My husband mostly agrees those things are true but is also trying to respect my desire not to lie to our daughter. It appears both of them think I’m an asshole. My plan is to just say that santa is a fun story and it’s great to pretend but it is pretend. We can still talk about Santa and play along like all the other pretend things my 3 year old does. She’s not really Elsa, but that doesn’t make pretending to be Elsa any less fun. My MIL is way too passive aggressive to have a conversation with me about this, but if she did I would explain that we can still play pretend while fully acknowledging it’s pretend. Instead she took out some bells she had and said to no one in particular, “I guess we don’t need these anymore.” So, am I the asshole?<|response|> NAH. You can raise your daughter as you want. However, you could be placing the grandparents in a tough position if their other children do have or will have children who will believe in Santa. <|endoftext|>
149080	2	AITA for arguing with a customer over £1.55? I work at a mid/high end retail store in the UK. It was a busy Saturday and I already had my fair share of knobheads so wasn’t in the best of moods. During a particularly busy flurry of people a somewhat entitled man came to the till with a shit heap of clothes. After scanning them all in the conversation went as follows: OP: That’ll be £351.55 EM: Can you take the £1.55 off? I don’t deal in change. OP: I’m sorry? EM: I don’t like having change so can you take the £1.55 off so it’s £350? OP: I mean, I can’t just take money off. EM: Yes you can. OP: If you don’t like change I will round it up to £352. The entitled man didn’t like this and started yelling. EM: I am not paying more money, you’re already getting £300 from me I’m not paying any more! OP: If I do this for you then the customers behind you would want the same treatment. I myself started to get annoyed. OP: Look, sir. I’m sorry you don’t like change, but I can’t just take money off willy nilly. Otherwise I’ll go into a shop and tell them I don’t like spending more than £10 so can they knock the price of an item to £10. At this point my manger came and asked what was wrong. I told him the customer didn’t want to pay the full amount because he doesn’t like change and wanted to pay less. They exchanged words including the whole “customer service is our priority” and “I am going to Facebook with this” (I did laugh at this). Come the end my manager told him we could reduce his purchase to £350 and I was in the wrong. This was at the weekend and I am currently waiting outside the office for a disciplinary and a lesson on customer service. So, Reddit, AITA? TLDR: Customer wanted to pay £350 instead of £351.55 because he doesn’t like change. I said no and am now getting a disciplinary. EDIT: Thanks everyone for your advice. I understand I could've brought the manager over straight away, but being a supervisor I felt I had enough authority to say no. In regards to the 0.44% comments, yes I get it's so little, but if EM has such a problem with change he should work around that in what he buys. In regards to the disciplinary, the area manager for our region needs to be present. It will be in the next week. From the way my manger was, I think he realised his mistake in making me look like the bad guy, so kudos to him I guess. I will update with the outcome. Peace out xx<|response|> You can't just barter in UK shops. What the fuck? NTA. <|endoftext|>
116511	4	AITA for telling my coworker to stop eating my food ? A little background. I'm a hairdresser , and in my profession , breaks are not always promised. When I do get a few spare minutes throughout my day, I can really only spare enough time to quickly shove some food in my mouth and go . We each have a tiny cubby with our name on it to put our snacks / cutlery/ etc in. I live alone and am in my early 20's. I try to be healthy , so i try to make my food last because it is more expensive . But for the few months or so , my coworker Lori (53F) who happens to be my boss's mom, has been taking my snacks out of my cubby and leaving me literal crumbs. A few times when I have to leave it out to take a client or go smoke , I will come back to a much smaller portion of food then when I left. So today I had enough . I was hungry. I was annoyed. I confronted her , sternly as she was holding my big bag of flavored almonds in her hand just digging right in . I asked her if she liked them , and where she got them from . She said found them in my cubby. I said "know where I got them from ? Target. They're 8.99. If you want more you'll have to get them from there and not from my cubby. You need to ask before you take from now on" She was not happy. She slammed the bag down and stormed off. She told my boss , and coworkers , and my boss thinks that I was an asshole to her mom and hurt her feelings .My coworkers also sided with her mom. My boss says it shouldnt matter if her mom eats my food , her mom shares with me "all the time" . And my coworkers tell me that I shouldn't have made a big deal over something so small . But I'm sick and tired of being stranded with no food at work. So AITA ?<|response|> Nta. She's stealing from you. I'd say oh dear I'm so sorry, does that mean everyone's food is share food? Then help yourself to food from everyone's cubby. A different person every day, take the majority of their food and see how they like it. Also get a bag with a lock on it so they can't take your food anymore. <|endoftext|>
19724	3	AITA for breaking up with and not wanting to talk to my ex girlfriend Me and my girlfriend broke up recently. Our relationship wasn't good for a number of reasons but namely that our mental health clashed too much for us to be happy. I have severe depression and she has really bad anxiety. Throughout our relationship I was putting my needs on the back burner when she needed me because "a depressive episode isn't as bad as an anxiety attack". This mindset only made my depression worse. Eventually I broke up with her because I realised I wasn't happy anymore. We stayed friends to start with but had a hook up a few weeks after I broke up with her since then we've been ignoring and avoiding each other. About two weeks ago she got admitted to hospital with a high fever. I knew some friends were going to visit her so I didn't go, not knowing where we stood and not wanting to ask. The other day, however, she messaged me, just asking how I was. I asked why the late message (since it was 2am) and she started to talk about how lonely she'd been at the hospital. And how "i guess no one cares about me as much as i thought". Obviously I felt bad for her, but it ws exactly this kind of talk that made my depression so bad I had to leave the relationship. I told her in no uncertain terms that "I don't want to listen to this anxiety ridden self consciousness over and over again" and that "I'm not your therapist". She responded that she only wanted to talk, but that she gets it. Am I the asshole? I feel like it TLDR; I broke up with a girl over her anxiety and then refused to talk about to her when she got out of hospital because it makes my depression worse.<|response|> NTA: I might be an anomaly for saying this, but you’re not the asshole. At some point in your life, you’ve got to put your own mental health first - you can’t take care of others if you’re not taking care of yourself. <|endoftext|>
78538	4	AITA for not wanting my brother to come on vacation with me? My (F17) family used to go on these beautiful vacations all around Europe when I was younger. The most recent trip being when I was 13. I’m a senior in high school and going out of state for college. Before I go my mother wants to take me on one more trip to anywhere in Europe I’d like. I’m super appreciative towards the gift and my mother knows this! However my brother (21) found out about it and is wondering A) why he didn’t get to do this when he graduated high school B) if he can come on the trip with us First of all he didn’t get a trip because he isn’t going to college and he got a super nice computer. I’m not sure of the price but he built it himself and I know it was expensive. Second of all he has never enjoyed himself of vacations. Every time we go anywhere all he does is complain that he’s tired, hungry, bored... He will basically complain until the whole family has to stop and we just go find a McDonald’s or something that has wifi we can use. I’ve expressed my opinions to my mom and she feels the same way. However my brother is autistic and he has a lot of social issues. He has trouble expressing his emotions so if something ever goes wrong when we’re out he gets really angry and will cause a scene. He also doesn’t have any friends. He doesn’t get out of the house much and I feel bad. I would love to have him come with us if he was going to have a good time. But I know he won’t and he’ll ruin the trip for me and my mom. Please let me know Reddit AITA?<|response|> NTA. Although this one has grey areas, I’m going NTA on this one. I reckon some would say YTA just because your brother is autistic, but, I don’t buy that as an excuse to need to be involved in absolutely everything. He got his gift (the computer) and now you’re getting yours. If he goes on holiday with you, are you going to get a brand new computer or laptop or whatever the same as he did? Perhaps pose this question and see what the answer will be then. <|endoftext|>
123453	3	AITA for "tattling" to the husband? A friend of mine in another state has been going through a rough time with both his employment status and his health. He is married, with a couple of kids and another kid from a previous relationship. He has never been one to really accept charity and wouldn't really ask for help, and I wanted to help out a little. Now, his wife happens to be a very talented artist and her and I share a love for a certain video game franchise, I wanted to get a new tattoo and I commissioned her to draw something for me that was themed around this game. I paid everything up front, in two payments, along with a 25% tip on top of it because while definitely want what I'm paying for this whole thing to was help them out in a way that didnt make him feel like he was taking charity. This agreement and the payment was made back in January, and I realized that she had kids to take care of etc. so I asked if could get it on Apr. 1st which gave her about 2 months to finish. Cut to Apr. 1st. She has been completely unresponsive to my attempts contact her for about two weeks by now. Standard texts like "Hey, how are things coming?" and stuff like that have been totally ignored. Finally on the 3rd, knowing that due to the way the deal went down I wouldn't have anyway to get that money back, I contacted my friend (the husband) to see what the hell was going on. Up until this point he had no idea that any of this was going on or that I had given her money or anything. He apparently spoke with her, I'm not sure how that went down or anything, and she did contact me shortly afterwards with an apology but I still haven't gotten the piece. AITA for bringing husband into it when it was a deal between her and I? I feel like I played dirty by siccing him on her and possibly causing issues in his marriage.<|response|> NTA she didn’t leave you much choice and if he’s your friend it’s fair to ask when she ignores you. <|endoftext|>
59730	4	WIBTA if I asked my friend for money back that she owes me before replacing her car I have been living with my roommate and her young child for the last 18 months. We've been friends for over 20 years and helped each other out of bad relationships. When we first left our relationships, we had nothing. I had to give up my car because it was in his company's name. We were living in a homeless shelter. Not having a car was a problem, because I drive for a living. So my friend says I can use her car for the time being. Great. We look for an apartment, and had agreed to get a 2 bedroom to save money. Her and the kid can share a room, split the rent 50/50. But then she changes her mind and says we should get a 3 bedroom, so we don't outgrow it. She says she'll pay the difference in rent, so this is fine by me. We find the perfect apartment and she doesn't have her portion of first and lasts deposit. So I pay it. She says she'll pay me back. I'm making good money at my job, and she's on assistance, so I want to help and I pay the rent for the first summer. Then Sept-Dec I pay 75%. Then starting in January we're each paying half. Now in Feb that car dies. So I buy a new one. Keep in mind, this car was purchased 4 years prior for 2 grand. It owed us nothing. Now she has decided that she wants the car. She wants to drive to school that's 3 blocks away, and drop her kid off at school that I can literally see from the porch of the apartment. So I'm expected to buy another car. I don't really care about all the extra rent I paid, I wanted to help her out, but WIBTA if I asked her to pay me back for her half of the rent deposit, and tell her she has to pay the agreed upon extra rent before replacing the car? I feel like she's taking advantage, and I'm the sucker for not speaking up sooner.<|response|> NTA I was all ready to say it makes more sense to focus on the car since you also use it, but if this is a conversation about ways to get an additional car in the mix... yeah that's not going to fly. It sounds like you are sinking a lot of money into the situation under the pretense that she would be covering some of these expenses. You need to have a long conversation about how to make this situation work. Best of luck! <|endoftext|>
60046	3	AITA for letting my younger brother watch The Conjuring under certain conditions? I'm 16f and my brother's 12. We're on vacation rn and my parents only let us bring dad's laptop, which he works on, so none of us can actually use it for fun. One of my friends (16f also) came over to hang out and she brought her laptop. We decided to watch The Conjuring because she had it downloaded. My brother came back from the beach at the beginning of the movie and he wanted to watch with us. I told him it's a horror movie and he's too young for it, which made him bother us even more and he started blocking the screen. So I told him he could sit down and watch if he'd cover his eyes every time I told him to. I already more-or-less knew the jump scares because I'd seen the movie before. He listened to me and so we watched about 30 more minutes together when my mom came over and took interest in what we were doing. I explained my brother was covering his eyes at the scary scenes, but she still yelled at me and said he's too young to watch any of that movie. Do you think I was the asshole even though I protected him from the "bad" stuff?<|response|> I'm a man in my 40's and that movie messed with me for a good while afterward. YTA just because your mom didn't want him to watch the movie and I think you knew that. Mitigated somewhat though because he insisted and it's not like he's a small child. <|endoftext|>
192323	3	AITA for telling my mom that my wife is struggling to find a job? Wife is embarrassed Wife of 1 yr quit job 2 months ago because boss made several promises then backtracked. We don’t have financial issues, I supported her quitting, because she was being jerked around. She has had several phone interviews and is going on an onsite soon. Wife told me yesterday she felt bad that she still hadn’t gotten a job and thought it would be easier. I think though that she has had a lot of luck for only two months and not to worry, and I told her so. Later on my phone wife sees texts from my mom: I talked to my friend about it, he thinks she should call the places she hasn’t heard from Wife gets upset - says she hasn’t shared her fears with anyone but me, because she doesn’t like to be pitied and she is embarrassed. Says she doesn’t want unsolicited advice from people not in her field who can’t help. Says she has told everyone she is looking for work and gives them I truly didn’t mean anything bad!! Since everyone knows she is looking for work, I didn’t know this was an overshare or embarrassing. AITA? TLDR; I told mom that wife is down because she hasn’t found a job in two months. Wife is upset I told my mom her private struggles. AITA?<|response|> YTA , but only a little one. Youre probably used to sharing everything with your mother, but she's not your wife's mother. The extra details about how she's feeling and specific day to day circumstance are shared only between you two. <|endoftext|>
37103	3	AITA for cutting contact with my religious mom over her financial decisions? 2 months ago, I received a strange email, in my spam box about an incoming foreclosure, from someone who apperently wanted to help. I dismiss it as nonsense, only to receive similar emails over the next few days. I ask my Mom about it and she informs me that the house is in danger of foreclosure. I'm upset by this because I wasn't told. Turns out she's actually been behind on the mortgage since September, fell behind because of a car issue. Despite falling behind in the mortgage, she continues on with her plan to leave her job in January. She's a smalltime author who's gotten a niche Christian book published. She planned to quit and "work fulltime as a writer." When she got her first royalty check, she sold 24 copies and made a little over $100. Over the past month, I've been freaking the fuck out, not knowing what to expect, calling dozens of apartments. I was looking for a solution for myself because she was convinced and my sister was enabling it. The complete irresponsibility led me to believe she's gone fucking mental. When I ask her what's gonna happen she says "It's none of your concern." Something along those lines. I do some online detective work and then find out the house has officially been sold. I get in touch with a realtor who explains it all. After scrambling to find somewhere to stay, despite not making enough to live independently, (or so I thought) I am now typing this from an apartment where I've subleased, with 2 months paid for through this grant at my college. I didn't tell my mom I was leaving until about a week before it happened. She took it pretty normally, which is bizarre to me because I expected her to throw my things onto the lawn and call me Satan ir something. When I packed all my things and left with my friends who were helping me move, I planned to never talk to her again. I ignore her text asking for my new apartment number and then she calls me. I tell her I'm upset with her for her actions and needed my space. She goes on about me thinking logically and even once called it "carnal", while she goes "God's way." Even last year, when she told me her plans, I told her it would make more sense to wait until you make enough off of your writing and are sure you can make a living off of it before quitting your job. She just shrugged it off. Throughout all of this, she believed her niche book would make her a millionaire and would even visit large properties in the boonies which she planned to have a custom built house. Now, she still is in the house, though I imagine she and my sister will get kicked out whenever the paperwork is processed. They're moving back to the apartment we left before moving into the house. Her<|response|> NAH. You're an adult, she's an adult. She can make her own decisions and you're entitled to not want to stick around because of those decisions. <|endoftext|>
188612	3	AITA for not attending a friend's party because my ex would be there? (Sorry in advance for any mistakes, English is not my first language) Just a little backstory... My ex broke up with me; he told me at the time he couldn't handle a serious relationship, as he was focused on other professional and academic projects. Less than a month after we split, he was dating another girl, and still really hurts me to see him with another person. Me and my childhood friend were classmates for more than 12 years; we don't talk that much but we know each other for a long time, so I know his parents and I'm always invited for his birthday parties. So, as every year, my friend invites me for his b-day party. He makes a group chat with everyone that was going, and I see that my ex and his girfriend would be there. After some days of thought, I decide not to go. I tell my b-day friend I had a family meeting and couldn't go, and then I left the group chat. After being asked by some close friends the reason why I was not there, I was sincere and told them I was not comfortable and confident enough to go. My male friends said it was childish and selfish of me to miss a old mate's party just because of a ex boyfriend on a happy relationship. My girl friends, on the other hand, said it was a wise decision, if I was just trying to avoid to be haunted by something I was trying to overcome. AITA?<|response|> NTA (Your friends who called you selfish are) You really don’t owe them anything. Put your own mental health above all. Seeing the two of them together clearly would’ve been torture for you the entire party, so I think you made the right choice in not going. At some point, you will work up the confidence and self-esteem to not be bothered by it anymore. It’s okay to take your time. <|endoftext|>
146797	4	AITA for deliberately avoiding a friend as much as I can? My friend Alex and I became friends with each other as well as with some other people in our friendship group (around 8 of us) at the start of High School. But a year or so ago, Alex started to get on my nerves for a lot of reasons, mainly because he was always following me around and clinging to me (Alex is really shy and anti-social) and I was getting sick of always being the one having to look out for him, as no one else in our group was making as much of an effort to include Alex in day-to-day conversation (not in a malicious way, they simply don't notice, probably because we're a big group and because Alex speaks very little and quietly). So I began to dislike spending time with Alex. It's gotten to the point that, if Alex were to disappear or move to another school tomorrow, I would probably be relieved. In fact, sometimes I wish he would. So 6 months ago I began to subtly avoid Alex, and it's been that way ever since. This does not mean I ignore him if he speaks to me, but I make the barest minimum effort to spend time with him, and I don't seek him out. I pretend not to notice Alex if I see him around the school, but if Alex approaches me, I talk to him normally. I also don't avoid/ignore Alex all the time. If Alex sits next to me, I talk to him. When we are with the rest of our group, I make an effort to include him in conversation, because I still don't want Alex to be hurt. To my knowledge, Alex has absolutely no clue that I'm doing this, because again, I am very subtle and I am not trying to hurt his feelings. I know it would be so much simpler to just tell Alex how I feel about everything, but it's much harder than it sounds. I'm a very anxious person, and I have autism, too, so even just thinking about confronting Alex has me freaking out. Our friendship group is the only group of friends Alex has at school, and I don't want to take that away from him. We also only have one year left, and I don't want to start this drama so close to the end. We're already all stressed with exams, and throwing this in would just make everything worse for everyone, especially Alex. So I feel like slowly distancing myself from him will be better for both of us in the long run. I'm really not trying to be malicious about it. I just don't know any other way to deal with this issue. I also want to make it clear that I don't really think Alex is an asshole, so the verdict should either be NAH or TA. So Reddit, AITA?<|response|> Id say NTA, but i think you should stick with it for that little time, that you have together. Ofcourse in the end its your choice. <|endoftext|>
24037	3	AITA for not loving my parents anymore? As I've grown older I cant help but notice how bad my parents have been at parenting. (keep in mind both of my siblings have autism). Am I the Asshole for not loving them even though they are my family? &#x200B; Dad: \-He is a christian with pretty radical beleifs like obama=antichrist, women are directly inferior to men, driving on highway for miles without gas to test gods protection, etc (will be important later). \-He would often threaten me and my brothers to do what he wanted or else we wouldparents get hit. Whether it was to do the dishes for him, or if it was unsuspecting childsplay (this was from the age range of 5-10). \-Got divorced and lives in his siblings basement at the time. \-He decides to leave us (over 1000 miles away) because he likes this church dude online. this leads to my younger brother feeling lonely \[8yo\]. \-has been a dick just to feel powerful(intentionally fucked up my hair and refused to fix it until i started to cry \[9yo\])(hit my older brother for doing his basic autistic behavior\[10yo\])(refuses to let my brothers and i to get passports and gives no solid reason (not even an exaggeration he can't give us a reason) &#x200B; Mom: \-been yelled at for simply saying "I miss our old house, it was fun" \[9yo\] \-has always told me that i have no reason to be sad whenever i was feeling down \-Whenever i transferred from parent to parent, it reminded me of the divorce which made me sad. My mom saw me sad, called me manipulative without letting me explain, and i got beat. I didnt even say anything, i just looked sad.\[8yo\] \-When i asked for a ds for 2 years straight, parents said no everytime. When i make enough money to buy one \[7yo\], my brother just asks for one in the store and he gets one too. \-younger brother got a $50 wii game every week for being good, while I didnt get anything even if I worked hard in school academically. My brother got 15 games by the end of it all. Then my moms excuse was "i cant afford that sweetie" \-When I was 10, I had no close friends, and nintendo video games were the one thing that made me happiest. I wanted a wii u for the next smash bros, cause I knew i would enjoy myself and my mom hit and yelled at me for being excited for christmas. (I ended up paying for 2/3rds of my own present, the only thing i wanted) \-younger brother is academically behind because nobody ever pushed him hard enough to succeed, now both parents are just giving up on my younger brother going to a college (he has autism but he also has more potential than anyone has given him credit for and it makes me really sad) &#x200B;<|response|> NTA. As someone from an abusive household myself its not wrong. Its hard to love people who are just plain shitty. <|endoftext|>
