Bad Medicine	1	Below-average pre-medical student Jeffrey Marx (Guttenberg), after being rejected by prestigious medical schools, is sent by his father (Bill Macy) to a seemingly sub-standard medical school in Central America. Jeffrey eventually discovers the plight of local villagers in need of medical assistance. With the help of fellow students (including romantic interest Hagerty), he illegally provides medical services to the villagers. Eventually, the school's authoritarian dean (Arkin) discovers the students' activities and decides to prosecute. However, the dean dismisses the charges at the urging of the villagers.
Beach Party	1	"An anthropologist, Professor Robert Orville Sutwell is secretly studying the ""wild mating habits"" of Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use strange surfing jargon. After he temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper, the leader of the local outlaw motorcycle club, who was making unwanted advances on Dolores, she develops a crush on the Professor. Her surfing boyfriend Frankie becomes jealous and begins flirting with Ava, a Hungarian waitress. Meanwhile, Sutwell's assistant Marianne further develops her crush on the Professor. Von Zipper and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in the end by the surfing teenagers."
Nazrana	1	Raj (Raj Kapoor) and Vasanti (Vyjayanthimala) are college mates who clash when she complains to the college principal about a love letter he sent her. Later on, realizing her mistake, Vasanti apologizes to him and the two fall in love. Vasanti's elder sister, Geeta (Usha Kiron), supports the family by stitching clothes. Raj rents the room upstairs in their house. He falls ill and in nursing him, Geeta falls in love with him. She confides her love to Vasanti, who decides to sacrifice her love for the sake of her sister and convinces Raj to marry Geeta. Raj initially neglects Geeta. On finding out, Vasanti writes to him that their sacrifice, made for Geeta's happiness, would mean nothing unless he is a good husband to Geeta. Raj relents and marries Geeta and they have a son. Vasanti joins them and Geeta suspects that there is something on between Raj and Vasanti and makes Vasanti leave the house. A few years later, Geeta, having found out that Raj and Vasanti loved each other, dies in guilt leaving Raj alone to bring up their child, making him promise that he will make Vasanti the child's mother. Raj learns of Vasanti's impanding marriage to her former boss (Gemini Ganesan). By the time he reaches there, Vasanti is already married. He hands over his child to Vasanti as a wedding gift and walks away.
Ulakam Chuttum Valiban (ഉലകം ചുറ്റും വാലിബൻ)	1	Jayashankar (Jayaram) is a wholesale vegetable vendor who lives with his mother and only sister Kalyani (Mithra Kurian). Jayashankar is in debt and goes to city to meet his relative Sethumadhavan (Suraj Venjaramoodu) to borrow some money to straighten things. There he finds out that his relative is not a successful businessman but rather, a successful thief. He recruits Jayashankar to thievery and throughout the movie, everyone is confused whether Jayashankar is a thief or a police officer (sub-inspector). Unexpectedly, TV channel Presenter Varsha (Vandana Menon) and her brother CI Saajan Joseph (Biju Menon) enters the life of Jayashankar. Varsha wants Jayashanker to appear in her Street Reality show programme. Saajan Joseph, who is vain and enamored with his own personality and beauty. In the end, Saajan Joseph and Jayashankar joins hands to bring down a corrupt politician (Suresh Krishna) and care for his family.
The Avenging Conscience	1	A young man (Henry B. Walthall) falls in love with a beautiful woman (Blanche Sweet), but is prevented by his uncle (Spottiswoode Aitken) from pursuing her. Tormented by visions of death and suffering and deciding that murder is the way of things, the young man kills his uncle and builds a wall to hide the body.The young man's torment continues, this time caused by guilt over murdering his uncle, and he becomes sensitive to slight noises, like the tapping of a shoe or the crying of a bird. The ghost of his uncle begins appearing to him and, as he gradually loses his grip on reality, the police figure out what he has done and chase him down. In the ending sequence, we learn that the experience was all a dream and that his uncle is really alive.
Mad Bastards	1	Years ago, TJ (Dean Daley-Jones) abandoned his wife and son, and as time passes his conscience tells him it's time he began facing up to his responsibilities as a father. TJ is an Aboriginal man living in Western Australia and has a weakness for alcohol and a habit of getting into fights. As it happens, TJ's son Bullet (Lucas Yeeda) is nearly as troubled as he is; at the age of thirteen, he's already been arrested for arson and instead of serving a sentence in a juvenile detention home, he is released to the custody of his Elders. Bullet isn't anxious to reacquaint himself with TJ, but both realize they need to settle their scores with one another, and Bullet's Grandfather Texas (Greg Tait) steps in to help.
Working Girls	0	Two sisters from Indiana, Mae and June Thorpe, move into a house for homeless girls in New York. With June's help, Mae obtains a job as a stenographer for scientist Joseph von Schraeder, while June gets work as a telegraph operator. June begins dating Pat Kelly, a saxophone player who lavishes her with gifts. Mae begins to date Boyd Wheeler, a successful lawyer. Mae turns down a marriage proposal from von Schraeder, and von Shraeder asks that she then quit her job so he will not be hurt by having her around. Mae compromises her virtue with Boyd by staying alone with him one night in his apartment. She suffers for her choice when he goes out of town for a month and returns engaged to a socialite.Now, June derides Mae for trusting someone from a higher class. As her sister has been out of work for months, June goes to von Schraeder, who kindly offers to rehire Mae. He realizes, however, that he is really in love with June. After her first week back at work, Mae asks von Schraeder to renew his proposal, as she is pregnant. He does so graciously, but on the eve of her engagement party, Boyd returns, his engagement having been broken. June is aware that Boyd is already responsible for one broken engagement and prevents Mae from seeing him again. June changes her mind, realizing her sister has a chance for happiness, and borrows Kelly's gun. Kelly, Mae, and June go to Boyd's apartment, where June forces Boyd at gunpoint to agree to marry Mae. He happily complies. Later, June and Kelly run into von Schraeder at a Chinese restaurant, and after sending Kelly away, June tells von Schraeder the news. He is not disappointed, revealing he is in love with her, which she reciprocates.
Creature from the Black Lagoon	2	"A geology expedition in the Amazon uncovers fossilized evidence (a skeletal hand with webbed fingers) from the Devonian period that provides a direct link between land and sea animals. Expedition leader Dr. Carl Maia (Antonio Moreno) orders his two assistants to stay in camp while he visits the marine biology institute.Maia reunites with his friend and former student, ichthyologist Dr. David Reed (Richard Carlson). Dr. Reed works at an aquarium in California, but more recently he has been a guest at Maia's institute in Brazil to study lungfish. Reed persuades his boss, the financially minded Dr. Mark Williams (Richard Denning), to fund a return expedition to the Amazon to look for the remainder of the skeleton.Soon after Dr. Maia leaves camp, a piscine amphibious humanoid, a living member of the same species from which the fossil originated, becomes curious about the expedition's camp. When its sudden appearance frightens the assistants, they panic and attack, and in response the enraged creature kills them both.The group goes aboard the tramp steamer Rita, captained by crusty Lucas (Nestor Paiva). The expedition consists of David, Carl, Mark, as well as Reed's girlfriend and colleague, Kay Lawrence (Julie Adams), and another scientist, Dr. Edwin Thompson (Whit Bissell). When they arrive at the camp, they discover Maia's assistants have been killed while he was away. Lucas suggests it was likely done by a jaguar, but the others are unsure.A further excavation of the area where Carl found the fossil turns up nothing. Mark is ready to give up the search, but David suggests that perhaps thousands of years ago the part of the embankment containing the rest of the skeleton fell into the water and was washed downriver, broken up by the current. Carl says the tributary empties into a lagoon. Lucas calls it the ""Black Lagoon"", a paradise from which no one has ever returned. The scientists decide to risk it, unaware that the amphibious ""Gill-man"" that killed Carl's assistants has been watching them. Taking notice of the beautiful Kay, the creature follows the Rita all the way downriver to the Black Lagoon. Once the expedition arrives, David and Mark go diving to collect rock samples from the lagoon floor. After they return, Kay goes swimming and is stalked underwater by the Gill-man, who then gets briefly caught in one of the ship's drag lines. Although it escapes, the creature leaves a claw behind in the net, revealing its existence.Subsequent encounters with the Gill-man claim the lives of Lucas's crew members, before the creature is captured and locked in a cage aboard the Rita. It escapes during the night, attacking Thompson, who was guarding it. Kay smashes the creature with a lantern, driving it off, but Thompson is severely injured. Following this incident, David decides they should return to civilization. Mark, obsessed with capturing (or killing) the creature, objects. As the Rita tries to leave, they find the lagoon's entrance blocked by fallen logs, courtesy of the Gill-man. While the others attempt to remove the logs, Mark is mauled to death while trying to capture the creature single-handedly, underwater. It then abducts Kay and takes her to its cavern lair. David, Lucas and Carl give chase, and Kay is rescued. The creature is riddled with bullets before retreating to the lagoon, where its body sinks into the watery depths."
Chandni	2	"Rohit (Rishi Kapoor) meets Chandni (Sridevi) at a wedding of a relative and falls instantly in love with her and pursues her relentlessly until she agrees to date him. Eventually, they are engaged to be married soon.His family is against this marriage decision because of the vast difference in their social status, but that does not bother Rohit at all and he does not care.One day, Rohit wants to surprise his beloved with something extra special - he calls Chandni and asks her to wait for him on the terrace of her house. As she's waiting, the afternoon's silence is broken by the roaring blades of a helicopter, from which a smiling Rohit appears to shower Chandni with lots of red rose petals from the copter. After five minutes of this delight, he disappears and she is surrounded by silence. When she reaches home downstairs, she has a bad feeling that something ominous has happened.After she reaches inside her home, the phone rings and Chandni picks it up. She is informed by Rohit's family that Rohit has been hospitalised. She immediately makes her way to the hospital ICU unit where Rohit is admitted in critical condition!His family, who are all at the hospital, greet her with stony expressions and accuse her of being the cause for Rohit's falling from the helicopter. Learning that he is paralyzed on his right side, his family continues to berate her.in the coming days, weeks and months, knowing that in his paralyzed condition he would never be able to make a good partner/lover/husband to his beloved Chandni, Rohit decides to push her away and starts to berate her, which is too much for Chandni to bear. Therefore, Chandni reluctantly decides to leave him alone and intent on erasing every memory of Rohit, Chandni migrates to Bombay.In Bombay, she starts working for a travel agency headed by Lalit (Vinod Khanna), a handsome and charming widower. He soon falls in love with Chandni and asks her to marry him. After a few years of dating and wooing, she finally agrees to this and meets Lalit's mother (Waheeda Rehman), who is so delighted to have a super pretty daughter-in-law.Like a twist of fate, Lalit meets Rohit on a business trip in Switzerland where Rohit is receiving treatment from the professional therapists and physicians. Rohit is able to stand now and no longer needs a wheelchair. Lalit and Rohit become fast friends and tell each other their love-stories, sing with the joy of love, not knowing they are singing about the same woman (they are in love with the same woman).Back in India, Rohit shows up one evening to meet his friend Lalit and Chandni opens the door. They are both delighted to see each other with tears in their eyes and to her amazement, he can now stand on both feet without stumbling and also does a little dance. They are both so keyed up with emotion and Rohit seizes this opportunity to propose to her. However, at this time Chandni has to tell him the truth, very much to his dismay, that—she is committed to someone else called ""Lalit"".Obviously, Rohit becomes angry at her betrayal, but Chandni asks him what he would have done in her place.. to which he has no reply and so regretfully leaves. As Rohit and Lalit had become good friends in Switzerland, Lalit invites him to his wedding.In all the subsequent ceremonies and meetings/parties, Rohit and Chandni pretend to be strangers to spare Lalit.On the day of the wedding, Rohit drinks a bit too much in order to drive away the pain of the loss of a beloved one, and starts mumbling and then stumbles down a flight of stairs. Chandni immediately upon seeing this behaviour of his, can not contain herself any longer and screams/yearns for him to be saved. She comes so close to him, hugs him and starts crying, at which Lalit realises that she is the woman Rohit was always talking about, but hiding her identity.Fortunately, Rohit is rushed to the hospital and the doctor says the condition is not too serious. Soon after, Rohit regains the pink of health and this time he proposes to Chandni again, to which she agrees after receiving a nod from her fiancé Lalit. Lalit and his mother share a brief sad moment as they watch Chandni and Rohit rekindle and reconcile. Then, they get married and live happily ever after."
The Parent Trap	0	"Identical twins Susan Evers and Sharon McKendrick (Hayley Mills) meet at Miss Inch's Summer Camp for Girls, unaware that they are sisters. Their identical appearance initially creates rivalry, and they pull pranks on each other, culminating in the camp dance being ruined. As punishment, Miss Inch decides that they must live together in the isolated ""Serendipity"" cabin (and eat together at an ""Isolation Table"") for the remainder of the camp season. After discovering that they both come from single parent homes, they soon realize they are twin sisters and that their parents, Mitchell ""Mitch"" Evers (Brian Keith) and Margaret ""Maggie"" McKendrick (Maureen O'Hara), divorced shortly after their birth, with each parent having custody of one of them. The twins, each eager to meet the parent she never knew, decide to switch places. Susan gives Sharon a matching haircut and has her bite her nails. They also take a crash-course getting to know each other while learning about each other's personalities and ways of life.While Susan is in Boston at their grandparents' house pretending to be Sharon, Sharon goes to California to their father's house, pretending to be Susan. Sharon learns their father is engaged to a child-hating gold digger named Vicky Robinson (Joanna Barnes). Sharon calls Susan to tell her that their father is planning to marry Vicky, who is beautiful and dangerous, and that she must bring their mother to California immediately. Susan eventually reveals to their mother and grandparents the truth about their switching places. They are extremely happy to see Susan again, and Maggie and Susan fly to California. After Mitch and Maggie are reunited, they argue and the twins make their surprise appearance together. Mitch is extremely happy to see Sharon again, and after he tells Vicky the truth about the twins, she is shocked and furious — especially after learning that Maggie plans to spend the night at his house.The girls recreate their parents' first date at the Italian restaurant Martinelli's with a gypsy violinist. The former spouses are gradually drawn together, but have another fight with Maggie telling Mitch that she and Sharon are leaving in the morning, and that she wishes him the best of everything with Vicky. Susan and Sharon try to find a way to delay their return to Boston, so the twins dress and talk alike so their parents are unable to tell them apart. They will reveal who is who only after returning from the annual family camping trip. Mitch and Maggie reluctantly agree. Vicky is furious, so Maggie tricks her into taking her place and letting her know it would give her a chance to get to know the twins better.Mitch was an outdoorsman, but Vicky was not, and she was not used to climbing mountains and being in the woods, so the twins decide to play tricks on her. Vicky spends her time swatting mosquitoes after unknowingly using sugared water instead of mosquito repellent, and being awakened by two bear cubs licking honey off her feet, which the twins had previously placed there. Vicky finally throws a screaming tantrum and screams at Hecky, the ranch foreman, to take her home. After breaking a fishing pole, knocking down the food table and throwing food, she pushes Mitch, with a face full of shaving cream, into the tent. The twins give Vicky the clothes she borrowed from Mitch, and Vicky slaps one of them in the face. Mitch finally sees the truth about Vicky, and after she and Hecky leave, Mitch and the twins return home.Back at the house, the twins apologize for what they did to Vicky, and are forgiven. Maggie makes dinner, and Mitch talks about what their life was like when they were married. They realized they still loved each other, and did not want to grow into a couple of old and lonely people. They share a kiss, and decide to remarry. The twins, their grandparents, and Hecky and Verbena the housekeeper, are present at their wedding, with the Reverend Dr. Mosby conducting the ceremony."
Nissash Amar Tumi	2	Hridoy (Shakib Khan) is a rich, city boy, born to billionaire parents and brought up in London. On the other hand, Aasha (Apu Biswas)is a traditional, simple desi girl from Bangladesh who is brought up by her only brother, Mohammod Ali (Misha Sawdagor). He is heartbroken when their father marries another woman and throws them out of the house, humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies and her tomb is built on the small land which they own until the zamindar tells them that it is his land, since their mother had taken a loan from the man. Mohammod Ali volunteers to work day and night, to pay off the loan as long as they don't tear down his mother's tomb. The Zamindar agrees and the local station master helps them. Slowly Mohammod Ali and Aasha grow up. One day, Purnima, Aasha's best friend, comes to their house to invite Aasha to their house as she is getting married. Purnima's cousin, Hridoy also arrives on the same day with his mother, Shabnur (Dulari).Slowly Hridoy and Aasha fall in love but Hridoy's mother does not bear it as Aasha is not as rich as them, and is thus not to their standards; Hridoy is also to be married to Shabnur's brother's business partner's daughter, Bobby. Shabnur humiliates Aasha as well as Mohammod Ali, who arrives a minute before, and both are thrown of the house after Shabnur accuses them of trying to entice and trap Hridoy. When Hridoy learns of this, he goes to Aasha's house and pleads to her brother to accept him. Mohammod Ali gives him a chance, just like he was given a chance by the Zamindar when he was little. Hridoy is tasked to take care of the cows, clean up after them and grow more crops than Mohammod Ali by the end of the season; if he does not, Hridoy will be thrown out of the village and can never see Aasha again. The Zamindar and his son is not happy as the Zamindar's son wanted to marry Aasha. With them and Bobby and her father trying to get Hridoy to lose the competition, Hridoy has to work hard for his love, eating red chillies and rice everyday, even though he can't bear it. Through many antics from the Zamindar's side and Bobby's side, Hridoy eventually proves his love for Aasha to Mohammod Ali, and succeeds in growing more grains. However, Zamindar & his son kidnap Aasha and then later tries to rape her. A fight takes place in which Hridoy kills the Zamindar's son. Mohammod Ali, after realizing that Hridoy and Aasha should be together, takes the blame for this and spends 5 years in prison. The movie ends with Mohammod Ali's release from prison which is also when Aasha and Hridoy get married, in everyone's presence. Shabnur then accepts Aasha to be her daughter-in-law.
A Little Chaos	2	King Louis XIV of France assigns the design and construction of the Gardens of Versailles to André Le Nôtre. Le Nôtre interviews several other gardeners who submitted designs for the project, including one woman who works alone, Sabine de Barra. He sees her move a potted plant in his garden prior to her interview, and questions her deference to order in design. Sabine affirms her respect for his work and suggests that she would like to create something uniquely French rather than follow classical and renaissance styles. He shows her the door in record time, and she leaves disheartened.On the night after her interview, André surprises Sabine at her home and tasks her with responsibility for an outdoor ballroom surrounded by a fountain and landscaping. André's plans had called for a constant supply of water from a great distance at great expense. Sabine devises another engineering solution based on a reservoir from which water can be continuously recycled through the fountains she has designed. She makes little progress at first, with workmen recommended by one of the men rejected by André, until another competitor, Thierry Duras, intervenes and offers the use of his crew.As a beautiful commoner Sabine stands out at court, attracting attention, and is befriended by the King's brother Duc Philippe d'Orleans and his wife Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine. At times, Sabine appears haunted by brief glimpses of a young girl or a girl's voice she hears calling. She is attracted to André but does not act on her feelings, while André quietly endures the infidelities of his wife Françoise, who insists that her husband's success is founded on her influence at court. When Françoise warns him against an affair with Sabine, he quotes her own speech declaring their right to seek comfort elsewhere, and becomes resolute in his intention to pursue a relationship with Sabine.Queen Maria Theresa dies suddenly. André informs his wife, who is shaken at the prospect that this will lessen her influence at court. The king is shocked at the loss of his wife and takes refuge in his gardener's work area, amongst the pear trees. Sabine finds the king there as she delivers perennials for a trade, first mistaking him for the gardener. After she recognizes him she agrees to continue their conversation as equals. She finds great favour in the king's eyes, and he invites her to travel with him and his court to his palace and gardens at Fontainebleau.On a stormy day, Louis XIV visits Sabine's work site and assesses the project skeptically but allows it to proceed. After he leaves, Sabine is visited by Françoise, who tells her that André's passionate intentions are only a whim and will prove short-lived. After they both leave, Françoise's lover opens the sluice gates from the reservoir and floods the work site, destroying much of the earthworks. Sabine nearly drowns trying to close the gate, and André saves her.Afterwards, André finds a glove that belongs to his wife Françoise. He returns the glove and ends their relationship.Sabine goes to court again, where Duc de Lauzun introduces her to the king's mistress, the Marquise de Montespan, who in turn introduces her to the women of the court. At first they tease her, but when they learn she is widowed and lost her 6-year-old daughter, they reveal their own losses and welcome her into their circle, where they often discuss topics the king forbids at court, including the deaths of their children. The Marquise formally presents Sabine to the King when he arrives, and Sabine offers him a four-seasons rose. They converse about the nature of the rose and its life cycle, hardships and death, and the gardener's responsibilities. It is Sabine's veiled defense of the aging Madame de Montespan, who has begun to lose the king's favor.André waits for Sabine outside her room that night, and they finally make love. In the morning, André finds himself alone in bed. Sabine is upstairs, lost in the memory of the day her daughter and husband died. He told Sabine he had a mistress that he is going to visit her, taking their daughter with him. As they are leaving Sabine sees that the carriage has a faulty wheel and races after them, and when she stops in front of the carriage it topples off the road and down a hill, killing both father and daughter. André finds Sabine in the grip of this memory and convinces her to stop blaming herself for their deaths.When Sabine's project is complete, the king and his court arrive for its inauguration. To the music of a hidden orchestra, everyone begins dancing as the fountains send water coursing down the tiers around the ballroom floor. Sabine and André leave the others dancing and walk into the garden together.
Sky Devils	1	"In 1917, lifeguards Wilkie (Spencer Tracy) and Mitchell (George Cooper) who can not even swim, are trying to keep out of the war. When a man is drowning, U.S. Army Air Corps Sergeant Hogan (William Boyd) rescues the drowning man but they are quick to claim credit.When the pair go to a Red Cross benefit boxing match, they again encounter the sergeant, billed as ""One Punch"" Hogan but Wilkie surprisingly knocks him out, before sneaking out with Mitchell, as a crowd gathers. The two friends swear they will never join the Army but relent and later, wind up in uniform, shovelling manure. Determined to find a way out, Wilkie and Mitchell desert and head off to South America, hopping in a manure truck leaving the base.After stowing away on a ship, they find out they are on a troop ship with Army Air Corps pilots going to France. Wilkie and Mitchell pretend they want to fly and are sent to train at an American aviation field. Doing their best to not become pilots, while on guard duty, Wilkie competes with Sgt. Hogan for the attentions of Fifi (Yola d'Avril), a French performer. After a dustup at a nightclub, the two rivals make a quick exit, hiding in a car driven by Mary Way (Ann Dvorak). Startled by the men, she crashes, but all are unharmed. Wilkie and Hogan escort her to an inn for the evening. In the morning, Wilkie has breakfast with Mary and cons Hogan into fixing her car.Military police looking for the two and come and arrest them, as well as Mary thought to be a spy. Wilkie, Hogan and Mary escape in an aircraft, but land in enemy territory and are captured. Accidentally releasing two bombs, they bomb a German munitions depot. The Air Corps colonel (Billy Bevan) sends a squadron to rescue the trio, with Mitchell scaring the Germans by his inept maneuvers.After their rescue, the three heroes fly home but Wilkie again accidentally pulls the lever for the bomb release, this time bombing his own base."
Fantastic Four	2	"Childhood friends Reed Richards and Ben Grimm have worked together on a prototype teleporter since youth, eventually attracting the attention of Professor Franklin Storm, director of the Baxter Foundation, a government-sponsored research institute for young prodigies. Reed is recruited to join them and aid Storm's children, scientist Sue Storm and technician Johnny Storm, into completing a ""Quantum Gate"" designed by Storm's protégé Victor von Doom.The experiment is successful, and the facility's supervisor, Dr. Allen, plans to send a group from NASA to venture into a parallel dimension known as ""Planet Zero"". Disappointed at being denied the chance to join the expedition, Reed, Johnny, and Victor along with Ben use the Quantum Gate to embark on an unsanctioned voyage to Planet Zero, which they learn is a world filled with otherworldly substances. Victor attempts to touch the green-lava like substance, causing the ground they are standing on to erupt. Reed, Johnny, and Ben return to their shuttle just as Sue brings them back to Earth and Victor is seemingly killed after he falls into the collapsing landscape. The Quantum Gate explodes, altering Reed, Sue, Johnny, and Ben on a genetic level and granting them superhuman abilities beyond their control: Reed can stretch like rubber, Susan can become invisible and generate force fields, Johnny can engulf his entire body in fire and fly, and Ben develops a rock-like hide which gives him superhuman strength and durability. They are then placed in government custody in order to be studied and have their abilities tested. Blaming himself for the accident, Reed escapes from the facility and tries to find a cure for their changes.One year later, Reed is now a fugitive and has built a suit that helps him control his ability. Hiding in Central America, he is eventually found by the United States military with Sue's help and captured by Ben, who has become a military asset along with Johnny and Sue. Johnny and Sue have been outfitted with specialized suits designed to help them control their abilities. Reed is brought to Area 57, where Dr. Allen conscripts him into rebuilding the Quantum Gate in exchange for giving Reed the resources to find a cure. Arriving in Planet Zero, Dr. Allen's explorers find Victor, who has been fused to his spacesuit and now possesses telekinetic abilities, and bring him back to Earth. Believing the human race needs to be destroyed so he can rebuild Earth in his image, Victor kills the scientists and soldiers in the base, including Dr. Allen and Professor Storm, and returns to Planet Zero using the Quantum Gate, with Ben, Johnny, Reed, and Sue in pursuit.Now dubbing himself ""Doom"", Victor activates a portal on Planet Zero using the Quantum Gate and begins consuming the landscape of the Earth using a structure he created from the rock formations in Planet Zero. He is confronted by the four and, after a short battle, Ben punches Doom into the portal's energy beam, disintegrating him while Johnny closes the portal. Returning to Earth, the group is rewarded by the US military for their heroics by being given a new base of operations known as ""Central City"" in order to study their abilities without government interference. They decide to use their powers to help people and adopt the mantle of the ""Fantastic Four""."
Love Is a Ball	1	"Etienne Pimm (Charles Boyer) has an unusual way of making a living: he arranges for impoverished European aristocrats to marry unsuspecting rich people. He is then discreetly compensated for his matchmaking. His latest target is Millicent ""Milly"" Mehaffey (Hope Lange), newly arrived on the Riviera. Pimm and his assistant Janine (Ulla Jacobsson) begin grooming the penniless Grand Duke Gaspard Ducluzeau (Ricardo Montalban) for Milly, hiring Julian Soames (John Wood) to teach him manners and English. As their target fancies herself a race car driver, Pimm recruits John Lathrop Davis (Glenn Ford), a (retired) champion many times over, to teach Gaspard to drive.Pimm ""accidentally"" meets Milly's uncle and guardian, Dr. Christian Gump (Telly Savalas, cast against type as a cultured gourmet) and invites him to a dinner prepared by his personal, world-renowned chef, Maurice Zoltan (André Luguet). Gump cannot resist. After dinner, he is introduced to the handsome young duke, well prepared after weeks of intensive training. As Pimm had hoped, Gump begs him to bring the duke to a party he has arranged for Milly, confiding that he hopes they fall in love and that his troublesome ward will settle down.Meanwhile, Priory (Laurence Hardy), another of Pimm's minions, has gotten himself hired as the chauffeur, to spy on the family. When a polo ball hit by Gaspard breaks Priory's arm, a reluctant Davis takes his place. Davis is openly contemptuous of Milly's unrealistic plan to compete in the International Grand Prix, causing clashes with his spoiled employer. As they spend more time together though, her initial dislike turns into love.With the romance between Milly and Gaspard not proceeding very well, Pimm suggests to Milly that the young couple spend a romantic night together at his private villa. She takes him up on his offer, only with Davis, not Gaspard.The next morning, Milly learns the truth and is at first outraged, even though Pimm confesses that Davis was not the intended groom. For revenge, she decides to marry an oafish suitor named Freddie (Jean Parédès). However, on her wedding day, her wise grandmother (Ruth McDevitt) convinces her to reconcile with Davis. This is just fine with Gaspard, as he has fallen for Janine."
The Thompsons	0	On the run from the law, the vampire family the Hamiltons (now known as the Thompsons) heads to England to find an ancient vampire clan known as the Stuarts. Unbeknownst to the Hamiltons, the Stuarts have ulterior motives of their own.
Ishq Par Zor Nahin	1	Amar Doraiswamy is the only child of multi-millionaire shipping company owner who lives in a palatial house in Goa, India. Amar introduces a close, but poor friend, Ram, to his father, who employs him conditionally. Amar falls in love with a woman named Sushma Rai, and asks Ram to pen a love letter and poem for her. Sushma gets to read the letter and the poem, and thinking that Ram is Amar, falls in love with him. She meets him, and he is also unknowingly attracted to her, both feel that they are inseparable soul-mates. Then Ram gets a shock when he finds out that Sushma is Amar's intended and decides to stay away from her. But Sushma has other plans, for she intends to marry Ram at any cost, not realizing that by doing this, she is placing not only Ram's life, but also the lives of two other individuals, namely Uma Devi and Lalit, in jeopardy.
Sandook	0	Sandook is a satirical comic thriller set in pre independence era in a small town called Sambalgarh. The protagonist Vamanrao Ashtaputre is a simple honest man who always dreams of getting rid of the British Raj. How the underdog that is Vamanrao becomes a revolutionary albeit accidentally is the core story of Sandook which is a comedy film.
Monsieur Verdoux	1	"Henri Verdoux had been a bank teller for thirty years before being laid off. To support his wheelchair-bound wife and child, he turns to the business of marrying and murdering wealthy widows. The Couvais family becomes suspicious when Thelma Couvais withdraws all her money and disappears, only two weeks after marrying a man named ""Varnay"", whom they only know through a photograph.As Verdoux (Chaplin) prepares to sell Thelma Couvais's home, the widowed Marie Grosnay (Isobel Elsom) visits. Verdoux sees her as another ""business"" opportunity and attempts to charm her, but she refuses. Over the following weeks, Verdoux has a flower girl (Barbara Slater) repeatedly send Grosnay flowers. In need of money to invest, Verdoux, as M. Floray, visits Lydia Floray (Margaret Hoffman) and convinces her he is her absent husband. She complains that his engineering job has kept him away too long. That night, Verdoux murders her for her money.At a dinner party with his real wife and their friend the local chemist, Verdoux asks the chemist about the drug he developed to exterminate animals painlessly. The chemist explains the formula and that he had to stop working on it after the local pharmaceutical board banned it. Verdoux says he could test the drug by using it on a tramp off the street, then laughs it off as a morbid joke. Later at his furniture office he attempts to recreate the drug.Shortly thereafter, Verdoux finds The Girl (Marilyn Nash) taking shelter from the rain in a doorway and takes her in. When he finds she was just released from prison and has nowhere to go, he prepares dinner for her with wine laced with his newly-developed poison. Before drinking the wine, she thanks him for his kindness, and starts to talk about her husband who died while she was in jail. After she says her husband was a helpless invalid and that made her all the more devoted to him, Verdoux says he thinks there's cork in her wine and replaces it with a glass of unpoisoned wine. She leaves without knowing of his cynical intentions.Verdoux makes several attempts to murder Annabella Bonheur (Martha Raye), who believes Verdoux to be Bonheur, a sea captain who is frequently away, including by strangulation while boating, and by poisoned wine, but she is impervious, repeatedly escaping death without even realizing while, at the same time, putting Verdoux himself in danger or near death. Meanwhile, Grosnay eventually softens and relents from the continual flowers from Verdoux and invites him to her residence. He convinces her to marry him, and Grosnay's friends hold a large public wedding to Verdoux's disapproval. Unexpectedly, Bonheur shows up to the wedding. Panicking, Verdoux fakes a cramp to avoid being seen and eventually deserts the wedding.Before the Second World War breaks out, the European markets collapse, and Verdoux loses his assets. The Girl, now well-dressed and chic, once again finds Verdoux on the street. She invites him to an elegant dinner at a high-end restaurant as a gesture of gratitude for his actions earlier. The girl has married a man she doesn't love to be well-off. Verdoux reveals that he has lost his family. At the restaurant, members of the Couvais family recognize Verdoux and attempt a pursuit. Verdoux delays them long enough to bid the unnamed girl farewell before letting himself be captured by the investigators.Verdoux is exposed and convicted of murder. When he is sentenced in the courtroom, rather than expressing remorse he takes the opportunity to say that the world encourages mass killers, and that compared to the makers of modern weapons he is but an amateur. Later, before being led from his cell to the guillotine, a journalist asks him for a story with a moral, but he answers evasively, dismissing his killing of a few, for which he has been condemned, as not worse than the killing of many in war, for which others are honored, ""Wars, conflict - it's all business. One murder makes a villain; millions, a hero. Numbers sanctify, my good fellow!"" His last visitor before being taken to be executed is a priest (Fritz Leiber). When guards come to take him to the guillotine he is offered a cigarette, which he refuses, and a glass of rum, which he also refuses before changing his mind. He says ""I've never tasted rum"", downs the glass, and the priest begins reciting a prayer in Latin as the guards lead him away and the film ends."
Tribute to a Bad Man	1	"Rustlers rob horses belonging to wealthy Wyoming rancher Jeremy Rodock and shoot him. He is found by young cowboy Steve Miller, who digs out the bullet, saves Rodock's life and is offered a job at the ranch.Rodock believes in lynching rustlers personally without arrest or trial. His wrangler McNulty describes it as ""a hanging sickness"" to Rodock's woman, Jocasta Constantine, a former dance-hall girl ashamed of her past.McNulty makes a pass at Jo. A jealous and suspicious Rodock sees them leave a barn together and jumps to the wrong conclusion. He fires McNulty, then beats him viciously before ordering him off the ranch.Rodock sets out to find the men who stole his stock and murdered Whitey, a ranch hand. He rides to former partner Peterson's spread and demands to know if Peterson and son Lars were involved. They deny it, but Rodock soon comes to believe that Peterson and partners Hearn and Barjak are the thieves. He kills Peterson and hangs Hearn.Lars vows to avenge his father. He joins up with McNulty and Barjak and plan to steal every horse Rodock owns. Steve is sickened by watching a man hang and Jo urges him to speak with Rodock about his vigilante ways. Steve has fallen in love with her and begs her to leave with him, but she will not.Valuable horses are stolen and McNulty files down the hoofs into bloody stumps. Rodock catches up to the three thieves, makes them dismount and remove their boots. At gunpoint, he forces them to walk to jail through sand, rock and cactus. Barjak ultimately passes out and McNulty begs for mercy.Rodock comes to his senses. He lets the other rustlers go and returns Lars to the Peterson ranch, where he offers to make restitution. Upon returning home, he finds that Steve is leaving forever and taking Jo with him. Rodock can't blame either, but when he rides out to bring her some jewelry she left behind, Jo has a change of heart and stays with Rodock after all."
Rookie of the Year	1	"Henry Rowengartner (Nicholas), 12-year-old Little Leaguer, has dreams of playing in the major leagues, although he is not very skilled. One day, Henry breaks his arm trying to catch a fly ball (he slips on another ball that is lying on the ground) and has to wrap it in a cast. Once the arm is healed, the doctor removes the cast and discovers Henry's tendons have healed ""a little too tight,"" thus enabling Henry to cock his arm back and fire it forward with incredible force.A fateful trip to Wrigley Field for a Chicago Cubs game results in Henry's friends getting a home run ball hit by the visiting team, the Montreal Expos. However, when they give it to Henry to throw back onto the field (per Wrigley tradition), his tightly-healed arm throws the ball so hard that it reaches home plate on the fly. Looking for a miracle to save the club, which is suffering slumping attendance, general manager Larry Fisher (Hedaya) begins efforts to get Henry to join the Cubs. Manager Sal Martinella visits Henry at home to scout him, bringing a radar gun, and discovers that Henry now has the ability to regularly pitch at over 100 miles per hour.For the remainder of the season, Henry has to juggle the culture shock of actually playing in the major leagues—working with one of his heroes, aging pitcher Chet ""Rocket"" Steadman (Busey) and spending time with his friends. Under it all, his mother, Mary (Amy Morton), tries to keep him grounded while resisting attempts by Fisher and her boyfriend, Jack (Altman), to exploit his newfound fame.Henry's first game is a relief appearance against the New York Mets, in which he gives up a home run to the Mets' feared slugger Heddo (Tom Milanovich), an arrogant player who taunts him while at the plate and rounding the bases. Despite wanting to quit after the game, he then shows marked improvement under the tutoring of Steadman, and records a second consecutive save against the San Francisco Giants capped off with his first MLB strikeout.Continuing to impress leading into and during a road game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Henry bats for the first time, and his extremely small stature (and subsequent extremely small strike zone) frustrates the Dodger pitcher to the point where he walks on four straight pitches. He subsequently scores a run, followed by an adult player who scores behind him (they are limited by Henry's speed, as baseball rules dictate that a trailing runner cannot overtake another runner in front or they will be called out.)During the course of the season, relationships begin to get strained, as Henry gets into a fight with his friends who have grown increasingly jealous of his star status, and Mary breaks up with Jack over a supposed endorsement deal that was actually a free-agent contract unknowingly signed by Henry to join the New York Yankees the next season. Eventually, Henry resolves the conflict with his friends, and when he asks team owner Bob Carson (Bracken) about the contract with the Yankees, Carson explains that he never authorized such a deal, and that he wants to retain Henry's services for the remainder of the season. At this point, Henry tells Carson that he will retire at the end of the season. Carson is at first disappointed but respects Henry's decision and wishes him the best of luck and then proceeds to demote Fisher to Hot Dog Salesman after finding out that it was Fisher who tried to set up the deal.On the last day of the season, presumably the deciding game for the National League Eastern Division seat, the Cubs face the Mets once again at Wrigley Field, with Steadman starting. At first, Steadman finds ""the Rocket"" as he pitches well, but then by the 6th inning, feels pain in his arm each time he throws, eventually allowing the Mets to load the bases. However, he makes one final play, and despite damaging his arm, managed to tag a runner out at home, and subsequently turns the ball over to Henry. As before, Henry easily strikes out the side in the seventh and eighth innings, but in the top of the ninth, he slips on a loose baseball and lands on his side, reversing the effects of his first fall and reducing his arm strength to normal again.Henry begins to frustrate the Cubs and their fans by refusing to throw pitches that his catcher signals for, and only throws once the catcher stands up, setting up an intentional walk. He then brings in the disappointed Cubs players, explaining why he can no longer throw fastballs, and sends them back to their positions with a plan he came up with. With their cooperation, Henry sneaks the ball to the first baseman, who subsequently tags the runner out. Henry then issues an intentional walk to the next batter, with whom he trades insults. When the runner dares him to throw the ball high, Henry starts to do so, but stops as the runner takes off for second. He is tagged out as well, setting up a final showdown with Heddo, who had hit the home run in Henry's debut and gloats as he recalls that moment. Henry has an idea and throws a changeup, which Heddo swings at and misses. Heddo hits the next pitch down the left-field line and into the bleachers, but it is ruled a foul ball; this angers Heddo, who tells Henry that he ""has nothing"". Henry opens his glove to find not his father's name, but Mary's. He looks to her in the stands and she confirms that she – not his father – was the ballplayer who was his parent. She then signals him to throw a floater, an unusual pitch that rises very high in the air. He does so, and strikes out a shocked Heddo (who, in a humorous reversal of fortunes, breaks down and cries like a baby, pounding the dirt with his fists) to win the pennant for the Cubs.The next spring, Henry is playing Little League baseball again, with Steadman and Mary as the coaches of his team. After catching a home run ball that ensures victory, while celebrating with his teammates, raises his fist to the camera and reveals he is wearing a Cubs World Series championship ring, signifying he helped the Cubs win the World Series (even though he did not pitch in it)."
Striking Distance	1	Thomas Hardy, a Pittsburgh Police homicide detective, has broken the ranks by informing on his partner and cousin, Jimmy Detillo, for using excessive force. On route to the Policemen's Ball with his father, Vincent Hardy, the ball is postponed after a call indicating a serial killer nicknamed the Polish Hill Strangler has been spotted. As Tom and Vince pursue the killer's vehicle, the vehicles collide and both roll down an embankment. When Tom regains consciousness, he learns his father has been shot dead and the killer has escaped. Police arrest a criminal named Douglas Kesser as the Strangler. Later, rather than go to prison, Jimmy climbs to the top of the 31st Street Bridge and jumps off. His body is never found.Two years later, Tom is drinking heavily and has been reassigned to the River Rescue Squad. His cousin Danny, Jimmy's brother, has stepped down from the force and also drinks heavily. Called to the scene of a body dump, Tom finds the victim is an ex-girlfriend. Tom is assigned a new partner, Jo Christman, who learns from District Attorney Frank Morris that Tom had been demoted after telling a television reporter that he believed the Polish Hill Strangler was a policeman.A nurse is abducted. Tom receives a phone call similar to ones left by the Polish Hill Strangler: the nurse screams before she is shot and the phone goes dead. Detective Eddie Eiler, who hates Tom for turning in Jimmy, states on TV the murder was committed by a copycat. Tom is met with strong opposition by his uncle, Captain Nick Detillo, after suggesting the Strangler is back. Tom goes to the precinct and steals the Strangler file in order to conduct an unauthorized investigation. Soon after, the body of another of Tom's ex-girlfriends is found.Tom is invited to the Policemen's Ball by Jo as she is not familiar with any other officers there. Despite understanding that he won't be very welcome, which he initially isn't, Tom goes and accompanies Jo. Tom and Jo then join the Hardys (who represent a large portion of the officers present). Nick and Danny arrive and Danny is already drunk. Danny has an outburst while a toast is being proposed to Vince and a fight ensues between Tom and Eddie. Jo takes Tom home and after in initial fit from Tom the two partners kiss and then proceed to have sex while being observed by an unseen person.The next night on patrol, Tom and Jo stumble upon the scene of someone dumping what appears to be a wrapped body off a bridge. Tom destroys the suspect's car but the unidentified individual escapes. Divers retrieve the body only to find it to be merely a bunch of rugs, which leads to Tom and Jo being humiliated by their peers.While Jo stumbles upon Tom's investigation notes of the Stangler, Eiler informs Nick he suspects Tom. Nick discloses Tom has been under scrutiny by Internal Affairs. During a court hearing to have Tom removed from the force, it is revealed Jo is really Emily Harper of the Pennsylvania State Police, who has been monitoring Tom to find evidence of misconduct. Harper perjures herself and Tom goes unpunished.Emily is kidnapped from her apartment just as Tom finds the body of another female victim, a police dispatcher he knows, outside his boathouse. Thinking that Danny is the killer & angry about Jimmy's death, Tom heads upriver to the Detillo family cabin. Just as Danny arrives, someone from behind knocks Tom unconscious. Tom awakens to find himself, Danny, and Emily handcuffed to chairs, with the killer, who turns out to be none other than Jimmy, who survived the fall into the river two years earlier, standing in front of them. Jimmy is about to kill Emily when Nick suddenly walks in and he tells his son to turn himself in, but Jimmy is defiant and commands Nick to tell how Vince really died.A flashback reveals Nick arrived on the scene immediately after Tom and the Strangler crashed their cars. He was horrified to find Jimmy and let him escape. Vince emerged from the wrecked car and took aim at the fleeing killer, unaware it was Jimmy. Nick tried to stop him and, in the ensuing struggle, accidentally killed Vince.After this revelation, Jimmy takes aim at Nick, who shoots first. Jimmy is wearing a bulletproof vest and returns fire, killing his father. In a fit of rage, Danny charges at Jimmy, giving Tom a chance to free himself. As the police close in, Jimmy flees on a motorboat with Tom in pursuit. The two get into a scuffle in which Tom kills Jimmy by tasering him in the mouth. After Tom is escorted by a paramedic, an officer attempts to remove the handcuffs from Tom's wrists, but Eiler steps in to remove them, and apologizes. In the process, he offers Tom to punch him in the face, which Tom briefly declines and after a second of reluctance, he punches Eiler in the face. Afterwards, Tom and Emily embrace each other.The movie ends with Tom, who has been reinstated as a detective, visiting his father's grave with Emily and her daughter at his side.
Welcome to the Punch	1	"Four men emerge from a building wearing gas masks, having committed a robbery, and leave on motorbikes. At the same time DI Max Lewinsky (McAvoy) is reporting by phone to his superiors that ""Sternwood is doing it tonight"". Lewinsky then sets off in pursuit of the gang in his car. He fails to catch them and suffers an injury after being shot in the leg by Jacob Sternwood (Strong), who could have easily killed him but seems to have an aversion to killing.Three years later Lewinsky is still suffering from his wound and has to use drugs for the pain. He works with a sidekick, DS Sarah Hawks (Andrea Riseborough), with whom he is on good terms. While escorting a prisoner, Dean Warns (Johnny Harris), who is suspected of being involved in an illegal arms trade, they are met by ambitious Commander Thomas Geiger (David Morrissey) and DCI Nathan Bartnick (Daniel Mays) who inform them that Warns is to be released due to lack of evidence. Warns had been seen by a security guard in a container yard in connection with the offence but now the guard has retracted his statement.Lewinsky learns that Sternwood's son, Ruan, has collapsed on an aircraft runway while travelling under an alias and has been hospitalized. Ruan had made a call to an Iceland landline number before he collapsed, so the police intend to go to Iceland to find Jacob Sternwood, but Lewinsky has no faith in this idea. The police ignore Lewinsky's doubts; they go to Iceland and surround Sternwood's property but he escapes, leaving behind a booby trap bomb which kills several policemen. Lewinsky suggests that Ruan's location be made public to draw Jacob out of hiding, and offers to stay in the hospital with Sarah to await Jacob's appearance. Jacob goes to the hospital to confirm his son's situation and manages to leave without being caught. Ruan dies shortly afterwards but it is decided not to reveal this on the off-chance that Sternwood will return to try to free his son. Lewinsky decides to find the security guard who had retracted his statement, thinking that Sternwood may have forced him to do so. The security guard refuses to help. Meanwhile, Sarah follows Warns to the container yard to look for evidence but is intercepted by Warns who kills her.Bartnick is contacted by Sternwood. Bartnick arranges to meet Sternwood at a club to tell him who shot Ruan. Geiger, having tapped the phone call, informs Lewinsky about the meeting. Lewinsky goes to the club to anticipate Sternwood's arrival but Bartnick and Warns are already there working together and Lewinsky is caught in a trap. A gunfight follows between Lewinsky, Bartnick and Warns, and Sternwood, during which Bartnick is fatally shot by Sternwood. Sternwood decides to protect Lewinsky, apparently as a result of their previous encounter when Sternwood had shot Lewinsky, however after the gunfight Lewinsky attacks Sternwood but is overcome by him then Sternwood demands to be taken to see his son. Lewinsky complies without revealing that Ruan is dead, and takes Sternwood to the hospital mortuary. Sternwood is at once heartbroken and incensed by the realization that his son is dead. Whilst at the hospital mortuary Lewinsky discovers that Sarah is dead when he comes across her body on a stretcher.Sternwood and Lewinsky now confront Warns at his house. Warns is told that his collaboration with Geiger is known, along with the details of the gunrunning trade. A shootout ensues resulting in Warns being taken prisoner and forced to contact Geiger to arrange a meeting at ""The Punch"", a section of the container yard. Lewinsky and Sternwood force Warns to go with them to the meeting. When Geiger arrives they ambush him. Lewinsky blames Geiger for Sarah's death and accuses him of complicity in the arms deal among other criminal dealings. Geiger admits ""turning a blind eye"" on many occasions. Suddenly armed military contractors from Kincade make their presence known by opening fire which is followed by another gunfight during which Lewinsky kills Warns and Sternwood shoots Geiger dead. Lewinsky and Sternwood now face each other and Lewinsky raises his gun, but recalling the earlier time when Sternwood deliberately did not kill him, allows him to flee then presents himself to the arriving police."
Angela	2	"Angela is a 10-year-old girl trying to cope with a dysfunctional family and is on a quest to ""purify"" herself. Her parents, Mae and Andrew, are former performers who have resigned themselves to the loss of their dreams. They are now having problems in their relationship. Mae has drastic mood shifts that bring her from manic happiness to utter misery. Andrew tries to hold everyone together, but Mae's vacillations are becoming more than he can manage.Angela tries to cope by inventing an imaginary universe of 'order' for herself and her 6 year old little sister, Ellie. Left to figure out everything for themselves, she grabs at scraps of religion, superstition, and fantasy to try to make some sense out of the world and understand the difference between good and evil.Adrift, she and Ellie concoct magical rituals and have visions of fallen angels and the Virgin Mary; reading signs in the way a towel falls off a chair or a tool falls off a truck, they set off to find their way to heaven. They wander through the neighborhood, meet a lot of strange people, and try to find a way to absolve themselves of whatever 'sins' they may have committed, and 'go to heaven'.At first, the stories that Angela tells Ellie are mainly meant to scare her into submission. But as time goes on, and her mother succumbs to mental illness, Angela becomes obsessed with the idea that the only way her mother is going to get better is if she and her sister can wash away all of their sins.Angela may have inherited her mother's mental illness that is now beginning to manifest itself. Angela does appear to display some common attributes of what could be described as religious mania brought on by schizophrenia or a similar mental illness that involves visual and auditory hallucinations."
Aag	0	The films story revolves around Shanker and his mute sister Durgi.
 You're Next	1	"Eric Harson and his girlfriend Talia finish having sex. After taking a shower, Eric finds Talia’s corpse and “You’re Next” written in her blood. Eric is then attacked and killed by Lamb Mask with a machete.Later, a woman named Erin accompanies her boyfriend, Crispian Davison to his family reunion at their rural Missouri vacation home. Present are Crispian's parents Aubrey and Paul, Drake (Crispian's older brother) and Kelly (Drake's wife), younger Davison siblings Felix and Aimee, Zee (Felix's girlfriend) and Tariq (Aimee's boyfriend).During a dinner argument, crossbow bolts are shot through the window, hitting and killing Tariq and wounding Drake. With their cell phone signals jammed by the attackers, Aimee runs out the front door to get help, but runs into a garrote wire which slices her throat. She quickly dies from blood loss. Crispian leaves the house to find help. Paul brings Aubrey to her bedroom upstairs; when Paul leaves, Fox Mask appears from under the bed with the machete and kills Aubrey. The rest of the family rushes upstairs to find Aubrey dead with the words ""You're next"" scrawled on the wall in blood and the machete stuck in her face.Erin texts 911 and begins finding objects that can be used as weapons. She encounters Tiger Mask and evades his attack, wounding him in the process. Kelly returns to the bedroom and discovers Fox Mask still hiding under the bed; she panics and runs to the neighboring home. After pounding on the window for help, she gets inside but discovers the murdered couple who were killed at the beginning of the film, and is killed by Lamb Mask. Back at the house, Tiger Mask fails to kill Erin and is in turn killed by her with a meat tenderizer. Lamb Mask finds Drake, but Erin stabs him with a screwdriver and he retreats.While exploring the house, Paul finds evidence that the killers had been staying in the house for some time. He tries to tell Zee and Felix, but Fox Mask slits his throat, killing him. It is revealed that Felix and Zee hired the assassins to murder the family and collect their inheritance. Meanwhile, Erin (still unaware of Felix and Zee's scheme) and Zee set up traps together; Erin explains that she grew up on a survivalist compound where she learned her combat and survival skills. Zee is about to attempt to kill Erin, but is interrupted. Felix lures Drake to the basement and fatally stabs him with several screwdrivers.Erin overhears an argument between Felix, Zee, Fox Mask and Lamb Mask. Realizing their plans, she escapes from the house, injuring her leg in the process. Erin doubles back to the house and kills Lamb Mask by stabbing him in the head with a screwdriver. Realizing she cannot outrun the remaining killer with a wounded leg, Erin sets up a trap at the front door. Fox Mask, however, enters the house through a window, so she sets up an ambush in the basement and kills him with a log. With their hired assassins dead, Zee and Felix attempt to kill Erin themselves, but she brutally kills them both, sticking a live blender onto Felix's head and stabbing Zee through the head. Crispian calls Felix's phone, and when Erin picks up the call, he inadvertently reveals his involvement in the scheme. Crispian returns to the house and, ignoring his attempts to bribe her with money, Erin fatally stabs him in the neck and eye.A policeman arrives and shoots Erin in the shoulder, having seen her kill Crispian. After calling for backup, he attempts to enter the house but is accidentally killed by Erin's front door trap that was intended for Fox Mask."
Muni	1	Ganesh (Raghava Lawrence), a young man with a deep fear of ghosts who refuses to even go out after 6pm, moves into a new house with his mother (Kovai Sarala), father (Vinu Chakravarthy) and wife (Vedhicka) not knowing that it is the residence where Muni met his death and where his spirit now resides. Muni enters Ganesh's body and Ganesh starts behaving in a rude manner, his family couldn't understand why his behavior is weird so they seek the help of a priest (Nassar). Priest asks the ghost about his whereabouts. The ghost says that he is Muniyaandi (Rajkiran) and starts saying his flashback. Muniyaandi was a kind-hearted poor man living in the slums with his daughter and other people. Muni's friend is Marakka Dhandapani MLA (Kadhal Dhandapani) who uses Muni to make him win in elections and promises that he would give lands to the poor villagers. Dhandapani wins the election but he cheats Muni. Muni fights with Dhandapaani but he kills both him and his daughter. Dhandapaani lies to poor people saying that Muni and his Daughter had fled with the money he had given Muni for the welfare of the village residents. Ganesh accepts Muni and he enters his body. Ganesh enters Dhandapaani's household and terrorizes him and his assistants. Dhandapaani comes to know that the spirit of Muni resides in Ganesh's body so he gets a shaman (Rahul Dev) to save his life. The shaman bargains with Muni who agrees to let Dhandapaani go if Dhandapaani repents and helps the poor villagers. In the climax, at Ayyanaar temple, Dhandapaani confesses to the people that he had actually killed Muni and Muni's daughter. Dhandapaani then leaves money with the villagers. Muni talks with the people and eats the feast prepared by them. The shaman instructs Muni to leave Ganesh's body and he does. However, Dhandapaani had lied and was planning to get back all his money from the villagers. Ganesh, upon hearing this kills Dhandapaani while pretending to be still possessed by Muni. The shaman sees through this act of Ganesh but instead does nothing as the shaman sees the injustice done by Dhandapaani.
Chicago Calling	1	Bill Cannon's drinking and seeming unwillingness to settle down in a job costs him his family. His wife, Mary, decides to move to her mother's in Baltimore, and is taking her and Bill's daughter, Nancy, with her. An aspiring but failed photographer, Bill pawns his camera to pay for Mary's car-ride share; he then goes on an alcohol binge.Finally returning home two days later, Bill meets a telephone lineman, Jim, who is removing the phone because of an overdue bill. A telegram from Mary is also there. Nancy has been seriously injured in a car crash near Chicago, and Mary has wired that she will telephone Bill to let him know how Nancy's required surgery goes.In desperation, Bill persuades Jim to keep the phone line there for 24 more hours. He desperately seeks ways to get the $53 he needs but is refused loans and relief. A young boy, Bobby Kimball, accidentally hits, but only slightly injures, Bill's dog with his bicycle.The two become friends and Bill learns that Bobby is being raised by an abusive sister, Babs, who intends to place him in an orphanage when she marries her boyfriend. Bobby offers the money he has saved working at the market, $57.75, to Bill to pay for the phone service. They go to Bobby's home where the boy discovers his savings bank is missing. Babs' boyfriend is napping on Bobby's bed and a roll of money has slipped from his pocket. After Babs tells Bobby she hid the savings bank for safety, Bill leaves. Bobby catches up to him and gives him the boyfriend's money, over $100. They agree that Bill will use what he needs and when Bobby finds his own money, he will replace it all in a manner that will ensure the boyfriend never knows his money was taken.The phone company is closed by the time Bill arrives, so the two take in a baseball game. After the game ends, Bobby notices the money is gone from his jeans' pocket. However, they discover that someone turned it in to the lost and found. A conscience-stricken Bill decides to return it. Babs and her boyfriend come home as Bill is trying to call Chicago from their apartment. Bobby and Bill point out they have returned the money, but the boyfriend throws Bill out and calls the police.Bill manages to land an overnight job on a construction site and next morning uses the money he earned to call Chicago from a pay phone. Bobby had been waiting outside Bill's apartment but, after talking with Jim, goes looking for Bill. He finds him and lets him know that the police will likely be showing up. No information is forthcoming from Chicago, so the two return to Bill's. Bobby remembers to mention that Jim had been by to take out the phone. However, the lineman calls from the telephone pole to let Bill know he has decided to allow him to receive the expected call from Mary, for free, thanks to Bobby's persuasion earlier. As the police arrive to arrest Bill, the call comes through. He learns that his daughter has died. Overhearing this, the officers work it out so that Bill can remain free.Bill wanders carelessly through the city, ending up at a railroad yard where he contemplates suicide. Bobby has followed him and calls out as a train bears down on Bill. After the train passes, the yard engineer asks Bill if he was trying to kill himself and if Bobby is his son. Bill assures both that he is not going to kill himself and that the boy is his son. The two walk away together.
Seafood	1	Zhang Xiaomei (Jin Ze), is a prostitute living in Beijing. When relationship problems with her boyfriend erupt, she flees to the resort city of Beidaihe and takes a room in a small hotel where she contemplates committing suicide. There she meets a young poet. The next morning, she wakes and learns that the poet has slit his wrists.When the police arrive, she meets Deng Jianguo (Cheng Taisheng), a middle-aged officer who questions her over the poet's death. Their relationship soon grows increasingly complicated as Deng learns of Xiaomei's plans to commit suicide. Over the course of several days, he takes her to eat seafood dinners, extolling the virtues and health benefits of the diet, including a claim that it makes him a more potent lover. When Xiaomei tries to commit suicide in a nearby town, she is thwarted by Deng who brings her back to Beidaihe and proceeds to rape her.Xiaomei eventually leaves the seaside town for Beijing again.
Barry Munday	0	"Barry Munday (Patrick Wilson), a lonely womanizer, wakes up after being attacked to realize that he's missing his ""family jewels"". To make matters worse, he learns he's facing a paternity lawsuit filed by a woman, Ginger (Judy Greer), he can't remember having sex with. Though unintentional, the two discover that their meeting and subsequent ""accidents"" opened up new opportunities for personal growth and relationships."
Opium and the Kung-Fu Master	0	Master Tie Qiao San (Ti Lung), the leader of the Ten Tigers of Canton, is the chief coach of China's militia. At that time, the opium ban was in use, but public sale of opium was widely available. Many bureaucrats were taking opium, a trend that Tie followed. As Tie takes opium, his physical skills were declining. Seeing how Tie's skills are declining, opium store owner Rong Feng (Chen Kuan-tai) challenges Tie to a public duel. Tie struggles to fight Rong and was in serious danger until his disciple Lu Guasi (Robert Mak) steps in to rescue him before dying from his injuries. Seeing his disciple killed by Rong, Tie vows to seek revenge.
Love Khichdi	2	Vir is a bachelor from a small town working as a sous-chef in a five-star hotel in Mumbai, India. He is a handsome, charming, macho, idiot who flirts with, yearns for and lusts after any woman who is friendly, but seems unattainable. From his man-hating maid, whom he ogles as she wipes his floor, to the man-eating owner of a call centre who could wipe the floor with him, to the too-tall model, and the too-young pest down the corridor...from the Bengali-Beauty-with-Brains-and-Books to the married-flirt next door - Vir is suckered by them all.With his ego, confusion and commitment ... it is so difficult to stop flattering and lying, to himself. The sometimes smart and sometimes silly observations of his all-male gang of cooks at the hotel kitchen is of little help until Vir is finally forced to grow up.
The Return of October	0	"Terry is a teenage girl whose Uncle Willy, a horse trainer, dreams of winning the Derby. He bets everything on his horse Sunset, then collapses and dies after it loses.Now living with wealthy Aunt Martha, the girl is convinced that Uncle Willy has been reincarnated as a horse named October. A psychology professor, Bentley Bassett, writes a book about Terry, which is used in a sanity hearing against her by crooked relatives who want dying Aunt Martha's money.Bassett uses college funds to help Terry buy the horse. They enter October in the Derby, where other bettors join them in cheering ""Uncle Willy"" to victory."
Watchers	1	An explosion occurs in a classified research laboratory, causing an intense fire. A mutated monster known as the OXCOM (Outside Experimental Combat Mammal) escapes and chases a golden retriever from the same lab, through the surrounding woods. The dog outruns it and hides in a barn. In the barn, Travis Cornell (Corey Haim) is with his girlfriend Tracey (Lala Sloatman). Thinking it is her father, Travis leaves. Tracey discovers the beast and screams, summoning her father who is attacked. Meanwhile, Travis finds the dog in the back of his car and a military/police force is sweeping the area for the escapees. Travis starts to realize the dog is extraordinary and decides to keep it. Meanwhile, an NSO agent named Johnson (Michael Ironside) is dispatched by the corporation to retrieve the animals.The next morning, Travis's mother informs him that there has been an accident and that Tracey is in the hospital. Travis and his mother rush to the hospital, but Agent Johnson and his partner will not allow them to see her. Travis pushes past them into Tracey's room, only to find it completely empty. The men claim that she has been transferred to a better location. Travis is puzzled as to why the men were armed. At home, Travis' mother is displeased about the dog. She allows him to keep it when Travis shows the level of intelligence that the dog possesses. While bathing the dog, Travis sees GH3 tattooed on its ear, and concludes it is a research dog, which would explain its superior intellect.Agent Johnson stops by Travis' house to ask questions and the dog hides. The dog tracks Travis down at school, where he types 'D ANG ER N S O' on a computer. Travis is given detention for bringing a pet to school. Meanwhile, 3 of Travis' friends are murdered by the OXCOM in the woods. The OXCOM then traces the dog to the school, where two staff members are killed. One is able to call police. The now-suspicious sheriff and a policewoman arrive, and she is also killed. When the sheriff confronts Agent Johnson, he is forced to tell the sheriff the truth regarding the killer, but asks that they move to a quieter location away from the press. He explains that it was a scientific project gone wrong and that the OXCOM is chasing the dog, which targets and kills anything it comes across or that has been in contact with the dog. He then abruptly murders the sheriff.A family friend who is fixing the washing machine mentions that a man stopped by earlier asking if they owned a dog. Travis, realizing the NSO is after them, sneaks out of the house. His mother stops him before he can drive away, telling him that they are in it together. Back inside, they find their friend dead. They run upstairs with the dog, locking the bedroom door. The beast begins to break it down. The mother climbs onto the adjacent rooftop while Travis grabs a hunting gun. He tells her to start the truck and jumps out the window followed by the dog who is knocked down by the OXCOM. He fires, then picks up the injured dog, and the three drive to a veterinarian. Noticing the code on the dog’s ear, the vet calls the authorities. Travis catches on and they leave the vet's office before the NSO agents can arrive. The next morning after the agents track them to the motel they are staying, the mother creates a diversion, allowing Travis and the dog to escape the NSO agents. Travis takes the dog to his father's old cabin in the woods. His mother insists the NSO agents let her visit Tracey. Although Johnson claims the NSO is protecting her while she recovers, Travis' mother realizes that the sedated Tracey is unharmed and her room has no medical equipment, and that the NSO are holding her as a prisoner.The agents take the women to the cabin to use as hostages, but Travis throws a homemade Molotov cocktail at the NSO agents, allowing the two women to run into the cabin. Agent Johnson fires at them, but he is stopped by his partner who balks at murdering a woman and two kids. Johnson then reveals that he is the corporation's third experiment, a genetically engineered assassin with no conscience, and kills his partner. In a tussle with Johnson, Travis is stabbed in the leg with his own knife. The dog jumps through the window and onto Johnson, allowing Travis to stab him through the neck. Johnson, unfazed by the stab wound, claims that they will die anyway before being shot to death by Mrs. Cornell. Armed with homemade weapons, the team readies themselves for the beast. When it arrives, Travis shoots at it and it throws the dog into the truck windshield. Travis follows it into the woods, where he finds it injured and sobbing. At first, he cannot bring himself to kill it. It then attacks him and he is forced to finish it off. Travis, his mother, Tracey and the dog regroup and leave in the beaten truck as the farmhouse burns down.
Borat! Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan	1	"At the behest of the Kazakh Ministry of Information, reporter Borat Sagdiyev leaves Kazakhstan for the United States, which he called ""Greatest Country in the World"", the ""U, S and A"", to make a documentary. He leaves behind his wife Oksana and other inhabitants of his village. His companions are his producer Azamat Bagatov and a pet hen.In New York, the cultural differences are highlighted when Borat washes his face with toilet water, masturbates to a mannequin and then defecates in front of Trump Tower. Borat sees an episode of Baywatch on TV and immediately falls in love with Pamela Anderson's character, C. J. Parker. While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists, he learns of the actress's name and her residence in California. Borat is then informed by telegram that Oksana has been killed by a bear. Delighted, he resolves to travel to California and make Pam Anderson his new wife. Azamat is afraid of flying because of the September 11, 2001, attacks, which he believes were the work of Jews. Borat takes driving lessons and buys a dilapidated ice-cream truck for the journey.During the trip, Borat acquires a Baywatch booklet and continues gathering footage for his documentary. He meets gay pride parade participants, politicians Alan Keyes and Bob Barr, and African American youths. When Borat tells Keyes about the friends he made at gay pride, Keyes reveals that they are homosexual, stunning Borat and filling him with regret. Borat is also interviewed at a live local television station and proceeds to disrupt the weather report. Visiting a rodeo, Borat excites the crowd with jingoistic remarks, but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of ""The Star-Spangled Banner"", receiving a strong negative reaction.Staying at a bed-and-breakfast, Borat and Azamat are shocked to find out their hosts are Jewish. The two escape after throwing money at two cockroaches, believing that Jews can shape-shift. Borat attempts to buy a handgun to defend himself, but is turned away because he is not an American citizen, so he buys a bear instead.An etiquette coach suggests Borat attend a private dinner at an eating club in the South. During the dinner, he unintentionally offends the other guests. When he lets Luenell, an African-American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table, they both get kicked out. Borat befriends Luenell, and she invites him into a relationship with her, but he tells her that he is in love with someone else. Borat then visits an antique shop where he clumsily breaks various Confederate heritage items, almost bankrupting the documentary and offers to pay for the damage with pubic hair.At a hotel, Borat, just out of the bath, sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson. A furious Borat accidentally reveals that she is the reason why they're travelling across the entire country instead of staying in New York. Azamat becomes livid at Borat's deception, and the situation escalates into a nude brawl with huge material damage to their room which spills out into the hallway, a crowded elevator, and then into a packed convention ballroom.Azamat abandons Borat, taking his passport, all of their money, and their bear (whose head is later seen inside Azamat's motel refrigerator). Borat's truck runs out of gas, and he begins to hitchhike to California. He is soon picked up by drunken fraternity brothers from the University of South Carolina. On learning the reason for his trip, they show him the Pam and Tommy sex tape which reveals that she is not a virgin. Despondent, Borat burns the Baywatch booklet and, by mistake, his return ticket to Kazakhstan.Borat attends a United Pentecostal camp meeting, at which Republican U.S. Representative Chip Pickering and Mississippi Supreme Court Chief Justice James W. Smith, Jr. are present. He regains his faith, and forgives Azamat and Pamela. He accompanies church members on a bus to Los Angeles and disembarks to find Azamat dressed as Oliver Hardy (though Borat thinks that he is dressed as Adolf Hitler). The two reconcile and Azamat tells Borat where to find Pamela Anderson. Borat finally comes face-to-face with Anderson at a book signing at a Virgin Megastore. After showing Anderson his ""traditional marriage sack"", Borat pursues her throughout the store in an attempt to abduct her until security guards intervene.Borat visits Luenell and they return to Kazakhstan together, bringing back American customs and technology. This includes the apparent conversion of the people to Christianity (the Kazakh version of which includes crucifixion and torturing of Jews) and the introduction of computer-based technology, such as iPods, laptop computers and a high-definition LCD television.Over the credits, the fictional Kazakhstan national anthem which Borat sang at the rodeo is played accompanied by images of Soviet-style industry."
A Stranger Came Home	0	"Four friends go on a fishing trip but only three return. After an absence of four years, the fourth man, Philip Vickers, returns home an amnesiac. He tells of a ""friend"" who knocked him out, drugged him, and left him to die. Any one of the remaining men could be a suspect as Job Crandall, Bill Saul and Harry Bryce are all interested in Philip's attractive widow, Angie. Unfortunately, Philip's return coincides with a murder and he becomes the main suspect. Angie joins forces with her husband to help solve the mystery and clear his name."
Mexican Hayride	1	Joe Bascomb (Lou Costello) chases con man Harry Lambert (Bud Abbott) to Mexico City, after Harry apparently swindled him (and some friends) in an oil stock scam back in the United States. Joe's ex-girlfriend, Mary (Virginia Grey) has hired Harry as her agent, and is going by the name 'Montana', passing herself off as a toreador. When Joe encounters Harry at a bullring arena, he also sees Mary, who is in the ring. As part of 'Amigo Americana Week', she is about to toss her hat into the crowd where the lucky recipient will be proclaimed 'goodwill ambassador'. Mary is supposed to toss the hat to Gus Adamson (Frank Fenton), another con man whom Harry has arranged to be chosen, but Mary instead throws the hat in anger at Joe. It turns out that Joe, now the 'goodwill ambassador', is also being pursued by American authorities for partaking in the oil stock scam; he uses an alias, 'Humphrey Fish', while in Mexico.Joe is persuaded to participate in Harry's, Dagmar's (Luba Malina) and Mary's plan to sell fake silver mine stock. While giving tours of the bogus mine, Joe extols its beauty and sells stock to anyone he can. Eventually the authorities track down and incarcerate Joe, along with Harry; Joe manages to escape and, disguised as an old Mexican woman, helps Harry escape. They return to the bullring in search of Dagmar and the stock money. Joe enters the ring, only to be chased by an irate bull. Dagmar, who has the money concealed in her hat, tosses it to him. Harry enters the ring to retrieve the hat from Joe, who is still being pursued by the bull. Eventually, the money is recovered and returned to the authorities. The gang is cleared of wrongdoing involving the silver mine, but are not yet cleared in their oil stock scam back in the States. Dagmar makes reparations for those charges as well, and they are free to return home.
Broom-Stick Bunny	0	"It is Halloween night, and Witch Hazel is concocting a batch of witch's brew. As she goes about her business, she pauses at her magic mirror and asks it who is the ugliest one of all. The genie in the mirror replies that she, Witch Hazel, is the ugliest one of all. Hazel explains to the audience that she is ""deathly afraid"" of getting prettier as she grows older, a fear that she initially just laughs off.Meanwhile, Bugs Bunny is out trick-or-treating dressed as a witch, his face hidden by an ugly green mask. He calls on Witch Hazel, who, seeing his costume, mistakes him for an actual witch (""I don't remember seeing her at any of the union meetings before""). After making a comment about Bugs' appearance (""Isn't she the ugliest thing?""), she dashes to her magic mirror and asks it a second time who is the ugliest one of all. The genie in the mirror looks towards Bugs, also thinks that he is a witch and replies that he actually finds Bugs far uglier.The jealous witch then hatches a plot: she invites the disguised Bugs in for tea, and prepares a potion containing an assortment of beauty enhancers. Bugs is about to drink the tea when he remembers that he is still wearing his mask and takes it off. Seeing that her ""rival"" is a rabbit, Witch Hazel dashes off to consult her cookbook. Sure enough, one of the ingredients for the brew she was making earlier is a rabbit's clavicle.While she is gone, Bugs suspects there's trouble afoot and makes to leave, but he is stopped by Witch Hazel brandishing a meat cleaver. Bugs flees, with the cackling witch chasing him throughout the house. She dashes to her magic broom closet to grab her flying broomstick to keep up with him, but instead she mounts her magic sweeping broom by accident. The broom starts sweeping the floor with her clinging to it until she lets go (""Crazy me, that was my sweeping broom!""). As Bugs hides, Witch Hazel finally traps Bugs using a carrot on a fishing rod.Back at her cauldron, Hazel prepares to kill Bugs and use him in her potion. She is about to bring her cleaver down on the trussed-up rabbit, but he plays to her sympathies, gazing back at her with tear-filled doe eyes. Overcome with mercy, Witch Hazel bursts into tears, saying his innocent face reminds her of Paul, her pet tarantula. Bugs tries comforting her by bringing her the cup of beauty elixir disguised as tea, which she unknowingly drinks. Hazel instantly changes into a well-contoured redheaded beauty (a caricature of what Hazel's voice actress, June Foray, looked like at the time) as Milt Franklyn strikes up ""Oh, You Beautiful Doll"" in the background. Being a witch, Hazel is horrified at the prospect of becoming young and beautiful, a fate worse than death to her.Hazel dashes to her magic mirror a third time and meekly asks the genie (in a softer, sexier tone of voice) if she is still ugly. Upon seeing Hazel's new appearance, the genie gives a very Bob Hope-like ""ROWR, ROWR!"", immediately falling in love with her, and lunges to grab her. Hazel then flees on her actual flying broomstick, with the genie slowly gaining on her with his magic carpet. Bugs, who is still at Hazel's house, promptly calls the local air raid headquarters to report ""a genie with light brown hair chasing a flying sorceress!""."
Tokyo Sonata	0	"Tokyo Sonata is about a middle-class family in Tokyo, the Sasakis, which consists of Ryūhei Sasaki, his wife Megumi, and their two sons Takashi and Kenji.Ryūhei has a good office job, but is suddenly fired because Chinese workers are cheaper. While attempting to find a new job, Ryūhei encounters an old classmate on the street, Kurosu, who has also recently been downsized. Kurosu uses a feature on his mobile phone that plays the ring tone periodically, so that it may fool others into believing he is still employed. This intrigues Ryūhei, who decides to hide the fact that he has been fired from his family. While the two men hopelessly try to find new work, Kurosu's wife slowly begins to suspect her husband's unemployment. Kurosu is later found dead together with his wife from gas poisoning in a double suicide, thought to be initiated by Kurosu.Takashi, the oldest son, joins the US military and is deployed to war in the Middle East. Kenji, the younger son, wishes to learn to play the piano, even though his father refuses to allow him piano lessons. Kenji takes lessons secretly, and pays for them using his lunch money. Gradually, Kenji develops a strong relationship with his piano teacher, Miss Kaneko, who urges him to pursue his musical ambitions. When his parents find out about Kenji's secret piano lessons, Megumi, who is generally closer to the children, is supportive, but Ryūhei is so furious that he attacks his son, accidentally causing him a minor concussion.One day, Megumi, while alone at home, is taken hostage by an unemployed man who broke in looking for money. The robber forces Megumi to drive a car he has stolen previously. After a long drive, he allows her leave the car to use the restroom where she has the opportunity to escape. However, she encounters her husband at the mall working in his secret job as a janitor and decides to return to her captor saying that she cannot return home.That night, Megumi, Ryūhei, and Kenji all have experiences away from home in which they confront the full extent of their existential disquiet.Kenji attempts to help a friend run away from home, but the latter is caught by his father. Kenji tries to leave town by sneaking onto a bus, but he is caught. Unwilling to answer the questions of the police, Kenji is charged as an adult and kept in a group cell overnight. He is released the following day when the charges are dismissed.Megumi and the burglar drive to the beach together, where they spend the night in a wood shed. Megumi resigns to the robber's sexual advances, but he ultimately is unable to go through with the act itself. Megumi consoles the robber that he is not a failure, saying that he is the only person who can be himself. Later that night, as the robber sleeps, Megumi spots a strange light on the horizon over the sea. She goes out to look for the light and falls asleep on the beach. The next morning, the robber has driven the stolen car into the ocean, and Megumi returns home.Meanwhile, as he cleans the bathrooms at the mall where he works, Ryūhei discovers an envelope stuffed with cash behind one of the toilets. He pockets it and encounters Megumi while fleeing the bathrooms, from whom he runs away. Ryūhei then despairingly wanders into the Tokyo night, is hit by a truck, and left for dead. He lies on the side of the street amid some leaves and sleeps there overnight, only to find himself waking up in the morning unharmed. He deposits the envelope of cash in a local lost-and-found bucket, and is the last to arrive back at the house, where the three family members share a meal together without mentioning the events of the previous night.Four months later, Ryūhei appears to be engaged in his cleaning job. Takashi sends a letter home from the field, noting that he has realized that the U.S military is not the only right side and that he will stay in the America to search his happiness there. The final scene depicts Kenji performing ""Clair de Lune"" from the Suite bergamasque at his audition with Megumi, Ryūhei, and his piano teacher watching. His performance is flawless."
Husband Hunters	0	The film looks at the exploits of chorus girls Marie (Mae Busch) and Helen (Duane Thompson) who have dedicated themselves to finding and marrying millionaire husbands. The two ladies enlist the help of the innocent young Lettie Crane (Jean Arthur) in their scheme. Lettie is a girl from a small town who dreams of one day making it big on Broadway.After being enlisted by the two, Lettie is left heartbroken by a callous young man and regrets her involvement. However, by the film's end, she is the only one of the trio who finally finds true love. Another chorus girl, Cynthia Kane (Mildred Harris) follows the antics of the trio with both amusement and disapproval.[2]
Asuravithu (അസുരവിത്ത്‌)	0	Don Bosco is a soft-spoken and religious young man who is studying in a seminary. He takes upon himself the task of bringing to heel the Pathaam Kalam gang, who killed his father years ago. Don meets head on with the Cochin underworld kings, and rechristens himself as Don Daveed. Henceforth his operations start bearing the brand of the D Company. The movie also has acid's son in the plot. He accompanies Don in the D companyAsuravithu is a sequel to the 2002 film Stop Violence, starring Prithviraj. It is shown in the film that Don Bosco (Asif Ali) is the son of Saathan (Prithviraj).
Fair Wind to Java	2	"In 1883, the Boston, Massachusetts, company that owns the full-rigged sailing ship Gerrymander gives the ship's captain, Captain Boll, six months to show a profit for the company in the Gerrymander's operations in the Netherlands East Indies. Facing both pirates and a trade exclusion policy that prevents him from carrying goods between ports in the islands, Boll looks for a way for the Gerrymander to make money. On Java, Boll encounters an Indonesian in Soerabaja whose life he once saved. The Indonesian tells Boll that native divers salvaged a fortune in diamonds from the sunken ship Pieterzoon, contrary to legend which says the diamonds were lost. The Indonesian directs Boll to a Chinese junk captain who has cargo that will lead Boll to the diamonds.[5]Upon contacting the junk captain, Boll discovers that the ""cargo"" actually is a woman named Kim Kim who knows the whereabouts of the diamonds. Kim Kim had been a dancer at the palace of the sultan, but the Chinese had taken her as a slave. Boll violates anti-slavery laws by buying her from the junk captain and smuggles her aboard the Gerrymander. Flint, the Gerrymander's first mate, discovers Kim Kim aboard the ship and finds out that Boll had purchased her; he blackmails Boll, threatening to turn Boll in to the Dutch authorities if Boll does not give him half the diamonds when they are found.[5]Posing as the naturalized Dutch citizen ""Saint"" Ebenezer, the pirate Pulo Besar also becomes aware that Kim Kim is aboard the Gerrymander. He tips off the authorities. They search the Gerrymander but do not find Kim Kim, who is hiding in a half-filled vat of water. Later, however, the Gerrymander's crew discovers her. Boll insists that they treat her well, but first he has to fight one of his sailors, Reeder, in order to protect her.[5]Boll constantly questions Kim Kim about the diamonds. At first, this angers her, but when he confides in her, telling her that he is impoverished but dreams of one day owning his own ship, she has a change of heart and decides to help him. She tells him that the diamonds are on what she calls the island of the fire god, Vishnu, which she visited as a child. Meanwhile, Flint incites the Gerrymander's crew against Boll by claiming that Kim Kim's presence aboard the ship has made Boll mentally unbalanced, and he leads a mutiny against Boll. When the mutinous crew confronts Boll, Boll offers the crew Flint's half of the fortune if they leave him in command of the Gerrymander. They agree, and the mutiny comes to an end. Flint is imprisoned. The Gerrymander sails on in search of Vishnu's island.[5]Boll and Kim Kim become romantically attracted to one another, but Kim Kim harbors a fear that Vishnu will become angry if Boll attempts to recover the diamonds from the island. Meanwhile, Besar and his pirates attack and seize control of the Gerrymander. The pirates take the Gerrymander and her crew to Besar's headquarters, on an island where he maintains an exquisite palace with servants and dancing girls. Besar has Boll imprisoned separately from his crew. In an attempt to get her to reveal the location of the diamonds, the pirates whip Kim Kim and show her that her mother, Bintang, is a prisoner of Besar's and has been broken by torture and imprisonment. Loyal to Boll, Kim Kim refuses to tell them anything about the diamonds. Giving up on torturing Kim Kim, Besar instead threatens to kill Boll unless she helps him find the diamonds. She agrees in order to save Boll's life. Flint and two other sailors from the Gerrymander also offer to cooperate with Besar in finding the diamonds.[5]Besar, his pirates, Kim Kim, Flint, and the two other sailors from the Gerrymander set sail for Vishnu's island in Besar's pirate ship. Meanwhile, the crewmen of the Gerrymander escape and set Boll free. They take back control of the Gerrymander from the pirates and set out in the Gerrymander in pursuit of Besar. To keep Besar from losing them during a moonless night, Boll and two of his men ride ahead of the Gerrymander in a longboat and send signals back to the Gerrymander to allow her to remain on Besar's tail. While they are doing this, one of the Gerrymander's sailors aboard Besar's ship, Wilson, sneaks off the ship and swims to Boll after overhearing where Besar is heading. Wilson's information allows Boll and his crew to identify Vishnu's island as Krakatoa.[5]Besar's ship and the Gerrymander both approach Krakatoa the following morning and find the island's volcano erupting. Despite their fear of the volcano, both the Gerrymander's men and Besar's pirates go ashore and climb the mountain, with each party racing the other to be the first get to a temple at the mouth of the volcano where the diamonds supposedly have been hidden. During the climb, Boll spots Kim Kim on the shore below. As the eruption becomes more powerful and lava begins to flow down the mountainside, Boll and the crew of the Gerrymander decide that the situation has become too dangerous for them to continue their climb to the diamonds; instead, they rescue Kim Kim, return to the Gerrymander, and head out to sea. Besar and his men also soon give up on finding the diamonds and put to sea in their own ship to flee the volcano. Boll expects the eruption to generate a huge tsunami, so he orders his crew to set the sea anchor and turns the Gerrymander toward Krakatoa to ride out the wave, which she successfully does. Besar instead makes the mistake of trying to outrun the tsunami, which capsizes his ship. He and his crew drown.[5]The eruption destroys Krakatoa, ending hopes of recovering the diamonds, but Boll tells the Gerrymander's crew that there is a 100,000-guilder bounty on Besar, which they will earn by handing Besar's island over to the Dutch authorities. In his capacity as captain of the ship, Boll then marries himself to Kim Kim on the deck of the Gerrymander as his crew looks on.[5]"
Kind Lady	1	A seemingly kind painter, Henry Elcott, tricks wealthy art collector Mary Herries into letting him, his wife Ada and their baby live in her London home. Ada has collapsed and a doctor claims it is best she not be moved. It turns out to be a diabolical scheme by Elcott to sell off the artwork of Mrs. Herries and everything else of value she owns while holding her and her housemaid Rose captive in their bedrooms. Elcott's accomplices, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, take over as the butler and maid. Elcott masquerades as the lady's nephew, come to take care of her affairs due to a sudden mental breakdown.The criminals taunt Mrs. Herries, placing her chair near a window, having informed the neighborhood that any screams they hear would be those of a woman who has gone mad. In no hurry to leave, Elcott goes so far as to paint a portrait of her. Mrs. Edwards gets anxious that they are staying too long in the house, which Elcott intends to sell. Mrs. Herries tries to bribe her, but the brutal Mr. Edwards snatches the money from his wife and refuses to leave. Tensions rise as Mrs. Herries learns the true identity of Elcott from a portrait of his wife that he signed with his real name. Ada has seen Elcott kill before and realizes he will again. She tries to free Rose, but the maid is murdered by Mr. Edwards. The time comes to pack up and leave. Mr. Edwards goes upstairs to push Mrs. Herries out the window, an apparent suicide. But the body in the chair has been switched by Mrs. Herries and Ada and is actually that of Rose. The police are on their way and Elcott realizes that he and Mr. and Mrs. Edwards have made a fatal mistake. [2]
Utah Blaine	0	"After saving a rancher from hanging, cowboy Mike ""Utah"" Blaine learns that his enemy Rink Witter is now a hired gun working for wealthy Russ Nevers, who is out to own every piece of land in the territory.Utah teams up with Angie Kinyon, another murdered landowner's daughter, and rancher Mary Blake to maintain lawful ownership of their properties. He has a fistfight with Gus Ortmann, a large and popular fellow in town who misunderstands Utah's purpose. Witter then pulls a gun, but Utah's old pal Rip Coker shoots it from his hand.Mary's cattle are stampeded and Gus is killed trying to protect her. The townspeople rally to Utah's side so that, when Nevers and Witter confront him, dozens of guns end up aimed at them. Utah ends up with a ranch of his own and with Angie as well."
Oh, Men! Oh, Women!	2	"Mildred Turner is a patient of a New York psychiatrist, Dr. Alan Coles. She is bored and frustrated in her marriage to a movie star, Arthur Turner. Coles is about to marry Myra Hagerman but is perplexed when neurotic new patient Grant Cobbler claims he is sleepless and heartsick over ""Myra,"" the woman he loves. Coles is then completely bewildered when Mildred mentions that her husband also used to date Myra. While confronting her about all this, Coles can hardly believe his eyes when a tipsy Arthur shows up at Myra's, embracing her, followed by Cobbler, who repeats his adoration of her. It leads to a fight, followed by Coles meeting the other two suitors in a bar to drown their sorrows. Coles is able to persuade Arthur to show wife Mildred the affection she wants.Alan later boards a luxury liner on the day he and Myra are supposed to set sail on a honeymoon cruise, not knowing if she will show up. When she does, Cobbler turns up as well. Coles tosses him down the gangplank. While still arguing about their situation, Coles and Myra fail to notice that the ship has sailed.[3]"
Wonderful Nightmare	1	Yeon-woo is a successful lawyer who is killed in an automobile accident. She wakes in heaven to find that her death was a clerical error and it was actually an old woman with the same name who was meant to die.To hide the mistake, she is asked to live as another woman – a housewife who was also killed by mistake – for just one month. Married to a very ordinary civil servant named Sung-hwan with a difficult teenage daughter and a precocious six-year-old, Yeon-woo finds herself changing in unexpected ways.
Insomnia Lover	0	An Ding, a freelance insomnia therapist meets a beautiful girl at a beach in Shenzhen. After finding out that she needs help in going to sleep, he makes her falls to sleep on her beach chair and sticks on her chest his business card sticker. In a nightclub he meets his goddess who disappears after he comes back from the toilet. That same woman goes to his clinic to seek treatment accompanied by her girlfriend Xiao-chen and An Ding finds out her name is Miao Tiao. Miao Tiao works in an insurance firm. Later, in the same nightclub Miao Tiao and Xiao-chen are saved by An Ding and his friend Fei from two male patrons of the nightclub that are harassing them. Thus begins a one-sided love affair between An Ding and Miao Tiao. The movie ended happily with Miao Tiao finally accepting An Ding's love and reciprocates.
Sherlock Holmes Faces Death	1	"Dr. Watson is serving as resident doctor at Musgrave Hall in Northumberland, a stately home which is also used as a hospital for a number of servicemen suffering from shell shock.[2]When Sally Musgrave displays her feelings for one of the wounded American fighter pilots, Captain Pat Vickery, who is currently recovering at the family estate, her brothers Geoffrey and Phillip are quick to show their dismay.Then one of the physicians working at the estate, Dr. Sexton, is assaulted by an unknown assailant when out on a walk. Dr. John Watson, who is in charge of the medical facility, goes to fetch his dear friend Sherlock Holmes to bring some clarity to the case of the attack.Upon his arrival to the estate, Sherlock Holmes discovers the dead body of one of the brothers, Geoffrey. Inspector Lestrade of the Scotland Yard is put on the case to solve the murder, and immediately arrests the captain as a suspect.Holmes is of another opinion about the flyer's guilt and continues to investigate on his own. Phillip is formally made the new head of the estate the next day with the aid of his sister. But after only one day of ruling the estate, Phillip too is found murdered, lying in the trunk of the car.Lestrade suspects the family butler, Alfred Brunton, to be the murderer because Phillip had just fired the butler. Trying to arrest the butler, Lestrade gets lost in the manor's secret passageways. Meanwhile Holmes and Watson look into the special ""Musgrave Ritual"" that the family uses to appoint the new head of the family. They find the words used in the ritual hidden in Sally's room and try to copy the ritual, which involves replaying a giant chess game on the checkered floor of the house main hall. As pieces in the game they use the household staff.The game gives them clues to the family's secret burial crypt underneath the house, and there they find Brunton murdered, clutching a case containing an old document. Holmes examines the body for clues and sets a trap for the murderer. After the others have retired for the day, Holmes sneaks back into the crypt and waits for the murderer to reappear. Before long, Sexton appears, where Holmes confronts him with the evidence that he has found and observed throughout the investigation. Sexton, however, manages to overpower Holmes and takes his revolver. Then Sexton confesses that he indeed is the one responsible for the murders. When he tries to shoot Holmes he discovers that the bullets are blanks. Lestrade and Watson come to the rescue and arrest Sexton.Explaining the meaning of the document found in the crypt to Sally, Holmes suggests that Sexton had discovered the old land grant that made the Musgraves worth millions of pounds, and then killed both brothers and implicated Capt. Vickery, hoping to marry Sally who would inherit the estate. Sexton also tried to frame the captain so that he could not marry Sally. Sally destroys the document, not wanting to be rich at the cost of others' lives.[3]Driving away with Watson, Holmes muses on Sally's selfless act:"
Rusi Kanda Poonai	0	Rusi Kanda Poonai is a gripping emotional story of Savithri and Ramesh, played by Saritha and Sudhakar respectively.
Ooty Varai Uravu	2	A wealthy businessman from Ooty, Vedachalam (T. S. Balaiah), is married to Sundari and has a son, Ravi (Sivaji Ganesan) who is now taking care of the family business. Vedachalam is also secretly married to Sivakami and has a daughter Vijaya (L. Vijayalakshmi), by the second marriage. After Sivakami's death, his daughter decides to seek him out and sets out to Ooty to confront him with proofs of his second marriage.Meanwhile, Vijaya (K. R. Vijaya) is the daughter of a wealthy zamindar. After her parents death, her uncle tries to marry her in order to acquire her wealth. Unwilling to marry him, she runs away from home. On the way to the railway station, her taxi runs over Vijaya. She tries to take her to the hospital, but the taxi driver refuses to help. Ravi who comes on the same road sees Vijaya and hospitalises her.Vijaya reaches the railway station and realises that she has Vijaya's luggage. She opens the trunk and finds evidence of Vedachalam and Sivakami's wedding. Needing a place to stay, she decides to go to Vedachalam and claim that she is his daughter. She meets Ravi on the train and she pretends to be Vedachalam's daughter. Ravi is disturbed to know that his father had a second wife, but does not reveal his identity to her.Vijaya meets Vedachalam and confronts him. He accepts the charges and introduces her to his wife and son as his friend's daughter. Vijaya also agrees to pretend to be his friend's daughter. Ravi initially accepts her claim and later realises that she is not his real sister because his sister is left-handed while Vijaya is right-handed. She is forced to tell him the truth.Initially, Ravi decides to throw her out but later tells her to continue acting as his sister in order to make his father accept his real sister. Meanwhile, he falls in love with her and his mother accepts their relationship and want to get them married. Vedachalam is against this relationship since he believes that Vijaya is his daughter.Having lost the proof of her birth, the now-recovered Vijaya meets her boyfriend, Sundaram (R. Muthuraman) and seeks his help. Since his father is against love marriages, Sundaram puts her up temporarily in a hotel.Dr. Tirupathy (Nagesh) is Vedachalam's family physician and he sees a “Missing” advertisement placed by Vijaya's uncle and tries to find out who she is. Meanwhile, Ravi meets his real sister in the hotel with Sundaram. Being Sundaram's friend, he tries to help the couple without revealing his relationship with Vijaya. At his suggestion, Sundaram takes Vijaya home claiming that he ran over her and that she has lost her memory as a result of the accident.Sundaram calls in Ravi who pretends to be a doctor and they convince Sundaram's father (V. K. Ramaswamy) that if he does not help treat Vijaya, Sundaram will be jailed for the accident. So she stays in the house, and they give her a new name, Rathi.Since Ravi has to return to Ooty, Sundaram, his father and Rathi move there as well. There Ravi tells Sundaram's father that she is Vedachalam's daughter. He also advices him to get his son married to Vijaya on the quiet since her father is much wealthier than him and may not agree to the marriage. Vijaya wants Ravi to attend the wedding but he says that he is having a registered marriage with Vijaya on that day.Being anxious to get his son married to the wealthy Vijaya as soon as possible, Sundaram's father promises to conduct both weddings together at his expense. Meanwhile, there is a little bust up as Dr. Thirupathy's wife (Kumari Sachu) informs Vijaya's uncle about her whereabouts and he kidnaps her on the wedding day. However, Dr Thirupathy, Ravi and Sundaram rescue her and return to the wedding venue.Vedachalam who comes there to attend Sundaram's wedding is shocked to see that Ravi is getting married there as well. Pushed to a corner, Vedachalam is forced to confess that he had a daughter by a second marriage and that Vijaya is this daughter. Ravi then steps forward and explains that she is not the daughter but Vijaya is. Sundari forgives Vedachalam, accepts Vijaya and both marriages take place.
The Hoodlum Saint	2	"Major Terry O'Neill (William Powell) returns to Baltimore in 1919, after the end of World War I, expecting to get his old newspaper night editor job back. However, the paper has recently changed owners, the job has been filled, and his friend and former editor, Allan Smith (an uncredited Will Wright), has been told to cut costs. Disillusioned, Terry decides to abandon his ideals and make his fortune by whatever means necessary. Leaving the building, he runs into two less-than-savory friends, ""Fishface"" (Rags Ragland) and ""Three Finger"" (Frank McHugh). When the pair are arrested for bookmaking, it takes all his money to pay their fines and that of ""Snarp"" (James Gleason).He crashes a high society wedding party in the hope of meeting businessman Lewis J. Malbery (Henry O'Neill). When a guard insists on seeing his invitation, Terry grabs guest Kay Lorrison (Esther Williams) and kisses her, much to her surprise. After the guard goes away, she slaps Terry in the face, but after his honest confession, begins to warm to him. She introduces him to her uncle, publisher Joe Lorrison (Charles Trowbridge). Terry impresses him with his ideas on how to fight a bitter foe - none other than Malbery - and lands a job. He and Kay, who works on occasion at the paper, develop a relationship.After masterminding a skillful newspaper campaign against Malbery, Terry surprises his boss by quitting his relatively low-paying job to go to work for Malbery in New York. Snarp, Fishface, Three Finger and ""Eel"" (Slim Summerville) tag along and open a pool room. When after three years, Malbery promotes him to executive vice president of the company, he returns to Baltimore to see Kay. He finds her once again at a wedding. To his dismay, however, she informs him that this time she is the bride. Nightclub singer ""Dusty"" Millard (Angela Lansbury) gets him on the rebound.After a while, Terry crosses paths with Kay once more. She is a widow, and interested in picking up where they left off. Dusty gives up, realizing she has no chance against her rival. However, Kay learns that Terry has become hard and cynical. When Snarp's bookmaking operation was uncovered, his disreputable pals appealed to Terry; he secretly had Snarp freed, but saw to it that his good fortune was attributed to Saint Dismas.Terry loses everything in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Nearly all his friends and associates, who invested in the stock market on his advice, make him a scapegoat. The only exceptions are Snarp and Dusty. A reformed Snarp tries to get Terry to put his faith in Saint Dismas, without success. Dusty offers Terry an expensive bracelet he once gave her, but he turns her down. Embittered by the rejection, she takes over a charity Snarp set up dedicated to Saint Dismas, intending to steal the donations and place the blame on Terry.When Terry leaves town on business, he falls ill and is cared for by Father Nolan (Lewis Stone). Snarp comes to see him to tell him what Dusty and their old associates are doing. Then a concerned Kay shows up. Terry drives into town to plead with Dusty to return the money. Dusty and the others are unmoved at first, but when they see how sincere he is, Dusty gives it all back, and more."
The Hit	1	"London gangster Willie Parker (Terence Stamp) gives evidence against his criminal compatriots in return for a very generous offer from the police. Ten years later, Parker lives in comfortable retirement in Spain until four Spanish youths kidnap him and deliver him to two hit men hired by the kingpin that Parker helped put away. In the course of the kidnapping they also murder a Spanish policeman who has been assigned to guard Parker. At least three of the youths are then killed by a bomb in a briefcase handed to them by Braddock, the older of the hit men (John Hurt), pretending that it contains their payoff money.Braddock is a world-weary professional killer, while Myron (Tim Roth) is his hot-blooded apprentice. Parker quickly adopts a carefree demeanour, claiming that he's had ten years to accept death as a simple part of life. He follows Braddock and Myron to a safe house in Madrid, where they are surprised to find Harry (Bill Hunter), an Australian gangster and acquaintance of Braddock, squatting there with his young Spanish girlfriend Maggie. Parker intentionally reveals his identity to Harry, ultimately forcing the hit men to kidnap Maggie and kill Harry. The group heads toward the French border intending to reach Paris, where the kingpin against whom Parker testified is waiting for his arrival. All the while, Parker sows discord between the two hit men, causing a number of violent incidents that keep the police hot on their trail. A senior police inspector (Fernando Rey) follows the trail of bodies.While stopping at a roadside bar, Myron is laughed at by some men while he is ordering beers, so he beats them up. Myron has developed a fondness for Maggie and begins protecting her from Braddock, who has several violent confrontations with her behind Myron's back. Braddock takes Maggie with him to get petrol for the car. Maggie tries to alert the station attendant to her plight, resulting in Braddock shooting the attendant dead. They return to find Myron has fallen asleep and allowed Parker to slip away. Braddock finds him gazing at a waterfall and confronts him about his lack of concern over his impending death. Parker reminds Braddock that death is inevitable for all and quotes John Donne's poem ""Death Be Not Proud"".The next day, Braddock drives to an isolated hillside and announces that he's scrapped the plans to go to Paris. Suddenly afraid, Parker insists that he can't die until he goes to Paris. Braddock levels a pistol at him and shoots him in the back as he flees. He then turns the pistol on Myron and kills him. Maggie surprises him and they wrestle over the gun. During the struggle, Braddock fires the last shot into the air and knocks Maggie unconscious; without bullets, he lets Maggie live and flees into the wilderness.The police locate Maggie and the two bodies. As Braddock attempts to cross the Spanish-French border by foot, Maggie identifies him to the police, who fatally shoot him as he runs. The police attempt to question the dying Braddock but he only winks at Maggie before he dies."
Night of the Living Dead 3D	1	In this latest interpretation, the characters Barb and her brother Johnny arrive late for their aunt's funeral and find the cemetery overrun with zombies. After Johnny abandons her, Barb flees the cemetery and is rescued by Ben, a local college student. The two seek refuge in the nearby farmhouse of the Cooper family (Henry & Hellie Cooper, Henry's daughter and Hellie's stepdaughter Karen, farmhand Owen, and farmhand Tom and his girlfriend Judy), and attempt to live through the night along with other survivors, including the pyrophobic mortician, Gerald Tovar, Jr. As Barb and Ben attempt to convince the Cooper family that the zombies are heading to the house, Tom and Judy are attacked while having sex in the barn. After hearing Judy's screams, Barb and the rest of the household attempt to save her, but they are too late. When Tovar arrives, he explains what is happening. Owen the farmhand and Karen succumb to zombie bites and become undead.Barb and Ben leave with Tovar to what they believe is safety, while Henry and Hellie barricade themselves upstairs. Henry, who was bitten by a reanimated Karen and thus doomed to become a zombie, and Hellie, who is completely distraught over the death of her stepdaughter and the eventual reanimation of Henry, decide to commit suicide, and do so. After reaching his house, Tovar knocks Ben out and reveals that he was the one who brought the zombies back to life, even so much as bringing his own father back and feeding him with his own blood. Barb sets the house on fire, but Tovar catches her and brings her back to the mortuary along with an unconscious Ben in the trunk. Ultimately, Tovar plans to have Barb reborn as a zombie, but Barb gets the upper hand and throws him to a pack of zombies, who devour him. Barb and Ben escape and lock the other zombies in the garage. Ben realizes that he has been impaled with a tire iron, but is apparently unharmed; moments later, he transforms into a zombie. Barb uses the last bullet to kill him, and the zombies break through the gate.
Swarabhishekam	0	Srirangam Brothers - Srinivasachari (K Viswanath) and Ranga (Srikanth) - are versatile Carnatic musicians. Srinivasachari is happily married but has no children. Ranga is a widower with two children. Srirangam Brothers are the biggest music directors in the Telugu film industry (Tollywood) and compose music for only traditional and classical genres. Srirangam Brothers always try to help aspiring singers in their music compositions. Surekha (Laya), a TV anchor, falls in love with Ranga and they get married.After marriage, Surekha, who initially respects her brother-in-law, starts to develop ill feelings towards him and becomes envious that even though her husband Ranga is the main factor for the music duo's success and has equal contribution in Srirangam Brothers music scores, Srinivasachari is the one who gets all the credit.When Srinivasachari is awarded the Padmasri by the Government of India, Surekha rejects her sister's gifted saree and shows no inclination to come along with her family to attend Srinivasachari's felicitation by the President. Also, Surekha starts to show her hostile and disrespectful behavior towards Srinivasachari.This situation provokes Srinivasachari who starts behaving unpredictably and lashes out at a film producer about his brother's music compositions (during his music sitting) and also at the media. When Ranga in his office becomes aware of this situation through the film producer, he returns home only to get dispirited to see Ranga's sister-in-law getting slapped by her husband, which leads to a heated argument between the two brothers and the family gets separated.Surekha slowly understands Srinivasachari's and Ranga's music calibre and realizes that the two brothers can only excel in their music when they stay united. This transformation in Surekha eventually leads to the unity of the family just like Srirangam Brothers' different blends excel when they compose their music together.
Katha Parayumbol	1	The story revolves around the life of a barber named Balan (Sreenivasan) in a small village called Melukavu in Kerala. The barber is financially constrained and has to raise a family with three children. His wife Sridevi (Meena) is beautiful and belongs to a high caste who had eloped with him. He is not able to cope with the competition from a new air-conditioned beauty salon/parlor opened by Sarasan (Jagadeesh), opposite his shop. He does not get a license or a loan for the salon. He is in debt and is ridiculed by everyone in the village. Life is tough for him – he does not have money for a full square meal, leave alone for his children's school feesOne day the village wakes up to the news that a Malayalam movie is going to be shot there, with superstar Ashok Raj (Mammotty) as the hero. News spread that Ashok Raj is coming to the village for the ten-day shoot. The whole village is excited preparing for the superstar's arrival. Slowly, a word spread around that Balan and Ashok Raj are childhood friends. Balan, who was a laughing stock, suddenly becomes the center of attention. Everyone goes out of their way to help and please Balan, so that they can get a chance to meet and get various favors from his superstar friend. Balan gets under immense pressure because of this attitude of the villagers. Even his family starts asking him to meet and renew the friendship with Ashok Raj. Balan tries his best to approach the superstar, but his honesty and status of barber does not allow him to pass through the heavy security. When the villagers know that Balan is not able to help them, they start thinking that he was lying about his friendship with Ashok Raj and take back their support, abusing and making even more fun of him. Balan, depressed and sad, goes back to his old self.Ashok Raj is invited to a function in the local school where he gives a ceremonial speech. He talks about the present day life, modernization, the state of good people etc., opening the eyes of everyone to the sad truth of people's behavior. During the speech, he reveals the fact that Balan was his best friend who was the first person to realize the acting talent in him and tearing up in front of the audience, saying that he has been missing Balan all this while. That evening, Ashok Raj meets his long-lost friend Balan at his house, and Balan becomes an overnight hero in the eyes of his village.
Lovers Lane	2	Thirteen years ago, on Valentine's Day at the local lovers lane, Dee-Dee (Diedre Kilgore) and Jimmy (Carter Roy) are making out in their car when a maniac wielding a steel hook attacks them. The pair escape the car and find another couple, Harriet and Ward, slaughtered in the car next to theirs. Soon after, psychiatrist Jack Grefe (Richard Sanders) arrives, along with Sheriff Tom Anderson (Matt Riedy), who is distraught to find his wife, Harriet, is one of the lovers who has been murdered. The killer, Ray Hennessey (Ed Bailey) is caught, and revealed to be one of Jack's patients who had an obsession with Harriet. Ray is incarcerated in a nearby state institution for the criminally insane and gains the nickname 'The Hook'.Present day, Jack's popular daughter Chloe (Sarah Lancaster) and Tom's socially awkward daughter Mandy (Erin J. Dean) attend the local high school together. During a class, Chloe hears her boyfriend Michael (Riley Smith) is planning to break up with her. In a fit of anger Chloe attempts to drown Michael in the pool. Jack is quickly called into the school about his daughters actions where he meets with Principal Penny Lamson (Suzanne Bouchard). Chloe is suspended from the school, while Michael is grounded by his mother, Principal Penny. Soon after, 'The Hook', retrieves his weapon and escapes the mental institution. Upon hearing this news, Sheriff Tom warns Penny, as her husband had been having the affair with Harriet and had been murdered along with her.Later that night, Michael sneaks out of his room to meet his friends, including Chloe, Mandy, Bradley (Ben Indra), cheerleader Janelle (Anna Faris), joker Doug (Billy O'Sullivan) and couple Cathy (Megan Hunt) and Tim (Collin F. Peacock) at the bowling alley. Also there is Deputy David Schwick (Michael Shapiro), whom Sheriff Tom has put in charge of keeping Chloe and Mandy safe. After a while, Chloe, in an attempt to make Michael jealous, leaves with Bradley to go to lovers lane. As the pair travel in their car, Chloe enters a store, not realising the owner is swiftly murdered as she departs. Deputy David also enters the shop, only to be stabbed to death. Meanwhile, Penny discovers Michael is missing and alerts Sheriff Tom.After some time, Mandy, Michael, Janelle, Doug, Cathy and Tim arrive at lovers lane. The group find Bradley's car, only to discover he and Chloe have been murdered, before the hook arrives and stabs Tim to death. As the others try to escape in their car, Doug crashes into a tree, knocking everyone unconscious. Some time later, Mandy and Michael wake up to find the others gone. They travel to a nearby farmhouse where they arm themselves with a gun and find Janelle and Doug, who has broken his leg. While Janelle tends to Doug's injury, Mandy and Michael go to the barn to retrieve the missing owners car. Back inside, Janelle begins to hear noises before the hook smashes through a window. Janelle runs upstairs and barricades herself in a room, but the hook gets in and stabs her to death. The hook also then kills Doug.In the barn, Michael and Mandy manage to get the car started, however as Michael begins to drive he accidentally runs over Cathy, killing her. The pair re-enter the house and find Doug and Janelle dead before the hook attacks them. They lock themselves in the kitchen, and turn the gas on, before escaping out a window. As the hook opens the door, a match is sparked and the house blows up. Meanwhile, Sheriff Tom and Penny go to Jack's house where they find a shrine devoted to Mandy, before rushing to lovers lane. At the farmhouse, Michael and Mandy take the owners car and begin to travel into town. On the way, they find Chloe to still be alive, who urges them to return to lovers lane as Bradley has also survived. Upon arrival, Mandy leaves Michael and Chloe in the car, only to find Bradley is in fact dead, before she is dragged away into a bush. In the car, Chloe attacks Michael with a hook, revealing herself to be a killer. Michael escapes, but as Chloe exits she is slaughtered by an unseen figure.Mandy is forced into a car by her attacker, revealed to be Jack who tells her he was the one that had killed Mandy's mother, Harriet, and had survived the explosion at the farmhouse. Michael saves Mandy, and as a fight breaks out, Tom and Penny arrive and shoot Jack before Mandy eventually kills him with a hook.The next day at lovers lane, Mandy and Michael are medically checked, before they leave Tom and Penny and enter a police car, that is revealed to be driven by Ray, 'The Hook'.
Old Dogs	1	"Dan Rayburn (Robin Williams) and Charlie Reed (John Travolta) are best friends and co-owners of a successful sports marketing firm. Seven years prior, Dan, recently divorced, married Vicki (Kelly Preston) after being whisked away by Charlie for a tropical vacation. The marriage, however, is short lived. Seven years later, Vicki resurfaces to tell Dan that their short marriage resulted in something he never suspected: twins Zach (Conner Rayburn) and Emily (Ella Bleu Travolta).Vicki, facing jail time for her work as an environmental activist, asks Dan to take care of the kids while she does her time. Thinking this might be his chance to get back with Vicki, Dan agrees, but only if Charlie will help him since neither have any experience taking care of kids. At the same time, the two must finalize a huge marketing deal with a Japanese company; something they've always dreamed of, but will take all of their talents to clinch.Because Dan's condo does not allow children, he has to board with Charlie. Whilst this is happening, Charlie and Dan are close to securing the biggest account in the history of their careers with the Japanese corporation. Charlie and Dan's attempts to take care of the kids are well-intentioned, but very misguided. On a trip with the kids to an overnight camp, a hard-nosed camp instructor (Matt Dillon) becomes convinced that Dan and Charlie are homosexual partners. The trip ends with a bang after Dan accidentally sets a beloved statue of the camp's founder on fire.The kids then proceed to spill and replace Charlie and Dan's prescriptions, mixing them up in the process. Dan then must play a game of golf with the Japanese executives while experiencing extreme side effects and Charlie tries to woo Amanda (Lori Loughlin) with a face frozen by the pills.Desperate to help Dan communicate with the children despite his inexperience with children, Charlie recruits his friend Jimmy Lunchbox (Bernie Mac), a flamboyant children's entertainer, who is famous around the world. Jimmy comes by and straps Dan and Charlie in motion control puppet suits so Charlie can help Dan make all the right moves with his daughter while having a tea party. The suits malfunction, but Dan speaks from the heart, winning over Emily but his speech makes Jimmy emotional. Everything is great with Vicki as she returns home upon having served time in jail. However, the guys have sealed their Japanese deal, sending junior associate Craig (Seth Green) to Tokyo. When Craig goes missing after arriving there, Charlie and Dan must fly to Tokyo themselves to work. Dan must leave the kids and Vicki despite his (and their) desire to be a family.Once in Tokyo, Dan realizes that what he really wants is to be a good father. He leaves the meeting without sealing the deal, rushing with Charlie to Vermont for the kids' birthday party. They aren't able to get into the Burlington Zoo in time and are forced to break in with the help of Craig. However, they mistakenly wind up in the gorilla enclosure. Though Dan and Charlie escape, Craig is captured by the gorilla (which takes a strong liking to him).Dan then pays a birthday party performer hired by Vicki to use his jet pack and suit, flies into the ceremony and wins his kids back over. When the jet pack stops working in mid-air, he is taken to an ambulance on a stretcher. One year later, Dan and Vicki are together, Charlie has married Amanda, and Craig has become like a new ""uncle"" to the kids."
Blackbeard's Ghost	1	"Steve Walker (Dean Jones) arrives in a Maryland seacoast town,called Goldolphin, to take the position of track coach at Godolphin College. The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at the hotel where he will be boarding — Blackbeard's Inn, named after the notorious English pirate Captain Edward Teach and now run by the Daughters of the Buccaneers, elderly descendants of the pirate's crew.The inn had been built by timbers of ships that had run aground in the bay. The owners are attempting to pay off their mortgage to keep the inn from being bought by the local crime boss, Silky Seymour (Joby Baker), who wants to build a casino on the land. Steve quickly discovers his track team's shortcomings and runs afoul of the dean of Godolphin College, its football coach, and Seymour. He also makes the acquaintance of attractive Godolphin professor Jo Anne Baker (Suzanne Pleshette), who is anxious to help the elderly ladies save Blackbeard's Inn.After a bidding war with the football coach at the charity auction, Steve wins an antique bed warmer once owned by Blackbeard's 10th wife, Aldetha Teach, who had a reputation of being a witch. Inside the hollow wooden handle of this bed warmer is hidden a book of magic spells that had once been the property of Aldetha. Steve recites, on a lark, a spell ""to bring to your eyes and ears one who is bound in Limbo"", unintentionally conjuring up the ghost of Blackbeard (Peter Ustinov), who appears as a socially-inappropriate drunkard, cursed by his wife to an existence in limbo unless he can perform a good deed.Steve and Blackbeard are bound to one another by the power of the spell, and only the very reluctant Steve can see or hear the ghost. As a result, Steve must deal with the antics of the wayward pirate while attempting to revive Godolphin's track team and form a relationship with Jo Anne. Steve is falsely arrested for drunk driving when Blackbeard attempts to drive Steve's automobile, steering it like a pirate ship. Because the arresting officer can't see Blackbeard (and because Blackbeard riding the cop's motorcycle crashed it into a tree), Steve spends a night in jail. While in jail, Steve reminds Blackbeard that if he does a good deed, his curse will be broken. Steve asks Blackbeard for his treasure to help the Daughters of the Buccaneers save the inn, but Blackbeard admits that he spent all of the money. Steve decides not to trust Blackbeard.Steve is released from jail the next morning due to lack of evidence but is put on probation with the college, forced to win the big track meet or be fired from his position. The problem is that Steve's team is sorrowfully weak and ordinarily do not stand a chance at winning. Blackbeard is firmly told by Steve, more than once, not to interfere with the boys on his team; or the opposing team, either. but Blackbeard creates further complications by stealing one of the Inn's mortgage payments and betting it on Steve's track team. Blackbeard's intention is to use his ghostly powers to help Godolphin win the track meet, and then use the winnings to pay the mortgage in full. Steve is at first outraged by the pirate's interference, but he decides the greater good is to win the money for the sake of the Inn. He also accepts the pirate's help in shaking down Silky Seymour and his thugs after Seymour refuses to pay out the winnings from the bet.With the mortgage paid, Blackbeard has performed his good deed and is released from the curse. After Steve asks the ladies and Jo Anne to recite the spell, thereby rendering Blackbeard visible to them, Blackbeard bids them all a cordial goodbye and departs to join his former crew, leaving Steve and Jo Anne to pursue their future together."
Aadmi	1	Rajesh (Dilip Kumar) is orphaned at a very young age and comes from a very wealthy and noble family, but is very insecure. His childhood sweetheart Meena tragically dies and Rajesh substitutes her with a doll. When he finds that another young boy has touched the doll, he starts a fight with him, and ends up murdering him. Years later, Rajesh, now a grown man, still has the doll in his closet and he has now fallen in love with a woman named Meena (Waheeda Rehman). He becomes engaged to her after the approval of his best friend, Dr. Shekhar (Manoj Kumar). However, Rajesh and Meena have an automobile accident, in which Rajesh becomes paralysed and becomes confined to a wheelchair. It is then that Rajesh finds out that Shekhar and Meena are having an affair. His old murderous and possessive hatred surfaces again and his best friend Shekhar's life is in danger.[2]
Admission	1	"Straight-laced Princeton University Admissions Officer Portia Nathan (Tina Fey) is caught off guard when she makes a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by a former college classmate, the free-wheeling John Pressman (Paul Rudd). With vast experience in the coaching, consoling, and criticism involving Princeton's admission, she pays a visit to the Quest School, where John teaches while raising an adopted son. After exposing Portia to outspoken Quest students' impressions of college, he takes her to meet the rather unconventional Jeremiah Balakian, a child prodigy.Back on campus, Portia's longtime boyfriend Mark breaks up with her after impregnating a ""Virginia Woolf scholar"" named Helen. After an awkward romantic attraction to Pressman, she arranges for Jeremiah to visit Princeton, where she and a colleague, Corinne, are rivals to succeed the soon-to-retire Dean of Admissions.Portia long ago had a secret pregnancy, putting the baby up for adoption, and is shown apparent proof by Pressman that Jeremiah is her son. Although he is brilliant, Jeremiah's miserable transcript results in his being deemed unfit to attend the University. Portia, in an act that greatly endangers her position, schemes to gain Jeremiah entrance into the school, knowing that Princeton cannot reveal such a scandal.Her resignation is demanded. Later, when revealing to Jeremiah that she is his biological mother, she finds out that there was a photocopy mistake on his birth certificate and that the boy has already located his actual biological mother. Portia appears at the Adoption Agency, trying to locate her son, where she describes her life with a different perspective. When asked how would she feel to meet her actual child, she replies that she would feel ""nervous, but lucky.""In the end, now dating Pressman, she receives a letter about her son, which says he is not ready to meet her yet. Pressman points out to her that she is on the waitlist ""... and that's not so bad."""
Kya Kehna	1	Priya Bakshi (Preity Zinta), the daughter of Gulshan (Anupam Kher) and Rohini Bakshi (Farida Jalal) is a young, fun loving girl. Priya's parents, brothers and best friend, Ajay (Chandrachur Singh) love and support her. Ajay is secretly in love with Priya, and wishes to marry her in the future, hopefully after she finishes her studies.Priya enters her first year in college, and she catches the eye of wealthy playboy Rahul (Saif Ali Khan) who quickly becomes attracted to her. She succumbs to his charm but Ajay and her brother Vicky are unsure about Rahul. His reputation and womanizing ways worry them, and they warn her to stay away from him. However, Priya believes that Rahul is in love with her, and the two begin a relationship and have sex. Priya convinces her parents to meet Rahul, but when they talk about marriage and the future, he mocks them and leaves Priya. Priya is heartbroken but tries to move on with her life. She later learns that she is pregnant with Rahul's child. Her parents go back to Rahul to talk about marriage once again but to their shock he only agrees to marry her on the condition that he will divorce her in two days. Priya is faced with a decision, and she chooses to keep the child. Her decision prompts her father to reluctantly banish her from the house. Alone and neglected, Priya is devastated. Later, however, her family finds it hard to live without her and they bring her back, supporting her during her pregnancy. Her family has accepted her, but now she has to face the society and overcome the disdain of her neighbors and friends. Priya and her family are ostracized and looked down upon. Upon going back to college, she finds out that all of her friends now mock her, and girls prefer to stay away from her due to her 'spoiled' character. During all this time Ajay had been quietly and consistently supporting her, and Priya realized the true love and dedication that he had for her. With his encouragement and with the love for the child she is nurturing in her womb, she makes people realize that she isn't immoral or characterless, but a girl who loved someone immensely. She says that if only she had gotten married, maybe the scenarios would have been different, maybe her child would have been loved and valued, rather than abused and insulted. With these words, she eventually gains the support of those who had earlier disrespected her. Her friends finally accepted her the way they did before and she goes a back to normal life.After some time, she manages to change Rahul's views as well and he decides to marry her. Priya and her family are celebrating the birth of her baby, when Rahul tries to re-enter her life. Rahul says that he is ready to marry her and raise their child together. At the same time, Ajay also proposed to Priya. Priya, who is in love with Ajay, selects him over Rahul stating that a man like Rahul can never be a reliable husband or father.
Speak	0	"Fourteen-year-old Melinda Sordino begins her freshman year in high school and struggles on the first day. She doesn't have any friends to hang out with, and appears awkward and uncomfortable when speaking to others. Throughout the day, she is made fun of by several students, repeatedly called a ""squealer"". A series of flashbacks reveal that she called the police to a house party during the previous summer. Her actual reason for calling 9-1-1 was that she'd been raped by a senior student at the party, Andy Evans, but her trauma prevented her from reporting the rape over the telephone or when the police arrived.When her parents see her report card, they prompt Melinda to see a teacher nicknamed Mr. Neck, who tells her to write an essay on any history topic. After refusing to read her paper aloud to her class, she is sent to the principal's office. Melinda is nice to a new student named Heather Billings, who claims to be Melinda's ""friend"", but Heather soon abandons Melinda when the chance for social advancement arises. The only other student with whom Melinda has a positive experience is her lab partner, Dave Petrakis, who has successfully managed to avoid affiliating himself with a clique.The restoration of Melinda's confidence progresses at a painfully slow rate, with some help from Dave and her art teacher, Mr. Freeman. Her former best friend, Rachel Bruin, starts dating Andy, and Melinda fears that Rachel will suffer the same fate as her. Melinda meets Rachel at the library and tells her the truth about what happened at the party by writing it on paper. Rachel first refuses to believe, thinking that Melinda is lying out of jealousy, and calls her ""sick"", but comes to realize the truth by confronting Andy. Rachel then avoids Andy and tells other people of what happened at the party. Exposed as a rapist, Andy retaliates against Melinda, cornering her; he tries to force her to tell everybody at school that the incident is false and attempts to rape her again. Melinda struggles and irritates his eyes with turpentine, overpowers him after holding a shard of broken mirror to his neck, threatening to kill him. They are found by Melinda and Rachel's friend Nicole, who, along with other girls from her lacrosse team, help Melinda and trap Andy to prevent further attack. The altercation removes any doubt about what happened at the house party, and the girls who restrain him are outraged by it and tempted to beat him with their sticks. Mr. Neck sees Melinda walking away from the scene and asks what was going on, but Melinda doesn't respond.On the way back from the hospital after being treated for her injuries, Melinda rolls down the car window and breathes in deeply. She finally finds the strength to tell her mother, who already suspects something awful, the truth about what happened at the party. Although it becomes clear that Melinda will need time to fully recover from her ordeals, this is a significant and empowering event in her life, as she finally finds the courage to speak."
Dawn on the Great Divide	0	The Rough Riders protect a wagon train and supplies for the railroad against a power hungry businessman who dresses his army of henchmen as Indians.
Anna Karenina	0	Anna Karenina (Vivien Leigh) is married to Alexei Karenin (Ralph Richardson), a cold government official in St Petersburg who is apparently more interested in his career than in satisfying the emotional needs of his wife. Called to Moscow by her brother Stepan Oblonsky (Hugh Dempster), a reprobate who has been unfaithful to his trusting wife Dolly (Mary Kerridge) once too often, Anna meets Countess Vronsky (Helen Haye) on the night train. They discuss their sons, with the Countess showing Anna a picture of her son Count Vronsky (Kieron Moore), a cavalry officer.Vronsky shows up at the train to meet his mother, and is instantly infatuated with Anna. He boldly makes his interest known to her, which Anna demurely pushes away – but not emphatically so. At a grand ball, Vronsky continues to pursue the married Anna, much to the delight of the gossiping spectators. But poor Kitty Shcherbatsky (Sally Ann Howes), Dolly's sister who is smitten with Vronsky, is humiliated by his behaviour and leaves the ball – much to the distress of Konstantin Levin (Niall MacGinnis), a suitor of Kitty's who was rejected by her in favour of Vronsky. However, after a change of heart, Kitty marries Levin.Boldly following Anna back to St Petersburg, Vronsky makes it known to society that he is the companion of Anna – a notion she does nothing to stop. Soon, society is whispering about the affair, and it's only a matter of time before Karenin learns of the relationship. Outwardly more worried about his social and political position than his wife's passion, he orders her to break off with Vronsky or risk losing her son. She tries, but cannot tear herself away from Vronsky.Leaving Karenin, Anna becomes pregnant with Vronsky's child. Almost dying in childbirth (the child is stillborn), Anna begs Karenin for forgiveness, which he coldly grants. Karenin, being magnanimous, allows Vronsky the notion that he may visit Anna if she calls for him. Embarrassed by the scandal, Vronsky tries to shoot himself, but fails.Anna tries again to live with Karenin, but cannot get Vronsky out of her head. She leaves Karenin for good, abandoning her child to live in Italy with Vronsky. But her doubts over Vronsky's feelings for her grow, and she eventually pushes him away. Realizing that she has lost everything, Anna walks onto the railway tracks and commits suicide by letting the train hit her.
Margot at the Wedding	2	"Margot (Nicole Kidman) is a successful but self-absorbed writer; it is suggested that she has borderline personality disorder. She brings her 11-year-old son Claude (Zane Pais) to spend a weekend visiting her free-spirited sister Pauline (Jennifer Jason Leigh) on the eve of Pauline's wedding to Malcolm (Jack Black) at their home on Long Island. Margot disapproves of Pauline's choice of fiancé: Malcolm is an unsuccessful musician whom Margot considers ""completely unattractive"". While in town, Margot will also be interviewed in a local bookstore by Dick Koosman (Ciarán Hinds), a successful author with whom she is collaborating on a screenplay. Dick's teenage daughter Maisy (Halley Feiffer) also visits the house.Margot and Pauline have an uneasy relationship. Margot disapproves of Pauline's life-choices - besides marrying Malcolm, Pauline is pregnant, a fact that she has not shared with Malcolm or her pre-teen daughter Ingrid. Pauline, meanwhile, resents Margot for writing and publishing thinly-disguised stories about her life. She is also incensed when Margot shares secrets told to her in confidence - including her pregnancy. Rather than confront each other, however, Pauline and Margot take out their frustrations on Malcolm and Claude, respectively.Tensions come to a head twice. Margot's interview goes disastrously wrong when Dick's questions become personal. While Pauline interrogates him about emails he received from one of her 20-year-old students, Malcolm admits he kissed Maisy. Returning to the house, Pauline finds Maisy inside. Though Pauline says nothing, it is obvious to Maisy that Pauline knows the truth. When Dick finds out what happened, he chases and beats Malcolm.Margot and Pauline get into a heated argument, unleashing years of resentment. But following a climactic moment, Pauline and Ingrid leave with Margot and Claude, leaving Malcolm behind.The next day, Pauline calls Malcolm, intent on breaking up with him. When he begs for forgiveness, however, she gives in and takes him back.Margot decides to stay with her sister, and puts Claude on a bus to Vermont so he can live with his father. As the bus pulls away with Claude, Margot has a change of heart and chases after it. Taking a seat next to a surprised Claude, Margot catches her breath."
Poochudava	0	The story is very simple and a usual typical Indian love story. It was Abbas' and Simran's second project where there acting together after a Telegu movie, Priya O Priya. Abbas (as Kannan) play the role of a rebellious college student in this movie. While, Simran (as Nandhini) acts as his love lady. The first half of the movie is about how Abbas and Simran have their pet fights and then the second half of the movie is about how they both join hands together to fight against her parents' opposition.
Vanaratham (dubbed from Hindi)	1	Kashi travels by an ill-fated plane, which crashes on the outskirts of an isolated city that is ruled by women, who worship Sanga, their God. Kashi is rescued by pretty Soni and taken to her home, where she lives with her widowed dad, and brother, Hira. Since the roads are blocked, Kashi is unable to return home, and in order to continue to stay there, he must first obtain permission from the Raj Rani, the ultimate ruler. He meets with her and she finds him attractive and charming, and invites him to stay with her at her palace and sing for him, which he does. Kashi and Soni have given their hearts to each other, they meet secretly, with Soni disguised as a man, Shibu. Watch what happens when Raj Rani finds out that a Kashi is ignoring her love for a mere peasant.
Athaiya Mamiya	0	Shankar(Jaishankar) returns from abroad after successfully completing his higher studies. Shankar's parents plan to marry off Shankar to one of their relative's daughter. A series of comic incidents while they try to convince Shankar to marry. Things get serious when Shankar reveals to them that he already met the love of his life, Usha(Ushanandini) and married her. Angered by this, his father throws him out of his house and Usha joins with Shankar to start a new life.How they succeed in establishing their life is the rest of the movie.
Stella Maris	1	"Stella Maris (Mary Pickford) was born paralyzed and is unable to walk. Her wealthy guardians try to prevent her from being exposed to all the bad that is happening in the world. She is not allowed to leave her room in a London mansion and is bound to her bed. Her door even has a sign on it which says: ""All unhappiness and world wisdom leave outside. Those without smiles need not enter."" [1] Stella has no idea a war is going on in the world and that there are poor and hungry people.John Risca (Conway Tearle) is a well-known journalist and a friend of the family. He has been unhappily married to Louise for six years now and frequently visits Stella. John wants Stella to think he is perfect and lies about being unmarried. Louise, meanwhile, wants a servant in her house and hires orphan Unity Blake (also Mary Pickford). Unity is uneducated and has been deprived and mistreated for her entire life. This resulted in her being afraid of everyone.One night, a drunk Louise orders Unity to get some groceries. Unity does what she is told and on her way back, the food is stolen by kids. She returns to the home only to be beaten by an outraged Louise. Unity is severely hurt and Louise gets arrested. It is announced she will have to serve three years in prison. John is kinder to Unity and adopts her. Unity is very grateful and falls in love with him. John himself is only interested in Stella. John wishes Unity to be raised at the Blount's residence, but they don't want her. They prevent her from meeting Stella, fearing Stella will notice there are suffering people in the world. They finally convince John to raise Unity at Aunt Gladys' house.In order to make John fall in love with her, Unity starts to educate herself. Meanwhile, Stella gets an operation and is able to walk after three years. She meets John and they fall in love. One day she decides to give John a surprise visit. Louise, who has just been released from jail, opens the door and tells Stella the truth about her marriage. Stella is heartbroken upon learning that he lied to her about his marriage. Feeling betrayed, she tells John to leave her alone and refuses to talk to her family upon seeing how much sadness and pain are in the world.Meanwhile, Unity uses one of John's suits and pretends he is asking her to marry him. When he comes home heartbroken over losing Stella, she tries to busy herself with work. As she hears Aunt Gladys' concerns about John's inability to be free to love Stella while Louise lives, Unity realizes she and John can never be a couple. At her relatives' home, Stella reconciles with them and comes to the realization that while there will be sadness and pain in the world, there are also joy and happiness that follows it. At Aunt Gladys' home, Unity writes him a note which she thanks him for showing her kindness and says he should get together with Stella. She secretly grabs a gun from a gun collection and settles the score by killing Louise for the pain she inflicted on herself, Stella and John. Unity next kills herself, making the police think it was a revenge murder as her troubled history is well known even to them. Aunt Gladys convinces Stella's wealthy relatives to give John another chance and not think badly about Unity for she helped free him from his abusive wife. John is reunited with Stella and they marry."
Thalaimagan	1	The story is set around the bulwark of honest and public good institution of everest. A journalistic anachronism at a time when media houses have become mouthpieces for corporate houses. It is helmed by the fearless Ayya (Vijayakumar). It has among its ranks an intrepid scribe Dheeran (Sarath Kumar). He is no journeyman journalist. He is writer as well as a doer. When the power of the pen looks like slackening, he uses the hands that push the pen, so to say. And then there is harried colleague Erimalai (Vadivelu), who is just a step away from trouble. Meghala (Nayanthara) is an enterprising intern who drives Dheeran distraction.Dheeran runs into the evil axis of politico and police web as represented by the corrupt Minister Shanmuga Vadivelu (Mukesh Tiwari) and a venal cop Alankaram (Seema Biswas). Dheeran through his mixed ways frustrate all the evil plans of the duo. But a new water bottling plant of an MNC becomes a major confrontation issue. Dheeran goes hammer and tongs against the project, as it would be harmful to villagers. Dheeran painstakingly exposes all the chinks in the project. Shanmugasundaram has to come with a violent reprisal and he sure does and thinks he has done away with Dheeran.Did he? But Dheeran comes back from dead as a new man with renewed force. In the two years, Shanmugha Sundaram and Alankaram had come a long way. But Dheeran, slowly but stealthily, exposes them with a cunning of a mountain fox. He exposes all their bad deeds with clinching evidence. How? Well, it all leads to an action-packed climax.
Samsaram	0	A struggling clerk lives with his wife and two children. Their blissful life is threatened with the arrival of his scheming mother and sister. A short time later, the clerk disappears, abandoning his family, and his brother comes to their rescue. Exploiting the fragile situation, mischief makers suggest an immoral relationship between the clerk's brother and wife. Frustrated, the clerk's wife sends her two children to beg on the streets. Several years later, the elder of the two children, now working in a mill, meets a bearded beggar who, unknown to him, is actually his father. He obtains his father a job in the mill, and the family later reunites.
Seeta Rama Jananam	1	The film traces the Ramayana from the time Dasaratha (T. Venkateswarlu) kills the son of a blind couple, long before Lord Rama (ANR) is born, to the time the wedding of Seeta (Tripurasundari) is performed. The story included roles of Vasishta (Parupalli Sathyanarayana), Kausalya (Rushyendramani), Sumithra (Annapurna) and Kaika (Kamala Kotnis), Vedavati (Chandrakala), Ravana and Parasurama (Vemuri Gaggaiah played both the roles), Mandodari (Kamakshi), Sukracharya (Koteswara Rao), Janaka (Parupalli Subbarao), Viswamithra (Balijepalli Lakshmikantham), Lakshmana (B.N. Raju).
Blade Runner	1	"In 2019 Los Angeles, former police officer Rick Deckard is detained by officer Gaff, and brought to his former supervisor, Bryant. Deckard, whose job as a ""blade runner"" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and ""retire"" (kill) them, is informed that four are on Earth illegally. Deckard starts to leave, but Bryant ambiguously threatens him, and he stays. The two watch a video of a blade runner named Holden administering the ""Voigt-Kampff"" test, which is designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their emotional response to questions. The test subject, Leon, shoots Holden on the second question. Bryant wants Deckard to retire Leon and the other three Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 replicants: Roy Batty, Zhora, and Pris.Bryant has Deckard meet with Eldon Tyrell so he can administer the test on a Nexus-6 to see if it works. Tyrell expresses his interest in seeing the test fail first and asks him to administer it on his assistant Rachael. After a much longer than standard test, Deckard concludes that Rachael is a replicant who believes she is human. Tyrell explains that she is an experiment who has been given false memories to provide an emotional ""cushion.""Searching Leon's hotel room, Deckard finds photos and a synthetic snake scale. Roy and Leon investigate a replicant eye-manufacturing laboratory and learn of J. F. Sebastian, a gifted genetic designer who works closely with Tyrell. Deckard returns to his apartment where Rachael is waiting. She tries to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo, but after Deckard reveals that her memories are implants from Tyrell's niece, she leaves his apartment. Meanwhile, Pris locates Sebastian and manipulates him to gain his trust.A photograph from Leon's apartment and the snake scale lead Deckard to a strip club, where Zhora works. After a confrontation and chase, Deckard kills Zhora. Bryant orders him also to retire Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation. After Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd, he is attacked by Leon, who knocks Deckard's pistol out of his hand, and attempts to kill Deckard, but Rachael uses Deckard's pistol to kill Leon. They return to Deckard's apartment, and, during an intimate discussion, he promises not to track her down; as she abruptly tries to leave, Deckard restrains her, making her kiss him.Arriving at Sebastian's apartment, Roy tells Pris that the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of ""Methuselah Syndrome"", a genetic premature aging disorder, his life will also be cut short. Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell's secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Tyrell tells him that it is impossible. Roy confesses that he has done ""questionable things"", but Tyrell dismisses this, praising Roy's advanced design, and accomplishments in his short life. Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator, followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone.[nb 1] Deckard is later told by Bryant that Sebastian was found dead.At Sebastian's apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but he kills her as Roy returns. Roy's body begins to fail as the end of his lifespan nears. He chases Deckard through the building, ending on the roof. Deckard tries to jump to an adjacent roof, but is left hanging between buildings. Roy makes the jump with ease, and as Deckard's grip loosens, Roy hoists him onto the roof, saving him. Before Roy dies, he delivers a monologue about how his memories ""will be lost in time, like tears in rain"". Gaff arrives and shouts to Deckard about Rachael: ""It's too bad she won't live, but then again, who does?"" Deckard returns to his apartment and finds Rachael asleep in his bed. As they leave, Deckard notices an origami unicorn on the floor, a calling card that recalls for him Gaff's earlier statement. Deckard and Rachael leave the apartment block."
Freaks	2	"The film opens with a sideshow barker drawing customers to visit the sideshow. A woman looks into a box to view a hidden occupant and screams. The barker explains that the horror in the box was once a beautiful and talented trapeze artist. The central story is of this conniving trapeze artist Cleopatra, who seduces and marries sideshow midget Hans after learning of his large inheritance. Cleopatra conspires with circus strongman Hercules to kill dwarf performer Hans and inherit his wealth. At their wedding reception, Cleopatra begins poisoning Hans' wine. Oblivious, the other ""freaks"" announce that they accept Cleopatra in spite of her being a ""normal"" outsider: they hold an initiation ceremony in which they pass a massive goblet of wine around the table while chanting, ""We accept her, we accept her. One of us, one of us. Gooba-gobble, gooba-gobble"". The ceremony frightens the drunken Cleopatra, who accidentally reveals that she has been having an affair with Hercules. She mocks the freaks, tosses the wine in their faces and drives them away. The humiliated Hans realizes that he has been played for a fool and rejects Cleopatra's attempts to apologize, but then he falls ill from the poison.While bedridden, Hans pretends to apologize to Cleopatra and also pretends to take the poisoned medicine that she is giving him, but he secretly plots with the other freaks to strike back at Cleopatra and Hercules. In the film's climax, the freaks attack the evil pair during a storm, wielding guns, knives, and other sharp-edged weapons. After trying to kill seal trainer Venus and her clown boyfriend Phroso for knowing about the plot, Hercules is chased by the freaks in a storm and not seen again (the film's original ending had the freaks castrating him: the audience see him later singing in falsetto). As for Cleopatra, she has become a grotesque, squawking ""human duck"". The flesh of her hands has been melted and deformed to look like duck feet, her legs have been cut off and what is left of her torso has been permanently tarred and feathered. She is the opening scene's cause for alarm.In a final scene MGM inserted later for a happier ending, Hans is living a millionaire's life in a mansion. Venus and Phroso visit, bringing Frieda, to whom Hans had been engaged before meeting Cleopatra. Hans refuses to see them, but they force their way past his servant. Frieda assures Hans that she knows he tried to stop the others from exacting revenge. Phroso and Venus leave as Frieda comforts Hans when he starts to cry.Interspersed between segments of the main narrative is a variety of ""slice of life"" segments detailing the romance between Venus and Phroso, as well as the lives of the sideshow performers, including:"
Sahara Hare	0	"This is another classic battle between Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam (Riff Raff Sam). Bugs pops up out from underground, thinking he has reached Miami Beach, when in reality he is in the Sahara Desert, presumably from ""not making that left toin at Albukoike"". He comes prepared with a beach chair, sunscreen, sunglasses and even a bucket of carrots and ice. Bugs runs across the desert for some time, eventually becoming dehydrated. He thinks he has found a nice park when he stumbles upon a water hole and a palm tree. (Much of this scene reuses animation from Frigid Hare.)Meanwhile, Sam, riding on a camel, suddenly comes upon Bugs' tracks and exclaims: ""Great horny toads! A trespasser, gettin' footy-prints all over my desert!"" Sam orders the camel to move after the foot-prints and then orders it to slow down (""Whoa, camel, whoa!! Whoa!! WHOA!!!! Aw, come on, whoa! When I say 'whoa!' I mean 'WHOA!'"") before whacking it on the head with his rifle and knocking it out. As Sam scolds the camel for not slowing down (""Now I hope that'll learn ya, ya hump-backed muley!""), Bugs grabs Sam's keffiyeh and uses it to rub soap out of his eyes. Bugs then asks Sam his catchphrase ""Eeehhh...what's up doc? You with the sideshow around here?"" Sam angrily retorts ""I'm no doc, ya fleabitten varmint! I'm Riff-Raff Sam, the riffiest riff that ever riffed a raff!""Bugs flees and Sam orders his camel to follow Bugs, but it does not run until Sam yells ""When I say 'giddy-up' I mean 'GIDDY-UP!' and whacks it in the posterior. Sam runs after the camel and orders it to slow down, repeating his ""Whoa"" phrase before hitting it in the head with the rifle once again (""When I say 'whoa' I mean WHOA!""). During this, Bugs spots a vintage car and tries to switch it on, but it turns out to be a mirage. Bugs flees into a deserted French army base and shuts the door causing Sam to be knocked into it.Sam orders Bugs to surrender and open the door but this time the door opens like a drawbridge (initially it closed sideways from the inside). The drawbridge crushes Sam and when Sam screams for Bugs to close it, it raises to reveal Sam flattened and running around enraged. Sam then tries various methods to getting into the fort that all fail:Eventually Bugs sets up a trap where in an entrance to the fort, Sam must open several doors to get into the fort; Bugs sets the final door with bombs so that if Sam tries to open it the explosives will detonate. As Sam continues to open all doors Bugs walks off. He then stops, turns around and waits (""I wonder if he's stubborn enough to open all those doors."") until a large explosion occurs (""Yep. He's stubborn enough.""). Bugs continues walking away.A hole then opens up on the ground. Similar to Bugs' arrival a beach chair, an umbrella and a bucket of ice come flying out of the hole. Daffy Duck then jumps out of the hole. Like Bugs in the beginning Daffy thinks he has arrived at Miami Beach and enthusiastically runs toward the non-existent ocean. Bugs tries to tell Daffy that he is not at Miami Beach, but Daffy ignores him. Bugs gives up and says, ""Eh, let him find out for himself.""."
Aafat	0	Inspector Amar and Inspector Chhaya are after the criminal Hardayal. Amar and Chhaya fall in love. Amar goes beyond the call of duty to catch Hardayal and hence becomes suspended. Amar is caught by Hardayal and is held captive. Now Chhaya is supposed find the criminal Hardayal.
Up in the Cellar	0	A suicidal college student is saved by a university president, against his wishes. To get even, the student decides to seduce women in the president's life, including his wife and mistress.
Sin City	2	"The Salesman walks onto a penthouse balcony where The Customer looks out over Basin City. He offers her a cigarette and says that she looks like someone who is tired of running and that he will save her. The two share a kiss and he shoots her; she dies in his arms. He says he will never know what she was running from but that he will cash her check in the morning, implying she had paid him to kill her.On the docks of Sin City, aging police officer John Hartigan tries to stop serial child-killer Roark Junior from raping and killing his fourth known victim, eleven-year-old Nancy Callahan. Junior is the son of Senator Roark, who has bribed the police to cover up his son's crimes. When Hartigan's corrupt partner, Bob, tries to convince Hartigan to walk away, Hartigan knocks him out.Hartigan, experiencing pain from a bad heart, heads into the warehouse where Roark Junior and several henchmen are holding Nancy. Junior shoots Hartigan in the shoulder and tries to escape. Hartigan catches up and shoots off Junior's ear, hand and genitals. Bob, now recovered, shoots Hartigan in the back. As the sirens approach, Bob leaves and Nancy lies down in Hartigan's lap. Hartigan passes out, reasoning his death is a fair trade for the girl's life.After a one-night stand, Marv awakens to find Goldie has been killed while he slept. He flees the frame-up as the police arrive, vowing to avenge her death. His parole officer, Lucille, warns him to give up on this mission, believing Marv may have imagined it all due to his ""condition"". Marv interrogates several informants, working up to a corrupt priest, who reveals that the Roark family was behind the murder. Marv kills the priest but is then attacked by a woman who looks like Goldie, which he dismisses as a hallucination.Marv goes to the Roark family farm and is subdued by the silent stalker who killed Goldie. He awakens in the basement to find Lucille has been captured after looking into his story. She tells Marv that the killer is a cannibal and that Goldie was a prostitute. He learns that the killer's name is Kevin and escapes. Lucille is shot by the leader of a squad of corrupt cops. Marv kills the cops except for their leader, whom he interrogates. He learns that Cardinal Patrick Henry Roark arranged for Goldie's murder.Marv goes to Old Town, Sin City's prostitute-run red-light district, to learn more about Goldie and is captured by her twin sister, Wendy, the attacker Marv previously dismissed as a hallucination. Once he convinces Wendy that he is not the killer, the two return to the farm where Marv kills Kevin. He confronts Cardinal Roark, who confesses his part in the murders. Kevin was the cardinal's ward; the two men ate the prostitutes to ""consume their souls"". Marv kills the cardinal but is then shot and captured by his guards.Marv is taken to a hospital where cops threaten to kill his mother, to get him to confess to killing Roark, Kevin and their victims. He is sentenced to death in the electric chair. Wendy visits him on death row and thanks him for avenging her sister. Marv is then executed.Shellie is being harassed by her abusive ex-boyfriend Jackie Boy and his cronies. Her boyfriend Dwight violently warns him to leave Shellie alone. Jackie Boy and his cronies flee to Old Town. Dwight follows and sees them harass Becky, a young prostitute. Gail, the prostitutes' leader and Dwight's on-and-off lover, also witnesses the scene. When Jackie Boy threatens Becky with a gun, Miho, a martial arts expert, kills Jackie Boy and his friends. They realize Jackie Boy is actually Detective Lieutenant Jack Rafferty of the Basin City Police, considered a ""hero cop"" by the press. If the cops learn how he died, their truce with the prostitutes would end and the mob would be free to wage war on Old Town.Dwight takes the bodies to a tar pit, where he is attacked by an ex-IRA mercenary hired by mob boss Wallenquist. He nearly drowns in the tar before Miho saves him. The mercenary flees to the sewer with Jackie Boy's severed head but Dwight and Miho retrieve it and return to Old Town. Meanwhile, mob enforcer Manute kidnaps Gail. Becky, threatened with the death of her mother by the mob, betrays the prostitutes. Manute prepares the mob's invasion of Old Town. Dwight trades Jackie Boy’s head for Gail's freedom but the head is stuffed with explosives; Dwight detonates it, destroying the evidence and Gail's captors. The other prostitutes gun down the mercenaries while Becky, almost injured in the fight, escapes.Hartigan is recovering in a hospital when Senator Roark informs him that Junior is in a coma and the Roark legacy is in serious jeopardy. Hartigan will be framed for Junior's crimes; if he tells anyone the truth, they will die. A grateful Nancy promises to write letters every week while he is in prison. Hartigan goes to jail, though he refuses to confess. He receives a weekly letter from Nancy, as promised. After eight years, the letters stop and he receives a severed finger instead. Hartigan confesses to all charges leading to his parole and searches for an adult Nancy, not knowing he is being followed by a deformed, yellow man. He eventually finds her at Kadie's Bar, where she has become an exotic dancer.He realizes he was set up to lead the yellow man to Nancy and the two escape in Nancy's car. Hiding in the trunk of Hartigan's car, the deformed man returns, revealing himself as Roark Junior, disfigured by years of surgery to regenerate his body parts. Junior attacks Hartigan and takes Nancy to the Roark farm to finish what he started eight years before. Hartigan follows and fakes a heart attack, giving him a chance to kill Junior by emasculating him and beating him to death. Knowing that Senator Roark will never stop hunting them, Hartigan commits suicide to ensure Nancy's safety. Again, he justifies his life for Nancy's as a fair trade.An injured Becky departs from a hospital, talking on a cell phone with her mother. In the elevator she encounters The Salesman, dressed as a doctor. He offers her a cigarette, calling her by name, and she abruptly ends the call with her mother."
The Age of Adaline	1	"One afternoon in San Francisco, Adaline Bowman purchases fake IDs at an apartment before returning home to feed her dog. She then goes to work and opens a box of film reels, including one that explains her life. She was born on New Years Day 1908, then later married and gave birth to a daughter, only to become a widow after her husband died in a tragic accident. Years later, in 1937, Adaline crashed her car when she swerved into a ravine during a snowstorm and died in the freezing lake nearby, but a lightning strike suddenly revived her. From that moment on, Adaline has stayed physically 29 years old.Ever since, she has changed her identification and address according to the era, while her daughter Flemming ages normally, appearing older than Adaline. One night, two suspicious FBI agents attempt to force her onto an airplane for study, but she escapes captivity and realizes that she will have to spend the rest of her life on the run.On New Year's Eve in the present year, she attends a party where she meets Ellis Jones, introducing herself as her current alias, Jennifer. He asks to see her again but she refuses, knowing she can never fall in love because she can never have a normal future with someone. The next day at work, Ellis arrives and again asks Adaline to go on a date with him. Finally she accepts.In a flashback, Adaline is shown pulling up in a cab to a park where a man is waiting, holding an engagement ring. Scared, she asks the cab driver to keep going. Back in the present day, Adaline's dog falls ill and she begins to ignore Ellis' calls. He shows up at her apartment but she pushes him away, only to have a change of heart while looking through some old photographs and realizing she doesn't want to live the same year a hundred times without having a natural life.They later resolve their argument and Ellis asks Adaline to attend the party at his parents' house celebrating his parents' fortieth anniversary, and she says yes. Upon their arrival, Ellis introduces her to his father, William, who recognizes her instantly and calls her Adaline. She appears to recognize him, too, but lies, telling him that Adaline was her mother, who has since died. A flashback shows how they met and came to be in love, soon revealing that he was the man with the engagement ring she stood up that afternoon. One night, Ellis tells Adaline he is falling in love with her and she is unsure of how to react.The following day, Adaline talks with William outside and he notices a scar on her left hand, and becomes shaken. Another flashback reveals that Adaline cut her hand while they were hiking decades ago and he had stitched it up himself. He realizes that she is truly Adaline and confronts her. She becomes upset, claiming she used to be ""normal"" and doesn't know what changed her. He begs her not to run, for Ellis' sake, but she says she doesn't know how to stay. She flees and returns to the house, writing a note to Ellis while he showers, then she packs her things and leaves. Moments later, Ellis finds the letter and confronts his father, who refuses to explain.While driving home, Adaline thinks of all the times she has run and suddenly has a change of heart about the way she lives her life. She stops and calls her daughter to tell her she is going to stop running. As she turns the car around, a tow truck plows into her in a hit-and-run accident, leaving her to die. Freezing and helpless, Adaline dies again. An ambulance arrives and she is revived by the electricity of the defibrillator. Later in the hospital, she wakes up to Ellis, and the two profess their love for one another. Adaline then tells him of her 107 years of life.One year later, Ellis and Adaline are going to a New Year's Eve party. As she is leaving, she notices something strange in the hallway mirror: her first grey hair, proving she has begun to age naturally again. When Ellis asks if she is okay, she responds: ""Yes... Perfect."""
Daring Danger	1	Tim Madigan (Tim McCoy), a cowboy coming to the aid of Gerry Norris (Alberta Vaughn), whose father (Murdock MacQuarrie) is in trouble with a gang of cattle rustlers. The leaders of the rustlers, Hugo Distang (Robert Ellis) and Bull Bagley (Richard Alexander), prove to be the very same villains Madigan was trailing.[2]
Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken	1	Sonora Webster lives with her emotionally abusive aunt during the Great Depression. She learns that because of the family's financial difficulties, her treasured horse Lightning will be sold and she will be placed in an orphanage. Instead, Sonora slips out of the house during the night. She ends up at a county fair and sees a performance by Marie, a diving girl who rides a horse off a platform, and aspires to do the same. Doc Carver, Marie's employer, tells her she is too young but gives Sonora a job as a stable hand due to her ability with horses, and she begins traveling with them. Doc's son Al wins a wild horse in a card game, and Sonora surprises Doc by taming and riding it, so he promises to train her as a diving girl if she can mount it while it's moving, which she succeeds after multiple attempts.Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform, and Sonora steps in. Although she has never dived with Lightning, their first jump is successful. Marie becomes jealous, and as Doc tires of her diva-like behavior, she quits rather than share billing with Sonora. Al develops a romance with Sonora that strains his relationship with his father, leaving after a particularly bad fight. Al promises to write to Sonora, but Doc hides his letters. As Doc and the new stable hand Clifford leave the farm in search of work, Lightning falls ill with colic. Al returns, and he and Sonora work together to heal Lightning. Doc fails to any jobs, but Al announces he has arranged a six-month contract to perform at the Steel Pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey, reconciling father and son. Doc passes away en route from a heart attack, and Al assumes his father's role as show presenter. Sonora searches for Doc's jacket to give Al confidence on his first show, and finds one of Al's letters inside, confessing his love for her, letting him know she feels the same.Al proposes to Sonora just before a performance in front of their biggest crowd, which she accepts. The horse is a jittery stallion instead of her usual partner Lightning, who falters and trips due to a cymbal crash below. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al. Sonora wakes the morning after to discover she is permanently blind from detached retinas in both eyes. To avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, calling Marie, who returns. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly. She tells Al of her desire to dive with Lightning again, and they work together to try to train her to mount him again, but it proves fruitless and Al gives up. Sonora spends some quiet time with Lightning that night.The next day, with Clifford's help, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora performs in her place with Lightning. Al shouts at her to come back down, but she continues and the jump is successful. Her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for eleven more years with the audience never learning of her blindness, and of her happy marriage to Al.
Nala Damayanthi	1	Ramji Narayanaswami Iyer (Madhavan), a naive and docile Tamil Brahmin (Palakkad Iyer) cook, dreams of marrying off his sister Bhagyam (Divyadarshini) to a good family, as they are orphans and it becomes his sole responsibility. As per convention he has shell out dowry for the marriage and somehow falls short of the agreed sum. Incidentally the groom's family happens to admire the food cooked by Ramji and plan him to send to Melbourne, Australia as a cook for a multi millionaire Australian based Indian family. In return he has to send part of his salary as a compensation for the dowry he owes.The millionaire dies of indigestion the day Ramji arrives, leaving him jobless and without his passport and visa, which had been stolen. Desperate to stay and earn, he starts working illegally as a cook in an Indian hotel owned by an NRI Badri (Sriman), but to stay on, he needs to get a legal work permit as the immigration police are on his heels. Ivan (Bruno Xavier), Badri's cunning lawyer friends explains him that the only way out is marriage with an Australian citizen. Ramji reluctantly agrees for a fake marriage with Ivan's fiancée Damayanthi (Geetu Mohandas), a free-spirited motorbiker of Sri Lankan Tamil Christian background and they get married over the weekend. For all these gimmicks Ivan charges heavy fees from Badri and deposit's in the joint account of his with Damayanthi. Ramji converts to Christianity, becoming Robert, and then moves into Damayanthi's house.The police believes this is a fake marriage and decides to refer the matter to the consulate. Constant stalking by the police forces the couple to stay together to avoid detection by authority. Damayanthi is deeply troubled with the rural mannerisms of Ramji. To break the ice, Ramji cooks delicacies for Damayanthi and wins her heart. Over a period of time Damayanthi realises that Ivan is fooling around with her and does not love her.Meanwhile, Ramji is not able to send the dowry installments as promised and his sister's in-laws throw her out. Damayanthi handles this situation smartly, sends all the money received for the fake marriage in their joint account to her, and makes sure her long-time friend takes care of her. In their confrontation with the consulate, Ramji answers more than he is asked at the immigration office then is forced to return to India. Damayanthi eventually comes along to Palakkad and the film ends with a happy note where couple starts off a restaurant. Actors Kamal Haasan and Jayaram comes to inaugurate their restaurant and wish the couple luck.
The Proud and Profane	2	"In Noumea, New Caledonia 1943, Lee Ashley (Deborah Kerr), the widow of a Paramarine lieutenant killed on the Battle of Bloody Ridge on Guadalcanal has joined the American Red Cross on the island to entertain American servicemen. Her leader at the service club, Kate Connors (Thelma Ritter) had initially been reluctant to have her assigned to New Caledonia lest she use her position as a pilgrimage to find out about her late husband. In addition to entertaining, serving the soldiers and giving French lessons, the Red Cross women are expected to help with the wounded — which Lee initially refuses to do.A Marine Raider battalion comes to New Caledonia after fighting in the South Pacific. Their commander, Lieutenant Colonel Black (William Holden) objects to the Red Cross women treating his men softly; he states that the only place for women in war are ""skirts"" that the men chase and the ""sweethearts"" that wait for them back home. He changes his mind when he tries to seduce the attractive Lee, who initially refuses his advances. Black decides to gain her interest by pretending he knew Lee's late husband and was with him shortly before he died. Though Lee despises the Colonel's arrogance and demands, she is fascinated by him and falls in love with him.Another member of the battalion is the Navy chaplain, Lieutenant Junior Grade Holmes (William Redfield) whom Kate notices is a changed, silent, and saddened man since she last knew him. During a battle the Chaplain had gathered some Marines together in prayer. A Japanese soldier, thought to be dead, used the group as a target for his hand grenade, killing several and wounding their sergeant with a spinal injury. Black demotes the wounded sergeant in rank because he should have known better than to let his men gather in the open. Black constantly harasses the Chaplain by never letting him forget that his presence caused their deaths, with the bodies of the Marines shielding the Chaplain from any injury. Holmes's guilt is compounded by a tropical fever and exhaustion from working that has taken its toll.Another man in the battalion is Private Eddie Wodcik (Dewey Martin) whom Kate had adopted and raised in New York when his parents and sister were burned to death in a tenement fire. Kate loves him like her own child and he reciprocates when he is not being watched by his fellow Marines. Eddie feels that Lee looks exactly like his sister would have if she hadn't died and becomes her protector, promising violent retribution against anyone who doesn't show Lee respect. Eddie demonstrates his ability by giving a disrespectful sailor (Ross Bagdasarian) a jiu jitsu throw to the floor.Lee and the colonel have dinner on board an American warship. A former neighbor of Lee is now a naval officer (Peter Hanson) on the ship and is present at dinner. Lee and the naval officer spend the evening talking about their pre-war civilian lives in a wealthy community. An angry Black later relates to Lee his life of childhood poverty as a half Indian in Montana. When the Raiders are shipped out for a couple of months, Lee discovers she is pregnant and that the colonel has a wife in Washington. She later learns things about her husband that she never knew. The hot-headed Eddie also discovers what his colonel has done to Lee."
Baat Ban Gayi	1	A successful author (Ali Fazal) pretends to be a geek in order to impress his girlfriend's (Anisa) brother (Gulshan Grover), because he expects his brother-in-law to be intelligent. While the hero is almost on the verge of winning over his girl's bhaiya, his rowdie lookalike shows up, adding to the drama. That's not all. Even the bhaiya has a lookalike which doubles the drama and confusion.
In Good Company	1	"Dan Foreman (Dennis Quaid) is a 51-year-old advertising executive and head of sales for Sports America, a major sports magazine. Happily married with two daughters, Dan faces a life-changing event when his magazine is bought out by Globecom, an international corporation that promotes the corporate concept of ""synergy"". After he is forced to fire several of his longtime colleagues, Dan is demoted and becomes the ""wingman"" of his new boss, Carter Duryea (Topher Grace), a 26-year-old business school prodigy. While Dan develops clients through handshake deals and relationships, Carter champions the corporate creed of synergy, cross-promoting the magazine with the cell phone division and ""Krispity Krunch"", a snack food also owned by Globecom.Dan and Carter are both facing challenges in their personal lives. Dan is supporting two daughters—16-year-old Jana (Zena Grey) and 18-year-old Alex (Scarlett Johansson) who is preparing to enter college—and learns that his wife is pregnant with their third child. Meanwhile, Carter is dumped by his adulterous, narcissistic wife of seven months and focuses all of his energy on work. With Dan facing the financial realities of taking out a second mortgage, to cover his daughter's college education costs, and a new child, and with Carter needing Dan's practical, real-life experience in the field of advertising, the two form an uneasy friendship.Carter, who has been struggling with loneliness following the breakup of his marriage, invites himself to dinner at Dan's house, where he meets Dan's daughter, Alex, and the two quickly form an attraction. Their initial friendship allows Carter to forget his loneliness, and Alex, who is now attending New York University, is able to escape her own loneliness and boredom. In the coming days, Carter and Alex spend time together and become romantically involved. Fearful of offending her father, they keep their relationship a secret for the time being.Their friendship, however, takes a turn for the worse when Dan discovers that Carter and Alex have been seeing each other, approaches them in a restaurant, and punches his boss in the face. The confrontation with her father convinces Alex to break up with Carter who is heartbroken. Soon after, Globecom CEO Teddy K visits the sales office and during a grand speech to all the employees on synergy and other similar corporate business strategies, he is questioned by Dan and shrugs him off. Carter's boss, Mark Steckle, tells Carter to fire Dan. Carter refuses, claiming that losing Dan will cost them a major advertising contract. Steckle gives them 24 hours to seal the contract or be fired. Dan has developed a long term relationship with the client, and Carter gives way to Dan's personal approach. The strategy works, and they conclude a deal.Following another corporate shakeup, Sports America is sold off, Carter is let go, and Dan returns to his former position as head of sales. Having developed fatherly feelings toward Carter, Dan offers him a position in his new department as his ""wingman"", but Carter refuses, admitting he needs to take some time off and examine what he really wants to do in his life. On his way out of the building, Carter runs into Alex, and they exchange pleasantries. Dan's wife gives birth to a girl. He calls Carter (who is jogging outdoors for the first time and feels like a new man) with the news."
Rings	2	"On an airplane bound for Seattle, a man reveals that he has watched Samara Morgan's cursed videotape. Another passenger reveals she has seen the tape too, and asks the man if he made a copy. After learning he did not, Samara causes the airplane to crash.Two years later, college professor Gabriel Brown buys a VCR, discovering the videotape inside. Elsewhere, student Julia sees her boyfriend Holt off to college but grows concerned when he falls out of contact. She is inspired to find him when a panicked girl, Skye, contacts her, asking for Holt's whereabouts. Julia meets Gabriel and finds a group of people known as the Sevens, who are involved in an experiment involving the cursed video. The group film themselves watching the video before passing the footage to another person, called a ""tail"".Julia recognizes the panicked girl, Skye, who takes her to her apartment to have her watch the video, but Holt warns her not to. Julia locks herself in the bathroom as Samara kills Skye. Holt reveals that he has watched the tape as well and has twelve hours left. Julia watches his copy and when she picks up the phone, she experiences a vision of a door. The phone burns a mark on her hand. Holt's version of the video cannot be copied and contains additional images of a mysterious woman: she realizes they must cremate Samara's physical remains.Gabriel sends them to Sacrament Valley, where Samara was given a proper burial after the residents of Moesko Island refused to accept the remains.[N 1] He realizes the mark on Julia's hand is Braille, translates it, and goes to warn them. Julia and Holt find an unmarked tomb, but when they break in, they find it empty. They are caught and taken to a blind man named Galen Burke, who claims Samara's body was entombed by the local priest but a flood came, leading the priest to bury her in a potter's field outside town.Heading for the field, Julia and Holt are stopped due to a car crash and learn Gabriel was involved. He tries to warn Julia of his discovery but is killed by a falling utility pole. After experiencing a vision of Samara's mother Evelyn, Julia and Holt return to town. Julia goes to the church and discovers a hidden chamber beneath the bell tower, finding evidence that Evelyn was imprisoned there while pregnant, held in captivity by the priest after being raped before she escaped eight months into the pregnancy.Julia visits Burke and explains her findings. He attacks her, revealing he is the priest as well as Samara's biological father, having blinded himself to escape the reach of her powers. Julia pushes him down the stairs, temporarily incapacitating him. Holt rushes to Burke's house, where he is knocked unconscious. Julia discovers Samara's skeleton behind a wall, and Burke tries to strangle her to prevent her from cremating Samara's remains. He claims the cremation would unleash an unspeakable evil upon the world, and that he has killed several people who previously attempted to do the same. Suddenly, a swarm of cicadas fly in, summoning Samara through Julia's phone. Samara removes Burke's blindness and kills him. Holt recovers and rushes to Julia's aid. That night, he and Julia cremate Samara’s corpse, in an attempt to appease her spirit once and for all, and return home.While Julia is in the shower, Holt notices a voicemail from Gabriel, who warns him of the Braille, which Holt begins to translate. In the bathroom, Julia peels away the skin where the mark was, revealing grey skin underneath. She begins to cough up black hair, from which a cicada is born. Meanwhile, Julia's copy of the cursed video is sent to everyone on her contact list, which becomes viral, despite Holt's futile attempts to disconnect the computer. As his computer glitches, the Braille translation is revealed to be ""rebirth"", as Samara is successfully reborn in Julia, seeing Samara's face in her mirror instead of her own."
A Life of Her Own	1	Lily Brannel James (Lana Turner) leaves her small home town in Kansas for New York City, and she is hired by the Thomas Caraway Model Agency. She befriends former top model Mary Ashlon (Ann Dvorak), who becomes her mentor. Mary is depressed about her foundering career and, following a night of excessive drinking, she commits suicide.Lily eventually becomes a very successful model. As a favor to her attorney friend Jim Leversoe (Louis Calhern), she spends some time with Steve Harleigh (Ray Milland), a Montana copper-mine owner in New York on business. The two fall in love, but both realize nothing can come of it. After Steve goes home, he has Jim buy Lily a bracelet, but she refuses to accept it.Lily finds that success does not fill the void in her life. When Steve returns to New York to secure a loan, he runs into her. He tells her he is married. His wife Nora was left a paraplegic in an automobile accident for which he was responsible. Despite this, their feelings for each other are too strong, and they embark on an affair.Matters come to a head when Nora visits him to celebrate his birthday. On the night of Steve's birthday, Lily hosts a party too, even though Steve stays with Nora, who is making some progress in relearning to walk with crutches. Steve slips out to Lily's party and is taken aback by her self-destructive behavior.Lily decides to confront Nora and asks family friend Jim to accompany her. However, when she sees how nice Nora is and how dependent she is on her husband, Lily cannot bring herself to tell her about her involvement with Steve. On the way out, she bumps into Steve at the elevator and tells him it is over.Some time later, Lily runs into advertising executive Lee Gorrance (Barry Sullivan), who had been dating Mary just prior to her death. When Lily resists his romantic advances, he predicts she will end up lonely and depressed like Mary. Upset by his comments, Lily considers ending her own life, but finally resolves to remain strong, even if she is lonely.
The King	1	The city of Kozhikode is victimized by a massive communal riot against the slums, costing the lives of 12 people. Madhu Kumar (Appa Haja), a wildlife photographer, witnesses a group of criminals transporting explosives through the local forest check post, so he calls up the local police commissioner Shankar (Devan) and passes the information. Shankar asks him to wait for his officers to pick him up. But instead of the police, it is the same goons who come for Madhu, resulting in his death. While having the police to fight against the rioters, the aggressive and belligerent, yet honorable and incorruptible district collector Joseph Alex IAS (Mammootty) is suspicious of Shankar's activities and decides to investigate the case. He is assisted by ASP Prasad (K. B. Ganesh Kumar), one of the sincere officers who admires Joseph for his arrogant way of dealing politicians and officials. Also tagging along with Joseph is the young assistant district collector Anura Mukerji IAS (Vani Viswanath), whose freecare style conflicts against Joseph's strict behavior because of her tragic childhood. It later turns out that Anura's behavior was rooted from a horrible experience of when her father continuously cheated on her mother a lot, and that her mother prayed to her to no avail, which is why Anura pretended to be a freak to ease her pain. Upon learning this, Alex decides to warm up to her.The next day, Joseph is brought over to a personal hearing with the state minister John Varghese (Kollam Thulasi), who berates him over his behavior while attempting to stop the riots. However, Joseph stands up by berating Varghese for his belief to using his power to hurt others. Meanwhile, Madhu's father (Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair) reaches out to Prasad for filing a man missing complaint, resulting Prasad in discovering the body of Madhu in a decomposed stage with his camera, but the film is missing.As the investigation heats up, the local Member of Parliament Jayakrishnan (Murali) is struggling over the issues over the damaged area. However, it turns out that he is the mastermind behind the massacre, as he planned the communal violence against the slums to plan new real estate business in the area. Also involved in the conspiracy is Varghese himself, Kandanmkuzhi Thankachan (Azeez), and Shankar, who tries hard to topple off the investigation, revealing that he sent up the goons to find and kill Madhu to cover their tracks.The local police medical surgeon Dr. Vijay (Vijay Menon), who has conducted the autopsy of Madhu, later finds that Madhu was actually murdered. However, before he could reveal it to the public, he was found dead in a road accident on the next morning. Sanjay (Vijayaraghavan), a close buddy of Joseph during his Mussourie training days, arrives in Kozhikode to investigate the murder of Dr. Vijay, who happens to be his younger brother. Joseph, along with Sanjay and Prasad, find out that Dr. Vijay was injected with a powerful drug by the same goons who killed Madhu, which could have contributed to the accident. While Jayakrishnan flies off to Delhi to accept his new job as cabinet minister of Central Ministry, Joseph interrogates Varghese, who then reveals the identity of the leading goon responsible for the murders of Madhu and Dr. Vijay, Ananthashankara Iyer (T.S. Krishnan). After arresting Iyer, Joseph uses the same sedative that resulted in Dr. Vijay's death to force Iyer into giving out important information of the conspiracy behind the communal riot. However, before Alex and Prasad could escort Iyer to the police station, Iyer's boss Vikram Khorpade, a Mumbai underworld don who has strong ties with Jayakrishnan and being a major player in the conspiracy, arrives and causes a shootout that allowed him to rescue Iyer. Vikram also takes the opportunity to personally kill Anura by shooting her down before fleeing away with Iyer, much to Joseph's shock.Declaring this personal, Joseph, Prasad, and Sanjay track down Vikram and his goons to a horse farm. After Sanjay kills Iyer by hanging him on a chain, Joseph takes Vikram into custody, forcing him to reveal the identities of the people behind the conspiracy. On the arrival at the airport after a sworn-in ceremony as the new Cabinet Minister, Jayakrishnan is met by an angry Joseph and several other officers, as they have awaited for his return. Joseph then takes the opportunity to reveal Jayakrishnan's plans and conspiracy to the public, using both Iyer's and Vikram's confession as proof of his findings. As a result, Jayakrishnan is placed under arrest for conspiracy to crime and murder while Shankar is suspended from the police force and arrested by his own officers for the same charges. However, Jayakrishnan, refusing to concede defeat, takes one of his guards' guns and fires at the crowd, killing Vikram and several citizens. Jayakrishnan then uses the commotion to make a getaway in a car, only for Joseph to shoot the gas tank, resulting an explosion that destroys the car, killing Jayakrishnan inside. Joseph is then hailed as a hero by the public for his actions.
Dunkirk	2	"The film is set during Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of surrounded British and French troops from the beaches of Dunkirk, France between 26 May and 4 June 1940, during the Second World War. Events are seen mostly from the viewpoints of two people, a civilian in England, newspaper reporter Charles Foreman (Bernard Lee) and a British soldier in France, Corporal ""Tubby"" Binns (John Mills).Foreman fails to rouse his complacent readers on the home front from the luring notion of a ""Phoney War"" (October 1939 – April 1940) before it is too late. His acquaintance John Holden (Richard Attenborough) owns a small factory manufacturing buckles and is quite pleased with his profits from the Phoney War. In May 1940, the Battle of France begins when the Germans invade and rapidly advance, threatening to trap much of the Allied forces in a pocket in northern France and overwhelm them.Corporal ""Tubby"" Binns (John Mills), his platoon leader Lieutenant Lumpkin and a depleted section return to camp after blowing up a bridge, only to discover that their company has pulled out during the night, leaving them alone in France. One man and a lorry have been left to wait for them, but the driver and Lumpkin are killed in a German air attack, leaving Tubby in charge of a five-man squad with no idea what the situation is or where to go. It is up to Tubby to keep his increasingly demoralised men on the move. They dodge the advancing Germans and reach a Royal Artillery battery camp. There they receive some food, but lose Private Frazer while repelling a German column. They are then ordered to head north with two other stragglers to try to link up with the rest of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF). The party spends the night in a farmhouse, but at dawn a German patrol breaks in and Private Dave Bellman is shot badly in the chest, forcing Tubby to leave him behind, as it is Bellman's only chance of receiving medical attention. Eventually, they encounter a Royal Air Force lorry and get a lift to Dunkirk. They join the rest of the BEF and tens of thousands of French soldiers who are hoping to be evacuated to England.The situation becomes so desperate that General John Vereker, Viscount Gort, the commander of the BEF, pulls out two divisions against orders to reinforce the wavering Belgians. The Admiralty commandeers all available civilian boats to help evacuate the troops from the beaches. Foreman insists on taking his motorboat Vanity himself, despite warnings of the danger. Other boat owners follow his example. Holden does the same with some reluctance at first, but his lack of commitment is soon forgotten.The soldiers on the beaches are subjected to regular aerial bombing and strafing. Tubby and his men get aboard a ship, only to have it blown up and sunk before it can depart. When they get back to the beach, Pte Barlow is hit in the face and taken to the aid station. After ferrying soldiers to the larger vessels, Foreman's boat is destroyed by a bomber. He survives and is picked up by Holden in the Heron. When Heron's engine breaks down, Private Mike Russell, one of Tubby's men, effects repairs while Foreman and teenage crewman Frankie go ashore to survey the scene. Foreman and Tubby discuss who is responsible for the debacle. During a Sunday morning church parade, Foreman is fatally wounded in an attack by Luftwaffe Ju 87 Stuka dive bombers. Holden, Tubby and the rest of his men arrive safely back in Britain."
Cry of the Hunted	0	An obsessive lawman (Barry Sullivan) who works for the state chases an escaped fugitive (Vittorio Gassman) through the Louisiana bayou.
Mela	1	Manju lives in the village with her father a school teacher and step mother. Mohan (Dilip Kumar) and Manju (Nargis) live in the same village and are friends since childhood. The friendship develops into love and they are both excited about their wedding. Mohan decides to go into town to buy jewelry for the marriage. On the way he is robbed and becomes unconscious with his injuries landing him in a hospital.Mehkoo (Jeevan), is a no-good retired from the army man, who lusts after one of the young village girls. He is influential with Manju's stepmother and, with her by his side he calls the village panchayat. Here he denounces Mohan as a cad who has run way with a girl, telling them that he won't return for the marriage. Since th wedding day has been fixed, the panchayat agrees with Mehkoo that Manju should get married on the day decided. A supposedly suitable groom is found for Manju, who turns out to be a seventy-year-old sickly man. When he enters the wedding chambers, he finds that Manju is too young to be his bride. Remorseful, he asks forgiveness but pleads with her to care for his children. Manju takes on the role of the old man's wife. The man dies with Manju now left a young widow in charge of the children.One night in stormy weather, she goes out to meet Mohan, and is killed when she falls off a cliff. Mehkoo and other villagers arrive to convict Mohan of murdering Manju. Mohan says nothing in his defense and is sentenced to twenty years imprisonment. On release from jail, Mohan goes to the same place where Manju had died. He sees her spirit, who beckons him to follow her. As he does, he falls off the cliff edge and dies.
Barbershop	1	On a cold winter day, Calvin Palmer Jr. (Ice Cube) decides he has had enough of trying to keep open the barbershop his father handed down to him. He cannot borrow, revenues are falling, and he seems more interested in get-rich-quick schemes to bring in easy money. Without telling his employees or the customers, he sells the barbershop to a greedy loan shark, Lester Wallace (Keith David), who secretly plans to turn it into a strip club.After spending a day at work, and realizing just how vital the barbershop is to the surrounding community, Calvin rethinks his decision and tries to get the shop back - only to find out Wallace wants double the $20,000 he paid Calvin to return it, and before 7 pm that day. Right after he admits to the employees that he sold the barber shop, and that it would be closing at the end of the day, the police arrive to arrest one of the barbers, Ricky (Michael Ealy). He is accused of driving his pickup truck into a nearby market to steal an ATM, but it's revealed that Ricky's cousin J.D. (Anthony Anderson) committed the crime after borrowing Ricky's truck. As this would be Ricky's 'third strike', he could be sentenced to life in prison. Calvin uses the $20,000 from Lester to bail Ricky out of jail, but because J.D. set him up, Ricky is still angry.Calvin reveals that he found a gun in Ricky's locker in the barbershop and shows it to him. They stop the car and Ricky throws the gun into the river, proving that he does not want to get into any more trouble. Then they both go to confront Lester, as well as J.D. and Billy (Lahmard Tate), who took the ATM machine to Lester's place without his knowledge, still trying to pry it open. Calvin and Ricky demand that Lester give the barbershop back. Angered, Lester orders his bodyguard Monk to pull out his gun. The police arrive just in time to save Calvin and Ricky and arrest J.D. and Billy. Calvin and Ricky see the ATM, and get a $50,000 reward for returning it to police. They get the money, and the barbershop reopens with even better business than before. In the meantime, Calvin's wife Jennifer (Jazsmin Lewis) has given birth to a baby boy.
The Virtuous Sin	0	Marya is the wife of medical student Victor Sablin, who finds it impossible to deal with military life when he is inducted into the Russian army during World War I. With her husband is sentenced to death by firing squad due to his insubordination, Marya offers herself to General Gregori Platoff in order to save him. When the two unexpectedly fall in love, Victor — not caring that his life has been spared — threatens to kill his rival. His determination to eliminate the general falters when Marya confesses she is not in love with her husband — and never was.
Stormbreaker	2	Alex Rider is a 14-year-old schoolboy who lives with his uncle Ian and their housekeeper Jack Starbright. Ian is supposedly a bank manager and is, much to Alex's regret, often away from home. One day, Alex is told that his uncle has died in a car crash, but quickly discovers that his uncle was in fact a spy working for MI6 and was murdered.He is then recruited by his uncle's former employers, Alan Blunt and Mrs. Jones of the Special Operations Division of MI6, who explain to Alex that his uncle has been training him as a spy. Alex initially refuses to cooperate but agrees when they threaten to not renew the visa and deport Jack as a result of her visa running out seven years before. Alex is then sent to a military training camp in the Brecon Beacons, the home of the Special Air Service. At first, his fellow trainees look down on him because of his age, but he soon gains their respect for his capabilities.He sets off on his first mission, aided by gadgets from Smithers. Billionaire Darrius Sayle is donating free high-powered computer systems codenamed Stormbreaker to every school in the United Kingdom. MI6 are suspicious of his seemingly generous plans and send Alex undercover as a competition winner to investigate. There, he meets Sayle himself and his two accomplices, Mr. Grin and Nadia Vole, and is shown the Stormbreaker computer in action. Later, while Alex is having dinner with Sayle, the suspicious Vole steals Alex's phone and tracks the SIM card to his house in Chelsea. She goes there and finds Alex's true identity; while there, she is disturbed by and consequently fights Jack. Despite being outclassed, Jack wins with the help of a blowfish, leaving Nadia to flee the scene. That night, Alex sneaks out of his bedroom window to observe a midnight delivery of mysterious containers to Sayle's lair.The next day, Alex finds himself in trouble when his cover is blown. After attempting to escape from the facility, he is captured, and Sayle explains his true reasons behind Stormbreaker – each system contains a modified strain of the smallpox virus which, upon activation in the Stormbreaker release, will kill all of the country's schoolchildren. Sayle leaves Alex tied up and departs for the London Science Museum. Nadia drops Alex into a water-tank to be killed by a giant Portuguese Man o' War, but he escapes using the metal-disintegrating spot cream supplied by Smithers, Nadia is subdued when she is hit by the jellyfish, rupturing the tank in the process. Alex then hitches a ride on a Mil Mi-8 helicopter piloted by Mr. Grin, using a sodium pentothal arrow to gain Mr. Grin's obedience. Alex parachutes out of the helicopter and lands just as the Prime Minister is about to press the button which will activate the computers. Alex uses a rifle to shoot the podium, which destroys the button, and ruins Sayle's plan.Furious, Sayle leaves to carry out his back-up plan, and Alex, with the help of school friend Sabina Pleasure pursues Sayle through the streets of London. Fifty floors up on one of Sayle's skyscrapers, Alex reaches him and unplugs his backup transmitter. Sayle chases him out onto the roof and pushes both Alex & Sabina off the roof, leaving them hanging by a dislodged cable. Unexpectedly, Yassen arrives in a helicopter and kills Sayle (in the same manner he did Ian) before rescuing Alex. Yassen then tells Alex that Sayle had become an embarrassment to his employers, and that Alex should forget about him, but Alex refuses saying that the killing of his uncle Ian means they are still enemies.Alex returns to school; he and Sabina are talking about what happened and he says that it will never happen again. The film ends with someone observing Alex from a distance. He notices it and realizes that it's not the end.
Big Momma's House	1	"The story begins in an illegal underground dog-fighting arena in Korea, where an undercover FBI agent, John Patterson, has been identified and is later ordered by a Korean mob boss to be killed. However, John is eventually rescued by his undercover partner and master of disguise, Malcolm Turner.Meanwhile, a criminal named Lester Vesco, who was originally serving a life sentence in prison for murder and armed robbery, escapes from his cell by killing a doctor and stealing his car. The FBI assigns Malcolm and John to capture Lester by sending them to small-town Cartersville, Georgia to stake out the house of an overweight, elderly African American woman named Hattie Mae Pierce (who is suffering from stewed prunes), whom her friends call her Big Momma. Big Momma is the estranged Southern grandmother of Lester's ex-girlfriend, Sherry Pierce, a bank employee who supposedly aided Lester in his robbery by giving him the key to the vault. After Big Momma unexpectedly leaves town for two weeks to help an ill friend, Malcolm and John sneak into her house to plant security cameras and tap the phones. Sherry calls Big Momma's house, and Malcolm disguises his voice as Big Momma in order to lure Sherry to the house and possibly obtain a confession. The plan works, and Malcolm and John work together on a Big Momma disguise costume before Sherry's arrival.The next day, Sherry arrives at Big Momma's house with her 10-year-old son, Trent. However, Malcolm's behaviour and sudden inexperience with cooking confuses Sherry. Malcolm also has to deal with Big Momma's lecherous boyfriend, Ben Rawley; act as midwife for a woman named Ritha, who has gone into labor; and attend self-defense classes under Ritha's older brother, a dim-witted security guard named Nolan, whom Malcolm handily defeats. After Malcolm almost damages the suit while sleeping, he tries to sneak back to the safe house where he and John are staying. However, Sherry captures Malcolm on the porch and he poses as Big Momma's handyman. Malcolm and John repair the suit. When Malcolm leaves with Sherry, John searches Trent and Sherry's belongings for clues, but to no avail. Malcolm bonds with Trent when he defends him against the two older boys who bullied Trent and kicked him off a basketball court so they could play. Malcolm and Trent eventually beat the boys at basketball, amazing Nolan and Trent. Malcolm also begins to bond with Sherry and Trent when he accompanies them on a fishing trip as himself. That night, Nolan discovers Malcolm and John's undercover operation and is reluctantly recruited to help them after he insists.Malcolm accompanies Sherry and Trent to church, where the Reverend calls on Malcolm to give his testimony. Malcolm attempts to influence Sherry and Trent by giving them his testimony about the importance of not keeping secrets. When Malcolm, Sherry, and Trent return to Big Momma's house, they discover a surprise birthday party for Big Momma. During the party, the real Big Momma returns home prematurely, whom John tries to stall her. Malcolm accidentally finds the stolen money hidden in Trent's footlocker. Sherry tells Malcolm the real story: Lester had wooed Sherry so he could steal her keys to gain access to the bank vault; Sherry did not tell anyone about her stolen keys out of fear of getting fired. John quietly tells Nolan that the real Big Momma is back, at which point Nolan accidentally locks Malcolm out of the house, believing he is the real Big Momma. When Lester arrives after tracking down Sherry, Malcolm breaks through the window and fights Lester, causing confusion among the partygoers as they see two Big Mommas at once. Lester shoots John in his right shoulder and rips Malcolm's mask during a fistfight, which reveals his identity. Nonetheless, Malcolm subdues Lester by knocking him out through the window. Sherry and Trent are heartbroken to realize that Malcolm was an FBI agent all along, and they refuse to speak to him. The police arrest Lester and paramedics takes John to the hospital to heal his right shoulder.On Sunday morning, Malcolm goes to church to testify Sherry, Trent, and Big Momma. Malcolm delivers his confession and heartfelt speech to Sherry and Trent, and later admits that he genuinely loves them. Big Momma forgives Malcolm, and the crowd cheers as Malcolm and Sherry kiss. The crowd celebrates as Big Momma and the choir sings ""Oh Happy Day"" during the film's closing credits."
A Soldier's Story	2	"The time is 1944 during World War II. Vernon Waters (Adolph Caesar), a master sergeant in a company of black soldiers, is very drunk and staggering along a road along Fort Neal, a segregated Army base in Louisiana. Waters' last words amidst his raucous laughter were ""They still hate you! They still hate you!"" before he is shot to death with a .45 caliber pistol.When Waters' body is found the next day, Captain Richard Davenport (Howard E. Rollins, Jr.), a black officer from the Judge Advocate General is sent to investigate, against the wishes of commanding officer Colonel Nivins (Trey Wilson). While the general consensus is that he was killed by local members of the Ku Klux Klan, others are doubtful, having heard that Waters' stripes and insignia were still on his uniform and aware that the Klan's typical M.O. is to remove them before lynching their victims.From the outset, Davenport is faced with obstacles. Colonel Nivins will only give him three days to conduct his investigation. Even Captain Taylor (Dennis Lipscomb), the one white officer in favor of a full investigation, is uncooperative and patronizing, fearing that a black officer will have little success in catching those responsible. While some black soldiers are happy and proud to see one of their own race wearing captain's bars, others are distrustful and evasive.Davenport learns that Waters' company was officially part of the 221st Chemical Smoke Generator Battalion and while eager to serve their country overseas, when not training they are assigned menial jobs in deference to their white counterparts. However, most are former baseball players from the Negro Leagues and grouped as a unit in order to play ball, with Waters assigned to manage the players. Their success as a team playing against white soldiers gives them a good deal of popularity, with talk of the team playing against the New York Yankees in an exhibition game.James Wilkie (Art Evans), a fellow sergeant whom Waters recently demoted to private for being drunk on duty, initially portrays Waters as a strict ""spit-and-polish"" disciplinarian but also a just, good-natured NCO who got on well with the men, especially the jovial and well-liked C.J. Memphis (Larry Riley). But as Davenport probes deeper, he uncovers Waters' true tyrannical nature and his disgust with his fellow black soldiers, particularly those from the rural South.An interview with Private Peterson (Denzel Washington) revealed how he stood up to Waters when he berated the men after another winning game. In retaliation, the sergeant challenged Peterson to a fight and beat him badly. Davenport then learns through interviews with other soldiers how Waters charged C.J. with the murder of a white MP, after a search conducted by Wilkie turned up a recently discharged pistol under C.J.'s bunk. Confronting him with the evidence, Waters provoked C.J. into striking him, whereupon the weapons charge was dismissed and C.J. was then charged with striking a superior officer.When C.J.'s best friend Bernard Cobb (David Alan Grier) visits him in jail, C.J. is suffering from intense claustrophobia and tells Cobb of a visit from Sgt. Waters, who admitted freely to C.J. that it was a set-up and that Waters had done it at least five times before to others like him, saying ""the Black race can't afford you no more...the day of the Geechee is gone, boy. And you're going with it."" When Davenport asked Corporal Cobb what happened to C.J., he is told that the man hanged himself in his cell while awaiting trial. In protest, the platoon threw the last game of the season, while Waters was left profoundly shaken by the suicide. The team was disbanded by Taylor and the players assigned to a smoke generating company.Davenport then finds out that two white officers coming from a military exercise, Captain Wilcox (Scott Paulin) and Lieutenant Byrd (Wings Hauser), had an altercation with the drunk sergeant a short time before his death. When questioned, both officers admit to physical assault when confronted by Waters on a drunken tirade, but deny killing him, revealing that they had not been issued .45 ammunition for the exercise as it was in short supply and it was reserved for MPs and soldiers on special duty. Though Taylor is convinced that Wilcox and Byrd are lying and is eager to arrest them, Davenport releases them.While a search has begun for Privates Peterson and Smalls who have both gone AWOL, Davenport questions Wilkie once more, and the demoted private is forced to admit that he planted the gun under C.J.'s bunk on Waters' orders. Though he hid it from everyone, Waters divulged in private to Wilkie his intense hatred of C.J. and others like him whom Waters felt were an unwelcome weight on the Black race. Davenport then asks why Waters didn't go after Peterson since they had the fight, and Wilkie tells him that Waters liked Peterson because he fought back and was planning to promote him. Davenport has Wilkie placed under arrest just as an impromptu celebration has begun outside after learning that the platoon is to be shipped out to join the fight overseas.Realizing that Peterson and Smalls were on guard duty the night of Waters' murder, and thus had been issued .45 ammunition for their pistols, Davenport interrogates Smalls after he has been found by the MPs and Smalls confesses that it was Peterson who killed Sergeant Waters, as revenge for C.J. When Peterson is captured and brought into the interrogation room, he confesses to the murder, saying ""I didn't kill much. Some things need getting rid of.""The film ends with Taylor congratulating Davenport on getting his man and admitting that he will have to get used to Negroes being in charge. Davenport assures Taylor that he'll get used to it. ""You can bet your ass on that,"" he adds, as the platoon marches in preparation for their deployment to the European Theater."
Housefull	1	The movie follows Ananthan (Tini Tom), a 36-year-old police constable who has experienced multiple failures at trying to find a woman to marry. He eventually meets and marries Emily (Jyothirmayi), a textile worker, much to the chagrin of both of their families. The couple tried for a baby in the hopes of placating their family, but were unable to conceive and began a series of fertility treatments. Initially overjoyed when the treatments are successful, Ananthan and Emily are shocked to discover that she was now pregnant with quadruplets.[6]
Sadgati	0	The film is a vicious indictment of the Indian caste system. When a poor and low caste village shoemender, Dukhi (Om Puri), goes to the village Brahmin (Hindu priest) (Mohan Agashe) to get the date of his daughter's marriage fixed, the Brahmin in turn asks for labour without pay in exchange. The ensuing events turn the tables against the priest, who in the end has to forego the lofty traditions, including that of untouchability, he held so dearly all his life as village priest.[1]
By the Light of the Silvery Moon	0	By the Light of the Silvery Moon relates the further adventures of the Winfield family in small town Indiana as daughter Marjorie Winfield's (Doris Day) boyfriend, William Sherman (Gordon MacRae), returns from the Army after World War I. Bill and Marjorie's on-again, off-again romance provides the backdrop for other family crises, caused mainly by son Wesley's (Billy Gray) wild imagination.
Kicking the Moon Around	0	In an effort to discover whether his fiancee is a golddigger, a millionaire's son pretends to have lost all of his money.
The Farm: En Veettu Thottathil	0	Inspired by the popular tale of Red Riding Hood, this Malaysian Tamil slasher film, which gives a dark twist to the story, tells of the painful journey of a girl. The Farm follows a hearing-impaired girl and her encounter with the various kinds of men in her life; one whose nice intentions hide a darker motive, one with bad intentions initially who later repents, and one who abuses women, which the director portrays as ‘an animal’.
Boxing Helena	0	Nick Cavanaugh is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed with a woman named Helena. After she suffers a high grade tibial fracture in a hit-and-run motor vehicle accident in front of his home, he kidnaps and treats her in his house surreptitiously, amputating both of her legs above the knee. Later, he amputates her arms above the elbow after she tries to choke him.Though Helena is the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with her constant ridiculing of him for all of his shortcomings.
Paul	1	"Graeme Willy and Clive Gollings are British comic book enthusiasts and best friends who travel to the United States to attend the annual San Diego Comic-Con International, and to take a road trip through the American Southwest to visit sites significant to UFO lore. While driving on a remote desert highway at night, after a tense situation with some rednecks in a diner, Graeme and Clive observe a car driving erratically and then crashing. They stop to investigate and offer assistance to the driver, who turns out to be an alien named Paul. Clive faints, but Graeme agrees to assist Paul and gives him a ride.Later, Special Agent Zoil of the US Secret Service arrives at the car-crash site and informs his unseen female superior, ""the Big Guy"", that he is closing in on Paul. She sends two inept rookies, Haggard and O'Reilly, to assist Zoil.Graeme, Clive, and Paul camp at an RV park run by two Christian fundamentalists, one-eyed Ruth Buggs and her father, Moses. The next day, when Ruth discovers Paul, the three are forced to take her with them. During an argument, Paul convinces Ruth to question her beliefs. Paul later uses his healing power to cure Ruth's blinded eye. The fugitives stop at a bar and Ruth tries to call Moses, but Zoil intercepts the call. She is accosted by the rednecks from the diner, and a bar fight ensues. The group escapes when Paul terrifies the rednecks into fainting. Later, at another RV park, Ruth is questioned by Agent Zoil, but claims to know nothing about ""a one-eyed girl"" or ""two British nerds"". Released, Graeme and she retrieve Clive and Paul, who narrowly escape Haggard and O'Reilly. Frustrated, Zoil orders Haggard and O'Reilly to return to base, but they go behind his back and insist on catching the alien on their own.The group soon arrives at a house owned by Tara, who rescued Paul when he crashed on Earth 60 years ago and accidentally killed her dog (Who Paul was named after) in the crash, and as a result of no one believing her story, has spent her life as a pariah. As she makes tea for her visitors, Haggard, O'Reilly, and Zoil surround the house. The fugitives flee, but O'Reilly shoots at them, igniting gas from Tara's stove and destroying her house. O'Reilly is apparently killed in the explosion. Haggard pursues and catches up to the RV. Due to an error in judgement, Haggard drives off a cliff and is killed. Zoil reassures the Big Guy that he will have Paul within the hour, but she is tired of waiting and informs Zoil that she has ordered a ""military response"".Paul, Graeme, Clive, Ruth, and Tara arrive at Devils Tower National Monument, where they set off fireworks as a signal to Paul's mothership. A helicopter suddenly arrives with agents and the Big Guy. Zoil then appears and initiates a stand-off, disabling the agents, but is then wounded by the Big Guy. Secretly, Zoil is Paul's friend and was attempting to aid his escape under the guise of capturing the alien. The group fights the Big Guy and Tara knocks her out. Moses arrives unexpectedly and fires his shotgun, intending to kill Paul, but Graeme jumps in front of Paul and Ruth and is fatally wounded. Paul once again uses his healing powers, reviving Graeme in spite of the danger to himself. Graeme and Ruth admit their feelings for each other and kiss, but then the Big Guy regains consciousness and holds the group at gunpoint. Just as the Big Guy is about to kill them, she is crushed by a suddenly arriving spaceship. Paul says goodbye to his friends but before he goes, he offers Tara a chance to go with him, promising to give her a new life after ruining her childhood and accidentally killing her dog. The aliens go home as the humans wave them goodbye.Two years later, Graeme, Clive, Ruth, Zoil, and O'Reilly (who survived the explosion) are at another Comic-Con, where Graeme and Clive are promoting Paul, their best-selling novel."
The Pittsburgh Kid	0	About to fight his biggest bout, Billy Conn is upset by the death of Pop Mallory, his manager. A boxing promoter, Max Allison, who wants Billy to fight for him, uses daughter Barbara to try to sway him away from Pop's daughter Pat Mallory, who keeps Billy under contract.An impatient Billy dislikes the way Pat handles his career. Meanwhile, nightclub owner Joe Barton resents the interest his girl Barbara Ellison has been showing Billy, neither knowing nor carry that it's all a ruse on her part on her father's behalf.Billy finally gets a title shot, thanks to Pat's management and reporter Cliff Halliday's enthusiastic buildup. But when an angry Barton comes to threaten Billy, a gun goes off, Barton is killed and Billy is arrested for his murder. By the time he can get released, Pat isn't there on fight night and Billy's first round goes badly. Barbara rushes to find Pat, convincing her that she belongs in Billy's corner for good.
Mystery Train	1	"The film consists of three stories that take place on the same night in downtown Memphis. The three stories are linked together by the Arcade Hotel, a run-down flophouse presided over by the night clerk (Screamin' Jay Hawkins) and bellboy (Cinqué Lee), where the principal characters in each story spend a part of the night. Every room in the hotel is adorned with a portrait of Elvis Presley.The first story, ""Far from Yokohama"", features Mitsuko (Youki Kudoh) and Jun (Masatoshi Nagase), a teenage couple from Yokohama making a pilgrimage to Memphis during a trip across America. Mitsuko is obsessed with Elvis to the point where she believes that there is a mystical connection between Elvis, Madonna and the Statue of Liberty. The film follows the couple as they travel from the train station, through downtown Memphis and an exhausting tour of Sun Records, to the Arcade hotel.The second story, ""A Ghost"", is about an Italian widow, Luisa (Nicoletta Braschi), who is stranded in Memphis while escorting her husband's coffin back to Italy. Luisa, who has been conned twice and stuck with armfuls of magazines, is forced to share a room at the hotel with Dee Dee (Elizabeth Bracco), a young woman who has just left her boyfriend (Johnny from the final story) and who plans to leave the city in the morning. Luisa is kept awake by Dee Dee's constant talking, and when the young woman finally does go to sleep, she is visited by an apparition of Memphis' most famous icon – Elvis Presley.The final story, ""Lost in Space"", introduces Johnny (Joe Strummer). Upset after losing his job and his girlfriend (Dee Dee), Johnny – known, much to his chagrin, as Elvis – drunkenly brandishes a gun in a bar before leaving with his friend Will Robinson (Rick Aviles) and his ex-girlfriend's brother Charlie (Steve Buscemi), who believes Johnny to be his brother-in-law. They stop at a liquor store, which Johnny robs using the gun and severely wounds the owner in the process. Fearing the consequences of the incident, Johnny, Will and Charlie retire to the hotel to hide out for the night; there, Johnny gets drunker. Charlie realizes that Will shares the same name as the character Will Robinson from the television show Lost in Space, which Johnny has never heard of. Charlie and Johnny proceed to tell him about the show, and Will comments that that is how he feels then with Charlie and Johnny: lost in space. The next morning, Charlie discovers that Johnny isn't really his brother-in-law, which angers him because of what they've been through. Johnny attempts to shoot himself, and while struggling to prevent him, Charlie is shot in the leg. Leaving the hotel, the three rush to escape a police car that isn't even looking for them. The closing credits show the train, the airport and the final views of the characters from the first two stories."
Dreamchild	2	The film begins on the ship bearing Alice (Coral Browne) and Lucy from England to New York City. As she and Lucy (Nicola Cowper) disembark, they are set upon by several journalists, all trying to get a story or quote from her. Clearly bewildered by all the excitement, she is befriended by an ex-reporter, Jack Dolan (Peter Gallagher), who helps her and Lucy through the legions of the press. Dolan quickly becomes her agent and finds endorsement opportunities for her. Throughout it all, a romance develops between Jack and Lucy.But all is not well with Alice. Being so advanced in age, she needs Lucy, of whom she can be very demanding, to be her constant companion. When left alone in their hotel room, she begins to hallucinate and sees Mr. Dodgson (Ian Holm) in their room, and then, later, the Mad Hatter (voiced by Tony Haygarth) and March Hare (voiced by Ken Campbell). Joining them for their insane tea party, they berate her for being so old and forgetful. She remembers also the lazy boating party of 4 July 1862, when the young Reverend Charles Dodgson, (Lecturer in Mathematics at Christ Church, Oxford, where her father was the Dean), had attempted to entertain her and her sisters by spinning the nonsense tale that grew to be Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.Via flashbacks, it is insinuated that Dodgson had an infatuation with the young Alice Liddell (Amelia Shankley). Was it an innocent admiration he had for the girl or something inappropriate? Alice is clearly troubled by her recollections of Dodgson. The parameters of her relationship with him were somewhat tortured. Dodgson was unwaveringly adoring of Alice, and while she was usually kind, she could sometimes be cruel and mocking of him, especially of his occasional stutter – as on the day of the boating party when she was on the verge of her teens and trying to impress a couple of young students (one of whom she eventually marries). Alice tries to rectify her feelings and past relationship with the author in her mind.By the time she delivers her acceptance speech at Columbia University, she comes to terms with Dodgson and the way she treated him. In another fantasy sequence with the Mock Turtle, the viewers see them finally reconciled together in a way that can be interpreted as all-encompassing, as both mutual apology and forgiveness.
My Ordinary Love Story	0	Eun-jin struggles to make her seventh relationship work after six failed ones. But she begins to suspect that her new boyfriend, bumbling but sweet Hyun-suk, may be hiding something.[5]
The Private Afternoons of Pamela Mann	2	Bourbon plays Pamela Mann, a married psychotherapist living and working in Manhattan who has several sexual encounters that are filmed by a private detective hired by her husband. Mann has sex with one of her patients, a prostitute, and also is kidnapped by a couple of radicals. While the male radical orally rapes Mann, the female radical reads the text of a Supreme Court decision on pornography. She also fellates a man she meets on a park bench. At the climax of the film, Mann is revealed to be watching the detective's films in bed with her husband. They have staged the encounters and the snooping for their own private enjoyment. They then have sex.[8][9][10]
Army Girl	1	"Capt. Dike Conger and M/Sgt. ""Three Star"" Hennessy are sent with their new light tank for tests against horse cavalry under desert conditions. In an extended hell for leather race amongst a variety of obstacles, their tank wins against Col. Armstrong's 31st Cavalry.During this period the Colonel's daughter Julie masquerades as a Southern Belle with no connection with the army to date Dike who vows to have nothing to do with Army Girls; the daughters of officers or soldiers. Enjoying each other's company Dike discovers that Julie is actually the Colonel's daughter but has fallen in love with her.Due to the tank winning the competition, Army Headquarters orders that Captain Dike Conger take over the command of the 31st Cavalry from the kindly old Colonel Armstrong. Though Julie and the officers and troopers of the Regiment despise Dike for doing this, the gentlemanly Colonel Armstrong suggests a scheme to win his Regiment over; the Colonel and Dike swap mounts. However, in a wild ride inside the tank both the Colonel and ""Three Star"" are killed when the tank goes out of control.Dike is court martialled but all discover an unsavoury truth."
Homicide	0	Bobby Gold is a homicide detective on the trail of Robert Randolph, a drug-dealer and cop-killer on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List. En route to nab an accomplice of Randolph, Gold and his partner Tim Sullivan happen upon a murder scene: the elderly Jewish owner of a candy store in a ghetto has been gunned down, reportedly for a fortune hidden in her basement. The deceased woman's son, a doctor, uses his clout to have Gold assigned to the case in the belief that Gold, himself Jewish, might be empathetic to his plight. Gold, however, seems to disregard his ethnicity and is irritated about being pulled off a much higher-profile case. Ultimately, though, this is offset by interactions with members of the Jewish community that play on Gold's feelings of inadequacy and inability to fit in.A nighttime survey of the crime scene uncovers an important piece of the woman's past, and Gold's reluctance turns to curiosity, leading to the discovery of a Zionist organization operating in the city. The apparent power and sense of pride these people have is appealing to Gold, and he attempts to become a part of their group. Gold is thrust into a series of circumstances that test not only his loyalty to the badge, but also his newfound Jewish consciousness.
Pony Soldier	0	In 1876, the North-West Mounted Police send Constable Duncan MacDonald (Tyrone Power) and a blackmailed Blackfoot scout (Thomas Gomez) to get the Cree to sign Treaty 6 with The Crown. Initially hostile, the Cree are influenced by a Fata Morgana type mirage that they mistake for the power of Queen Victoria.In addition to negotiating with the Cree, MacDonald of the Mounted rescues white hostages (Robert Horton and Penny Edwards) arrests a murderer, and adopts a Cree son (Anthony Earl Numkena).
711 Ocean Drive	2	"Knowing how much telephone repairman Mal Granger (Edmond O'Brien) likes to bet on the horses, small-time bookmaker Chippie Evans (Sammy White) proposes a scheme in which Granger's technical expertise would provide gangster Vince Walters (Barry Kelley) with race results in advance.Granger accepts and also takes an interest in Walters' attractive assistant, Trudy (Dorothy Patrick), but she is arrested. Granger's new method of getting track information to the bookies makes him invaluable. He threatens to cut Walters off unless he is made a 20% partner. Walters gives in. When Walters tries to collect from a bookie who owes him, the bookie kills first Walters, then himself. Granger takes control of the wire service, making him a target for Lieutenant Wright (Howard St. John) of the Los Angeles Police.East Coast mobster Larry Mason (Don Porter) is sent by boss Carl Stephans (Otto Kruger) to persuade Granger to join the Syndicate. He travels west with his wife Gail (Joanne Dru). Granger decides to accept a 50/50 split with his new partners. Some of the independent bookies do not like the new arrangement (and the extra 20% ""protection"" fee) and refuse to go along. They are roughed up by Syndicate goons.Trudy returns to work for Granger; she finds out he is being shortchanged. When he complains, Granger is told that the shortfall is due to ""necessary expenses."" He vows to get his money.Granger and Gail are strongly attracted to each other. Mason beats Gail, after which Granger hires a hitman named Gizzi (Robert Osterloh) to kill Mason with a rifle. Gizzi decides to blackmail Granger, who agrees to pay $25,000 at a rendezvous at the Malibu Pier, but there Gizzi announces he intends to become Granger's silent partner. Granger crushes him to death against the pier's railing with his car.Using his telephone know-how, Granger places a call to Wright that makes it appear he is in Palm Springs and has an alibi. Wright tapes the call and hears a streetcar whistle; there are no streetcars in Palm Springs. The police eventually match the paint from Granger's damaged car to Gizzi's murder.Granger decides to retire and escape to Guatemala, but first, he sets out to collect what is owed to him. With the help of Gail and Chippie, he taps into a phone line to a mob betting parlor in Las Vegas and pulls off a pass-post swindle. Intercepting and taping race results to be replayed after a two-minute delay, he gives Gail and Chippie time to place substantial bets. Chippie, however, is recognized by a man who bears a grudge against Granger. He tells Stevens, who has Chippie brought to him and learns where Granger can be found. Stevens passes the information along to Wright, content to let the police rid him of a troublesome colleague.With the police closing in, Granger and Gail flee to Boulder Dam, trying to cross state lines to get out of Wright's jurisdiction, but encounter a roadblock there. They join a tour group and descend into the dam. Gail collapses from fatigue while running, then Granger is killed before he can find his way to the Arizona side."
The Interpreter	1	Silvia Broome (Nicole Kidman) is an interpreter working at the United Nations in New York City. She was born in the USA and spent most of her life in Africa (the Republic of Matobo, a fictional African country) and Europe, studied music in South Africa (Johannesburg), linguistics at the Sorbonne (Paris), and also in various countries in Europe. Her mother is British and her father a white African. Having been born in the USA, she holds American citizenship (as per the law of jure solis). The U.N. is considering indicting Edmond Zuwanie (Earl Cameron), Matobo's president, to stand trial in the International Criminal Court. Initially a liberator, over the past 20 years he has become as corrupt and tyrannical as the government he overthrew, and is now responsible for ethnic cleansing and other atrocities within Matobo. Zuwanie is soon to visit the U.N. and put forward his own case to the General Assembly, in an attempt to avoid the indictment.A security scare forces the evacuation of the U.N. building, and, as Silvia returns at night to reclaim some personal belongings, she overhears two men discussing an assassination plot in Ku (an African language she understands). Silvia runs from the building when those discussing the plot become aware of her presence. The next day, Silvia recognizes words in a meeting, where she is interpreting, from phrases she overheard the night before, and reports the incident to U.N. security; the plot's target appears to be Zuwanie himself. They, in turn, call in the U.S. Secret Service, who assign Tobin Keller (Sean Penn) and Dot Woods (Catherine Keener) to investigate, as well as protect Zuwanie when he arrives. Keller, whose estranged wife was accidentally killed just days earlier, learns that Silvia has, in the past, been involved in a Matoban guerrilla group, that her parents and sister were killed by land mines laid by Zuwanie's men, and that she has dated one of Zuwanie's political opponents. Although Keller is suspicious of Silvia's story, the two grow close, in part because of their shared grief, and Keller ends up protecting her from attacks on her person. Silvia later finds that her brother Simon and her lover Xola were killed (as shown in the opening scene).The purported assassin is discovered (and shot to death) while Zuwanie is in the middle of his address to the General Assembly, and security personnel rush Zuwanie to a safe room for his protection. Silvia, anticipating this, has been hiding in the safe room, and confronts Zuwanie and intends to kill him herself. Keller determines that the assassination plot is a false flag operation created by Zuwanie to gain credibility that his rivals are terrorists and to deter potential supporters of his removal. Keller rushes to the safe room and arrives just in time to prevent Silvia from murdering Zuwanie. Zuwanie is indicted, and Silvia is expelled from the U.S., returning home to Matobo soon afterwards.
Brahma	1	The film opens with a lady coming to India from Malaysia. She takes a taxi and wants to go to Brahma's place. The driver then starts telling her about Brahma's life. The movie goes into a flashback. In 1970, Veer Brahma(Nassar) kills two rich men.Then his wife gives birth to a son. The movie then comes back in 2014, ACP Shinde(Sayaji Shinde) is handed the case of Brahma. Pranitha comes and tells her story - Pranitha(Pranitha Subhash) is a girl from Malaysia. She lives with her parents in Malaysia. She saw Brahma(Upendra) helping a beggar. After some events, she falls in love with Brahma. Then Lucky man, (Rangayana Raghu) a millionaire is also fooled by Brahma. In Malaysia, Bramha killed an international don named Rahul Dev(Rahul Dev). Now we see that Brahma is a Don. Brahma goes to loot his house. There Brahma is living with a new name, Upendra. He works in his father's house. Then we see some comedies of Sadhu(Sadhu Kokila), who is the leader of the servants in the house. Then Pranitha and Lucky man come into that house. One day Brahma is caught by ACP Shinde in that house. Then Brahma's grandfather reveals their past. In 1600 BC A warrior named Brahma (Upendra) is very kind to poor. He gives all his wealth to the poor. But in 1950, their family becomes very poor. Then Veer Brahma says that he will take all the wealth his grandfather gave to others. Then Bramha is taken to court and he is sentenced to 2 years in jail. There, his father apologizes to him. After two years, Bramha is now the chief minister of Karnataka. The Lady came to kill Brahma but she did not succeed in killing him. She is the wife of Rahul Dev. The movie ends with Upendra saying, Jo janta ko chodkar dourta hai woh leader nehi ho ta, Jo janta ko sath lekar dourta hai wahi ho ta hai leader. In English, this means, Which man runs without the public he is not a leader, but he who runs with the public he is the leader.
Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi	0	The premise of the film is that a multimillionaire, who has no heir, decides to leave his wealth to the person who has the longest beard. What follows is complete mayhem as Kishore Kumar and K. N. Singh plot to outwit one another.
Njan Steve Lopez	1	Steve (Farhaan Faasil) is a college kid whose major concern in life is how to tell his childhood friend Anjali (Ahaana Krishna) that he loves her. He has an iPhone, is on Whatsapp all the time, goes out drinking with his friends and generally lives a carefree life made all the more secure by the fact that Steve's father George is a deputy superintendent of police in Thiruvananthapuram. This idyll is smashed when one day, Steve witnesses a stranger being attacked by men with scythes. Steve isn't able to stop them, but when the attackers leave their victim for dead, Steve takes the injured man to the hospital. It's here that he realizes there is more than what meets the eye. The man he helped is from a criminal gang and it's evident that George is very unhappy that his son has got mixed up in all this. Steve's misgivings intensify when he's called to the police station to identify the attackers in a lineup and none of the men he'd seen are in that lineup. On his way back from the police station, Steve spots one of the scythe-wielding men in a car and decides to follow him. The man whom Steve is following, Hari (Sujit Shankar), seems to be unaware of the college kid tailing him, but of course, that's not really the case. Two of Hari's men knock Steve out. When he comes to, Steve finds himself bound and gagged in a room that overlooks Hari's home. Things become murkier when Hari says he's going to let Steve go and Steve realizes that Hari knows his father. All Steve wants to do is the right and humane thing by the people he encounters, but his acts of kindness just serve to muddle up the situation he's in terribly. Steve realises George and the police force are somehow involved with the gangs and are playing sides, possibly to maintain a peaceful status quo. However, no matter how many times Steve asks, George won't explain to his son precisely how the police are handling the situations. Inevitably, Steve realises that the bad guys have human sides and the police have terrible secrets, but no one has answers to the questions that Steve has. The more he investigates this case in which he has unwittingly become a critical pawn, the more dangerous things turn for him. Aside from Steve, no one seems blameless and yet, he is the one who seems to be suffering the most. Although some of the sequences, like the one in which Steve follows Hari home, can feel a little tedious, the film's tension is sustained by the mystery of how the police are connected to the gangs and whether Steve will be able to find answers to the questions his father refuses to even acknowledge.
Shadows and Fog	1	"Kleinman (Allen) is awakened from a deep sleep by a vigilante mob. They claim to be looking for a serial killer who strangles his victims and to need his help. Before he leaves, his landlady, who wants to marry him, gives him a small paper bag with pepper in it.Irmy (Farrow) and her boyfriend Paul (Malkovich), performers at a circus, are having a dispute about getting married and having a baby. Paul leaves and goes to another tent where Marie, a tightrope artist (Madonna), waits for him. They begin to have sex, but Irmy catches them and runs away to the city. There, she meets a prostitute (Lily Tomlin) who brings her to a house of ill-repute, where she is comforted by other prostitutes (Jodie Foster and Kathy Bates). Then, a student named Jack (John Cusack) comes into the whorehouse and is immediately bewitched by Irmy; he insists on having sex with her, paying $700.On the street, Kleinman walks aimlessly around the city. He stops at a coroner's house, where the doctor (Donald Pleasence) explains that his role in the hunt is purely scientific. They each have a glass of sherry. After Kleinman leaves, the doctor is murdered by the Strangler.Kleinman, seeing a local family being evicted as 'undesirables', goes to the police station to try to stop the eviction. Whilst there, a police officer arrives with news of the coroner's death, saying that there is a clue – a glass with fingerprints on it. Kleinman panics, realizing that his fingerprints are on the glass. Irmy is there as well, because she had been taken to the police station when the police raided the whorehouse. Insisting she is a whore and needs a license, they fine her fifty dollars and allow her to leave. Irmy protests her innocence and, in the confusion, Kleinman is able to steal the glass with his fingerprints on it. Kleinman leaves and, startled by Irmy, engages her in conversation, during which they walk into the night together. A vigilante shows Kleinman an alley where they think the killer might be. Irmy and Kleinman enter the alley warily, and find that the person is Kleinman's boss, Mr. Paulsen, peeping into a window at a woman. Mr. Paulsen angrily accuses him of incompetence. Ashamed, Kleinman and Irmy move on into the night.Paul arrives in the city, looking for Irmy. He goes into a bar where Jack, the student who had sex with Irmy, is having a drink. The student reflects on the wonderful experience he had with ""a sword-swallower"". Paul is shocked, although Jack does not know why.Back on the street, Irmy tells Kleinman that she doesn't want the money and asks him to give the $650 she has left after paying the fine at the police station to charity in a church. He does, finding two men compiling a list of names. When he gives them the money, they gratefully erase his name from the list. Outside, on the steps of the church, they see a starving mother with a child, and the two run away from parent and child. After some thought, Irmy decides she wants to give half of the money to the woman and asks Kleinman to go back to the church to get it back. Reluctantly, he returns and asks for half the money; the two men reinstate his name to the list.Kleinman tries to get Irmy a place to stay by asking his fiancée, but she refuses to let them in. At a pier, they look out at the night and the feeling is very romantic, until the vigilante mob ambushes them. It turns out that everyone has a ""plan."" Then, Spiro the Clairvoyant, a man who smells people like a psychic bloodhound, starts to sniff Kleinman. He says that Kleinman ""has something in his pocket,"" and the sherry glass is revealed. Angry and believing he is the killer, the mob prepares to lynch him. Kleinman blows pepper in their faces and escapes. He tries to find a safe haven in the house of his first ex-fiancée, Alma (Julie Kavner), whom he left standing at the altar while he had a dalliance with her sister. He apologizes, but she throws him out, shouting ""Get out and die!""Meanwhile, Irmy and Paul meet, and at first Paul is ready to kill Irmy for sleeping with another man. They break off their fight when they find the starving woman whom Irmy and Kleinman had met earlier, murdered, and the baby lying on the ground. They decide to keep the child and return to the circus, which is preparing to leave the city.Ahead of the mob, Kleinman arrives at the whorehouse, where he meets and has an existential conversation with Jack. When he is unable to express his views, a whore (Foster) coaxes him into a back room where he fails to perform, blaming existential angst. The mob arrives, asking after Kleinman. He escapes via the roof, after which he meets and is taunted by his rival (Wallace Shawn) for promotion at work, and who also reveals Irmy has gone back to the circus. Kleinman follows her there.At the circus, Kleinman meets the magician Armstead (Kenneth Mars), whom he greatly admires. The Strangler arrives and is about to kill both of them when the magician mesmerizes him with a mirror trick and chains him up. While Kleinman and Armstead are congratulating each other, the Strangler somehow escapes. The angry mob arrives on the scene and, thwarted, gives up for the night. The movie ends with Kleinman accepting Armstead's invitation to become his assistant, and Irmy and Paul continuing their careers as circus performers while raising their newfound child. As Armstead and Kleinman prepare to leave, the magician sums it all up by saying, ""They need illusions like they need the air."" And with a gesture, the two disappear in a mirror and a puff of smoke."
Daughter of the Tong	1	"Ralph Dickson is an FBI agent assigned to investigate the killing of a colleague. He is chosen to investigate due to an uncanny likeness to the presumed killer. Dickson goes undercover and learns the identity of the gang leader, Carney, who is also known as ""the Illustrious One"" and the ""Daughter of the Tong."" Carney stays holed up at the Oriental Hotel while she has her henchmen doing her dirty work."
The Highwayman	0	The fairly straightforward love/betrayal/sacrifice theme of the Noyes poem is expanded to fill out the demands of an 82-minute-long film. The Highwayman himself is an aristocrat who leads a party of associates to hold up the well-to-do and distribute their takings to the needy. This campaign is broadened when they discover that innocents are being kidnapped and sold into slavery in the colonies. The finale however follows the poem more closely as the Highwayman is betrayed to the authorities, soldiers march to set an ambush, his lover Bess sacrifices herself to give warning and the hero is shot down on the highway as he gallops to take revenge.
Thirumanam	0	Brothers Chidambaram and Nataraj live in a village. They hail from a family of musicians. There is a curse upon the family that they should not sing for money; if they did so, they would die. The brothers believe in that and therefore, they do not sing for money. In the face of poverty Nataraj goes to Madras in search of a job. He stays in the bungalow of Damodharam, a friend of Chidambaram. Damodharam's daughter Vani falls in love with Nataraj. Damodharam, who learns about the financial difficulty faced by his friend through Nataraj, sends money to Chidambaram but Chidambaram returns the money as his policy is not to receive money from others without doing any work. Vani is angered by the act of Chidambaram and she tells Nataraj that people with so much self-respect should not have come to their house. Nataraj leaves the house. He saves a clerk from robbers. The clerk gives accommodation to Nataraj. Vani feels sorry for Nataraj and somehow finds his new place of stay. Damodharam decides to have their marriage ceremony. Vani comes to know that Nataraj can sing. She arranges for him to sing in a radio broadcast. Nataraj says about the curse but Vani brushes away that saying it is superstitious. Nataraj agrees with her and sings on the radio. He receives payment for his performance and sends money to his elder brother. In the meantime, Nataraj gives accommodation to another girl named Mullai in the house. Vani becomes suspicious and stops the marriage arrangements. When he comes to know that Nataraj sang for money, Chidambaram dies of shock. Upon learning of Chidambaram's death, Nataraj returns to the village. He becomes mentally unbalanced. Doctors say that he cannot be cured by medicine. Mullai decides that he can be cured only by bringing Vani. The rest of the story deals with what happens afterwards.[2]
After Hours	1	"After a long and boring day at work, Paul Hackett, a computer word processor, meets Marcy Franklin in a local cafe in New York City. They discuss their common interest in Henry Miller. Marcy leaves Paul her number and informs him that she lives with a sculptor named Kiki Bridges, who makes and sells plaster of Paris paperweights resembling cream cheese bagels. Later in the night, under the pretense of buying a paperweight, Paul visits Marcy, taking a cab to her apartment. On his way to visit Marcy, his $20 bill is blown out the window of the cab, leaving him with only some spare pocket change. The cab driver is furious that he cannot pay. This is the first in a long series of misadventures for Paul that turn hostile through no fault of his own. At the apartment, Paul meets the sculptor Kiki and Marcy, and comes across a collection of photographs and medications which imply that Marcy is severely disfigured from burns on her legs and torso. As a result of this implication, and as a result of a strained conversation with Marcy, Paul abruptly slips out of the apartment.Paul then attempts to go home by subway, but the fare has increased at the stroke of midnight, and he finds that his pocket change is no longer sufficient to purchase a token. He goes to a bar where Julie, a waitress, becomes enamored with him. At the bar, Paul learns that there have been a string of burglaries in the neighborhood. The bar's owner, Tom Schorr, offers to give Paul money to cover the subway fare, but he cannot open the cash register. They exchange keys so that Paul can go to Tom's place to fetch the cash register keys. Afterward, Paul spots two actual burglars, Neil (Cheech Marin) and Pepe (Tommy Chong), with one of Kiki's sculptures. After he attempts to confront them, they flee, dropping the sculpture in the process. When Paul returns the sculpture to Kiki and Marcy's apartment, he finds Marcy has committed suicide. Kiki and a stout man named Horst have already left to go to Club Berlin, a nightclub.Paul attempts to return to Tom's bar, but it is locked with a sign indicating that Tom will be back in half an hour. Paul meets Julie, the waitress, in the street, who invites him up to her apartment to wait for Tom to reopen the bar. Paul goes back to Tom's bar, finding Tom grieving over Marcy, who was his girlfriend. Paul returns to Julie's apartment where she begins to sketch his portrait while they talk. Ultimately, Paul rejects Julie's advances and leaves. He goes to Club Berlin to find Kiki and Horst, where a group of punks attempt to shave his head into a mohawk. Paul meets Gail who mistakes him for the burglar, and she and a mob of local residents relentlessly pursue him. Paul then witnesses a murder.He meets a man who he asks for help, and the man assumes that he’s looking for a gay hookup. Paul finds Tom again, but the mob (with the assistance of Julie, Gail, and Gail's Mister Softee truck) chases Paul. Paul discovers that as payback for rejecting her, Julie used his image in a wanted poster which names him as the burglar. He ultimately seeks refuge back at the Club Berlin. Paul uses his last quarter to play ""Is That All There Is?"" by Peggy Lee and asks a woman named June to dance. Paul explains he's being pursued and June, also a sculptress, offers to help him. She protects him by pouring plaster on him in order to disguise him as a sculpture. However, she won't let him out of the plaster, which eventually hardens, trapping Paul in a position that resembles the character depicted in Edvard Munch's painting The Scream. The burglar duo then breaks into the Club Berlin and steals him, placing him in the back of their van. He falls from the burglar's cargo right outside the gate to his office building as the sun is rising. Paul brushes himself off and goes to work, bringing the film full circle."
Zero to Sixty	0	Michael Nolan (McGavin) finds himself down on his luck following his divorce settlement, which has left him with nothing. During the repossession of his car he makes chase all the way to the auto repossession company. His persistence impresses the owner who hires him on the spot. Nolan is then teamed up with Larry, a 16-year-old experience repo agent. As Nolan settles into his new career he continually finds himself troubled by women, angry car owners and more.
War Machine	2	"In the summer of 2009, four-star General Glen McMahon (Brad Pitt), having won renown for his effective leadership in Iraq, is sent to Afghanistan to prepare an assessment so that the government can end the ongoing war.[4][5] He is given wide latitudes to write it, on the sole condition that he not request more troops. McMahon and his staff, particularly his right hand man Major General Greg Pulver (Anthony Michael Hall), are united in their belief that the war can be won, and decide to recommend that President Obama authorize a surge of 40,000 additional troops to secure Helmand province in order to stabilize the country. However, the Secretary of State (Sian Thomas) informs McMahon that his report will not be reviewed until after the upcoming presidential election.Captain Badi Basim (Aymen Hamdouchi), a member of the Afghan National Army, joins McMahon's staff as a ""representative"" of the Afghan people. He arrives, however, in civilian clothes as he would rather not wear his uniform, which he has in a bag, outside the compound near his home as he walked. Meanwhile, McMahon is informed that, due to alleged irregularities in the counting of votes, a runoff election will have to be held, delaying the review of the assessment further. Fed up, McMahon secretly leaks the assessment to the Washington Post and organizes an interview with 60 Minutes, during which he reveals that, in the last seventy days, he has only been granted one meeting with the President. In response, the government announces that they will send 30,000 troops to Afghanistan, and that all U.S. and coalition forces in the country will leave in 18 months. To gather the remaining 10,000 troops needed for his strategy to work, McMahon and his men head to Paris to negotiate with the other coalition nations.In Paris, McMahon learns that the President is passing through, and wishes to meet with him. The ambassador to Afghanistan (Alan Ruck) warns McMahon that he needs to understand his position: if he continues to anger the President, he will be fired for insubordination. The President, however, merely shakes his hand as he climbs aboard Air Force One due to time constraints, and McMahon and his staff attend a dinner in McMahon's honor, accompanied by Rolling Stone writer Sean Cullen (Scoot McNairy), who intends to write a feature story about his performance for an upcoming issue. The next day, during their anniversary dinner, McMahon's wife Jeanie confronts him about how much time he's spending fighting abroad instead of being with his family back home.While en route to Berlin with McMahon's staff to continue negotiations, Cullen observes their behavior and concludes that they are arrogant and seem to care little about the growing public perception that the war is costly and wasteful. At a conference to discuss his strategy, McMahon is confronted by a German official (Tilda Swinton) who is skeptical of his approach and suggests that McMahon's plans would only lead to more losses. Nevertheless, both the Germans and the French agree to furnish the troops needed for his planned offensive, codenamed ""Operation Moshtarak"", to begin, with Afghan President Hamid Karzai's (Ben Kingsley) approval.The operation launches, but soon runs into trouble when several civilians are accidentally killed against McMahon's instructions. When he holds a public meeting to explain the incident, the crowd grows hostile and demands that he and his troops leave. Worse, McMahon learns that Cullen's article has been published, and paints a negative picture of him and his staff as openly speaking against the President and mishandling the war effort. Knowing that he will be fired for his actions, McMahon returns to Washington and later takes a job as a civilian consultant.In the aftermath, Cullen ponders the consequences of his article, noting that he wished McMahon's fall would finally convince the government to stop invading foreign countries and end the war in Afghanistan. Instead, however, the government simply assigns a new general to replace McMahon: General Bob White (Russell Crowe)."
Karuvelam Pookkal	1	It is a graphic picture of the abject misery of the rural poor. Its hard hitting message screams at you from the screen, loud and clear. Hitherto, there seemed to be only a couple of angles to Child labour in India, viz., children losing out on their carefree childhood and basic formal education. But there are so many other unthought of issues too, says scriptwriter and director Poomani, through the film Karuvelam Pookkal, jointly produced by NFDC and Doordarshan.Karisalkulam, a small village, is inhabited mainly by Farmers. When the arid land offers them nothing but penury, enter the match factory owners from nearby villages. They lure the credulous, illiterate villagers into sending their daughters to work at the factories from dawn to much after dusk. The initial euphoria of a steady income givesway to despair, as is clearly brought out through the story of Nallamuthu (Nasser), his wife Vadivu (Radhika) and their three children. Mariyappan (Charle) is the Match factory agent in charge of finding child labourers for the factory. While the children slog in the factories the men of the household become lazy appendages who spend their time getting drunk. Nasser, as the cynical father, who does not wish to get his daughter married because he does not want to forgo the income, has rendered a splendid performance in Karuvelam Pookal. Mention must be made of the scenes in which he cries aloud at his tragedies and when his impotent anger is turned towards the agents of the match factories. Radhika's is another sterling portrayal. In the role of a responsible mother caught between her husband's apathy and avarice and her children's untold suffering, she indeed lives the character. Sonia is the eldest daughter, Dhanalakshmi. Caught in the quagmire of drudgery and in the strangulating web of poverty, she seeks a way out, but sadly the respite is too short lived. A convincing essay by the young Actress. The visuals of the opening sequences transport you to the days of Bharatiraja's movie 16 Vayadhinilae. The beautifully captured rustic ambience is another creditable show by Thangar Bachan who has wielded the camera. The dialect, the innocent humour, the openness and the gullibility – Poomani presents them all with absolute vividness. The factories need only young girls and the boys therefore escape the hardship. After stressing on this point throughout, it is strange to see the boy accompany his sister to work, in the end. The fragrance of Karuvelam Pookkal is bound to last in the minds of the discerning audience. A film that makes you think.[2]
In Old Santa Fe	0	"A cowboy named Kentucky Ken (Ken Maynard) and his sidekick, Cactus (George ""Gabby"" Hayes), meet a beautiful woman named Lila Miller (Evalyn Knapp) when her car accidentally goes off the road. Lila's father, Charlie Miller (H. B. Warner), owns the dude ranch where Ken and Cactus intend to enter their prize horse Tarzan in a gruelling canyon race. Two other men, Chandler and Tracy, have also arrived for the race. They are also plotting to blackmail Charlie, who has a secret criminal past, for half of his gold mine and ranch operation earnings. Chandler also hopes that his blackmail scheme will force Charlie into granting him permission to marry Lila, who is showing a definite interest in Ken. Charlie refuses to be bullied, however, and claims he was innocent of the crime.Before the race, Chandler and Tracy trick the gambling-prone Cactus into a wager in which Tarzan will be the prize if Ken loses the race. To assure their victory, Tracy sets up a trip-wire on the course, which injures Tarzan and allows Tracy to win the race. After he discovers the broken wire and suspects foul play, Ken refuses to give up his horse to Chandler. Shamed by his foolish behavior, Cactus vows to identify the saboteur, whose boot prints he discovers in the ground near the wire.Meanwhile, Tracy double-crosses Chandler by robbing the ranch stagecoach carrying a shipment of Charlie's gold. During the robbery, the driver is killed. Ken, who is trying to catch the bandits, is jailed for the crime after Tracy implicates him to the sheriff. With the help of Cactus and Tarzan, Ken escapes from jail and arrives at the ranch just as Chandler shoots Tracy. Again, Ken is suspected of the killing. After Cactus arrives with proof that Tracy's boots match the prints found on the racecourse, Ken tricks Chandler into a confession by claiming he possesses a damning note left by Tracy.The sheriff reveals to Chandler that Charlie came to him about the blackmail attempt and that, unknown to Chandler, whose real name is Monte Korber, Charlie had been pardoned of the earlier crime years before. With his reputation at last clear, Ken is free to court Lila, who has always loved him."
Snowball Express	2	"Johnny Baxter (Dean Jones) is at his corporate middle class job when a probate attorney (David White) tells him that his recently deceased uncle, Jacob Barnesworth, has left him sole ownership of the lucrative Grand Imperial Hotel in the fictional town of Silver Hill, Colorado. A letter written by Barnesworth claims that the hotel brings in more than $14,000 per month. Baxter, clearly chafing under the dehumanizing conditions at the office, views this as a golden opportunity.Baxter quits his job in a grand spectacle and moves his family to Colorado to take proprietorship of the hotel. The family finds it to be an immense but ramshackle building with no heat and a colorful old codger, Jesse McCord (Harry Morgan), living in the shed. Initially, Baxter is inclined to turn McCord out for what appeared to be breaking and entering until he is pressured by his family—mainly his children—to allow McCord to stay. McCord offers his services as a bartender, but Baxter assigns him the job of bellhop, which McCord takes with a characteristically easygoing nature.Some time later, Baxter and his wife are walking on the hills behind the hotel, trying to decide what to do about the hotel. With no real attractions nearby, they are unsure what, if anything, they could do with the property until a chance meeting with Wally, a local boy employed by the gas station, out for a ride on his snowmobile. He apologizes for making tracks in Baxter's snow and is about to leave when Baxter stops him to ask what he meant. Wally explains that the Grand Imperial sits on a huge amount of property, ""about as far as you can see,"" as he puts it. Baxter realizes that the hilly terrain is exactly the attraction the hotel needs; they can turn the hill adjacent to the hotel into a ski lodge.Baxter attempts to secure funding for his plans. Local banker Martin Ridgeway (Keenan Wynn) expresses great interest in Baxter's daring idea, but also offers to buy the lodge in order to convert it into a boys' school in honor of the deceased uncle. Baxter declines. Ridgeway, in turn, declines to give Baxter a loan, citing him as a bad collateral risk and specifically pointing out that Baxter has no experience in hotel or restaurant management, likely making his business venture a failure. All during this exchange, Ridgeway's secretary appears quite agitated, but does not speak up. Baxter leaves the bank without a loan, but determined to find one.Baxter searches for funding elsewhere and finds a friendly banker in the next town named Mr. Wainwright (George Kirkpatrick) who is interested in Baxter's venture. Wainwright agrees to meet with Baxter at a ski lodge — Baxter, not willing to make the same mistake as he did with Ridgeway by admitting he knows nothing about hotels or skiing, claims to be an avid skier. Wainwright, taking Baxter at his word, takes him to a black diamond run called ""Nightmare Alley."" Faking an injury, Baxter convinces Wainwright to start without him. However, after knocking down a ski rack, Baxter is shoved by an irate skier, sending him down the run anyway. After quite a few close calls, not to mention downing more than a few other skiers, Baxter ends up crashing into a tree. The sensational story is picked up by the local press, which gives the chaos and injuries caused by Baxter's run a fair amount of coverage.While he is recovering, Martin Ridgeway gives Baxter a check for $3,000, taking feigned pity on him. Baxter starts making a list of repairs for the lodge. Meanwhile, local bumpkin Wally Perkins (Michael McGreevey) works with Jesse to repair the hot water heater. The water heater explodes, tearing a hole in the kitchen wall. Ridgeway's check covers the repair, but leaves nothing for the ski lift Baxter had in mind. Jesse comes to the rescue by pulling an old donkey engine out of mothballs, tying a rope around it, and using it as a makeshift ski lift.The restored hotel opens to little fanfare, receiving few customers for several days. When Wally dynamites a tree stump from the ground, the explosion sets off an avalanche, blocking a passing train carrying several hundred skiers. The Baxters quickly shuttle the skiers to their resort.All goes well until Wally commences ski training classes. Having never taught skiing before, Wally loses his balance and skis down a steep mountain, dangling over a ledge while clinging to a pine tree. Using the donkey engine and a rope to lower John Baxter down the mountain to rescue Wally, Jesse accidentally jostles a loose piece of lit firewood onto one of the ropes anchoring the engine in place. Baxter rescues Wally, who suffers a broken arm. The burning rope tears, setting the donkey engine free. It slides down the mountain with Baxter in tow, still roped to the machine after having rescued Wally. The engine plows through the hotel. All of the guests check out, leaving the Baxters out of money once again.John Baxter sheepishly goes back to Ridgeway, asking for an extension on his loan, which Ridgeway flatly refuses. Baxter notices a sign for the Silver Hills Snowmobile Race, with $5,000 prize, a prize that has been won by Ridgeway for the last several runs of the race. Though Baxter has never used a snowmobile, he assumes Wally can drive his slapdash snowmobile. Unfortunately, Wally's broken arm from his skiing accident prevents his involvement. Baxter decides to drive the snowmobile himself, with Jesse as his partner. Baxter's wife, furious that he would risk his own safety and health and certain that the lodge has become an obsession that has eclipsed his duties to his family, threatens to leave.The day of the race, 75-year-old Jesse has second thoughts about partaking in the race aboard Wally's decrepit snowmobile (dubbed ""The Mighty Mongrel""). Baxter reveals that his wife has indeed left with the children, probably for Denver. After a rocky start, Baxter and McCord actually end up passing much of the pack, but a series of unfortunate turns and one unexpected shortcut ends up breaking one of the snowmobile's skis. Heading into town both in the lead and under full power due to a broken throttle, Baxter plows into a snowbank, breaking the other ski. Ridgeway makes the same mistake, and the two end up on the final stretch only seconds apart. Though they come close, Baxter and McCord narrowly miss the finish line. Ridgeway wins first place, and Baxter ends up riding the snowmobile for hours as it will not shut off or stop. As he returns to town well after dark, his snowmobile towed by a horse, he finds his wife waiting for him.The next day, Ridgeway brings the deed transfer papers to the lodge for Baxter to sign. An impassioned plea by Baxter for an extension is again denied, and when Baxter presses the issue, Ridgeway threatens to begin the foreclosure process, but offers to buy the resort from Baxter for practically nothing, again mentioning his Jacob Barnesworth School for Boys plan. Ridgeway's secretary Miss Wigginton (Mary Wickes) happens to be present during this exchange, and blows her stack in front of Ridgeway, telling everyone the truth: the property includes several hundred acres of pine timberland originally donated to the local Indian tribes by Barnesworth for as long as the tribe inhabited the land. As the tribe has moved away or died out, the land reverts to the estate. Ridgeway wants to buy the resort in order to log the highly valuable timber located on the property. Jesse adds that the land the town was built on was granted by Jacob Farnsworth on the condition that several buildings be erected, including two hospitals (one an animal hospital) and library. Baxter's son notes that he has not seen a library, and, in genuine confusion, asks why the land has not reverted to Baxter. Wigginton realizes that he is absolutely right, and that Silver Hill is in violation of the grant, meaning that the entire town is built on land now owned by Baxter — including Ridgeway's bank. Ridgeway, now finding himself on the back foot, finds himself being pressed by Baxter for an extension on the loan, which is quickly granted. Baxter pushes his advantage, and Ridgeway quickly agrees to loan Baxter the money necessary to not only repair but greatly expand the resort."
The Reckoning	2	In 1380 England, the priest Nicholas (Bettany) flees his village when found in flagrante delicto with a married woman. During flight he witnesses a group that has euthanized a member to give relief from his long recurring internal pain. He becomes known to the group and is captured. The group is a travelling acting troupe who think he is a robber and they explain the killing. Reluctantly, they allow him to join their troupe to replace the member killed. On their journey to the next town they are forced to travel to a new district after a collapsed bridge stops them taking their normal route and to mend the cart that carries their goods although they have no money. The troupe reach a strange town with castle under reconstruction and find a woman being sentenced to death for killing a boy upon the testimony of Benedictine Monk Simon Damian (Ewen Bremner). The troupe perform a biblical passion play, but, as told by the group's leader Martin (Willem Dafoe), so few attend they are unable to bury the dead troupe member and fix their cart.Martin makes the decision to perform a new play based on the events surrounding the child murder. He and Nicholas visit the condemned mute woman in the dungeons coming away with the strong belief she is innocent. The woman is portrayed a seductress which infuriates the crowd and the parents of the dead boy since he was virtuous and too physically strong to be overtaken by the woman. Norman Lord de Guise (Vincent Cassel) watches from the castle and sends the sheriff to clear the square by force. Crowds people on leaving the square tell the troupe about more details of the death or disappearance of boys.The troupe is told to leave town by first light, but Nicholas's convictions urge him to first hand determine what happened to the boy. So in the night the body is uncovered, and it is found subjected to sodomy before death and exposed to the plague. the King's Justice and his squire come upon Nicholas and they share some of their suspicions. Nicholas is then forced to leave town but before long returns under disguise as a monk. The troupe remains on their journey to Durham but Martin relinquishes his role as troupe leader and returns.Nicholas is aware of the transitions in death from limber to rigor and return. He visits the monk who testified at trial to say all that he is aware. The monk reveals he had nothing to do with the death, intimating he is protecting someone else. Nicholas leaves and is found by Martin. The two of them then learn from the King's Justice that the monk has been found dead, and with it, any chance evidence concerning de Guise proclivity and also is planning a revolt to seize the English throne.The sheriff reveals that it seems that wherever de Guise goes, boys disappear. Nicholas then obtains more evidence to prove that the woman is not the real killer (the body was found with rigor mortis, which meant the killing was more recent). The execution is set but before it can be carried out the troupe has returned and seized the scaffold as stage for their new play based on the most recent information. The crowd is incensed toward de Guise and the guards are called out again to clear the town square forcing the actors to the church and unknown to them, de Guise is there performing an act of penitence.Nicholas presents the evidence to de Guise, who admits everything with an air of invulnerability knowing that he is untouchable under the feudal system. When de Guise asks Nicholas about his sins, Nicholas confesses he murdered the husband of the woman he was caught with after he attacked Nicholas. When leaving, de Guise learns from Nicholas he has been exposed to the plague. De Guise then stabs Nicholas, who stumbles outside the church. De Guise walks back to his castle through the throng of townsfolk, unaware of the revelations of the new play. He reaches the gate to find that the portcullis is down and he is surrounded by the crowd, who lynch him and set fire to the castle.The new authorities in the town hope the reason for the deaths will be forgotten. The King's Justice promises the work of Nicholas will be told to the king, but Sarah replies the sheriff that Nicholas didn't act for the king's sake, but for the wrongly accused, and his own redemption. Martin announces that Nicholas will live on in their new play, which will be presented when they reach Durham. The troupe then departs while the castle is burned to the ground.
The Moon-Spinners	1	A young English woman named Nicky Ferris (Hayley Mills) takes a trip with her folk musicologist aunt, Frances (Joan Greenwood), to a small coastal inn on the Greek island of Crete.Owner Sophia (Irene Papas) refuses to allow them to stay at her inn, The Moon-Spinners, but Aunt Frances and Sophia's teenage son Alexis (Michael Davis) persuade her into changing her mind. Whilst Nicky and Aunt Frances are in their room, Sophia's brother Stratos (Eli Wallach) demands to know why they chose to stay at his sister's inn and says they should leave, but Aunt Frances insists on staying. Stratos reluctantly agrees to allow them to stay for one night.During a wedding party at the inn later that evening, Nicky meets a stranger named Mark (Peter McEnery), who invites her and Aunt Frances to have a meal with him. They accept. Their dinner meeting attracts Stratos's suspicious stare, which Nicky notices and points out to Mark. Mark hints there's more to Stratos than appears. At end of the evening, Mark suggests that he and Nicky could meet in the morning to go for a swim in the Bay of Dolphins. Nicky agrees. She comes downstairs the next morning, and quickly learns that Mark has checked out of the inn. She feels, however, that something is afoot, and goes walking.During her walk, Nicky wanders into the basement of a church, where Mark is hiding. She learns he has been shot, and he asks her to go back to the inn and get supplies for him, but refuses to offer details as to how he got injured. Nicky goes back to the inn and successfully retrieves her aunt’s first aid kit, as well as a bottle of brandy, and a travel rug. She returns to church and treats Mark’s wound. He still will not tell her how he got injured, but instead urges her to go to the nearby town of Agios Nikolaos with her aunt for safety. Meanwhile, Aunt Frances notices that her items are missing, and Stratos promises to find them for her.On her way back to the inn, Nicky runs into Stratos, who is looking for her and demands to know why she is carrying a first aid kit. Nicky tries to lie to cover up for Mark, but Stratos becomes suspicious, and goes to search the church. He doesn’t find anything, however, sees Nicky as a threat, and ties her up in the top of a windmill. Alexis and Mark find her there, and rescue her. In the meantime, Stratos sends men out after Mark to kill him, so he and Nicky go on the run, eventually finding shelter in an abandoned temple. Here, Mark tells Nicky that he was accused of stealing jewels from a rich woman called the Countess of Fleet, but that he was actually attacked and had the jewels stolen from him. He believes the attacker to be Stratos, and he also believes Stratos is hiding the jewels in the Bay of Dolphins.Mark and Nicky fall asleep, but are awoken some time later by a British gentleman who introduces himself as Anthony Gamble, and who takes them to his summer villa that happens to be in Agios Nikolaos, and has his wife, Cynthia, take care of them. It is revealed that he is working with Stratos. Through conversation with the couple, Nicky learns about a rich woman named Madame Habib, who is in Greece on her yacht. She tells this to Mark, who immediately feels strongly that Stratos intends to sell the jewels to her, but he is very weak because Cynthia has drugged him. He passes out. The couple advise that Mark go to Athens to receive medical care, and order a hearse to transport him in. On the way to the hospital, Mark wakes up and tells Nicky he has to go and stop Stratos before it is too late. When Nicky says it is too dangerous and tries to stop him, he kisses her and leaves. Nicky (unbeknownst to Mark) follows him, and makes it to the yacht of Madame Habib before anyone else. She tells Madame Habib that Stratos is a thief and that the jewels she intends to buy from him were stolen from the Countess of Fleet, who happens to be an old friend of Madame Habib’s. Stratos shows up to sell the jewels, but so do Mark, Frances, and Alexis. A fight ensues. In the end, Madame Habib has police take Stratos off the yacht, and returns the jewels to Mark. The final scene shows Alexis leaving by boat, waving at Mark and Nicky, and implying that they will soon get married.
Iti Srikanto	0	The film is a love triangle between a young man Srikanta (Adil Hussain) and two women in his life, Rajalakshmi (Reema Sen) a rich courtesan and Kamalata (Soha Ali Khan), a vaishnavite living in an ashram.[3]
Sultan	1	Sivan (Vinu Mohan) is a medical college student better known in the campus as 'Sultan' as he was considered by all as the 'Sultan of Romance'. He and his four childhood close friends Naufal(Anoop Chandran),Sunny (Praveenkrishna),Vivek (Sreejithravi) forms a gang in the campus and they become quite popular among the students.Sivan is in love with Nishitha (Varada), who is also a student in the same college. Their love has been accepted by their families and they have been engaged to marry after the completion of their studies. Things take a turn when Sivan's pet-name Sultan puts him in some totally unexpected situations.
Hot Millions	1	"Con artist Marcus Pendleton has just been released from prison for embezzlement. He has emerged into a world increasingly reliant on computers. He convinces computer programmer Caesar Smith to follow his lifelong dream of hunting moths in the Amazon Rainforest. Assuming Caesar's identity, he gains employment at the London offices of an American conglomerate called Tacanco. While Pendleton fools Executive Vice President Carlton Klemperer, another Tacanco executive, Vice President Willard Gnatpole, is suspicious. As Caesar Smith, Pendleton uses the company's computer systems to send claim cheques to himself under various aliases and addresses all over Europe. For his Paris company the cheques go to 'Claude Debussy'; his cheques to Italy go to 'Gioachino Rossini', both famous composers. He meets and marries Patty, an inept secretary and frustrated flautist. As Caesar, he now has the problem of hiding his hot money. Beating discovery of his fraud by Gnatpole - he and Patty flee to Brazil, and are soon followed by Klemprer and Gnatpool. In a twist it seems that a now heavily pregnant Patty found all of this foreign money and invested it in the same companies that Pendleton created - thus actually making a profit for Tacanco. Patty also explains her desire to have the baby back in England and so contacted Klemprer and Gnatpool to 'visit'. She then persuades Klemprer to rehire Pendleton as Treasurer for Tacanco seeing that it was his genius that created the fraud he be the best one to spot them and that he would not steal from his own company. Pendleton though unhappy with his new legal status agrees. The film ends with Pendleton conducting an orchestra (one of his dreams) and Gnatpole and Klemper as the audience. Patty.. still in advance pregnancy - is the solo flauntist. As she finishes the piece she realizes that the baby is on the way, to which a concerned Pendleton whispers, ""What... now?"""
Pichaikkaran	2	Arul Selvakumar (Vijay Antony) is a rich businessman based out of Palladam, Tirupur district. His mother Bhuvaneshwari (Dheepa Ramanujam) is the person behind the growth of their textile business following her husband’s early death. Avinashi (Muthuraman) is her brother-in-law who is money minded and has plans to grab Arul’s properties. Arul returns from abroad after graduation and takes charge of all the business responsibilities from his mother. In the meantime, Bhuvaneshwari meets with an accident in the factory and falls into a coma with all the efforts taken by Arul goes in vain to cure her. Finally, Arul meets a Swamiji who suggests that Arul should lead a life of a beggar for 48 days and this would help his mother to recover. He also says that Arul should never reveal this to anyone.Arul accepts and goes to Chennai to beg without informing any one and only his friend Rajesh (Bagavathi Perumal) knows the truth as he has been asked to look after the business until he comes back. Arul sits along with a few other beggars in front of a temple and starts begging. He meets Magizhini (Satna Titus) and develops affection seeing her good nature. Actually Arul and his mother had initially decided to approach Magizhini for an alliance through a matrimonial site. Magizhini also encounters Arul in a few situations and likes his character not knowing that he is a beggar. Avinashi tries to take over Arul’s businesses as both Arul and his mother are unavailable now. Magizhini finds out that Arul is a beggar and gets angry thinking Arul has cheated her but still could not avoid him as she is impressed more by his good nature. One day Magizhini’s mother sees Arul’s photo in her laptop and says that he is a rich businessman and also she had sent her photos to him through matrimony website a few months back. Magizhini is shocked hearing this and goes to meet Arul where she overhears the conversation between Arul and Rajesh which makes her realise Arul’s life as a beggar is to save his mother and she is impressed a lot seeing his good nature. Magizhini decides not to disturb Arul until his life as a beggar is complete.Meanwhile, there is a group of doctors who manage a mental health centre but they use the patients admitted in the hospital for medical experiments and Arul gets to know this with the help of a beggar who stays there pretending as a mentally challenged girl. Knowing this, the doctors approach a gang asking them to murder Arul. Arul manages to escape from the gang. On the last day as a beggar, Arul is spotted by Avinashi and he tries to kill him but accidentally, Magizhini gets stabbed on her neck and is admitted to hospital. But Arul is unable to pay the hospital expenses as his last day as a beggar is not yet complete. His beggar friends come up with some money to help Arul. Avinashi is arrested by police.Arul gets back after 48 days along with Rajesh to visit his mother and comes to know that there is no improvement in her health. Arul holds his mother’s hands and begs to live for long. Suddenly he sees his mother’s hands moving and holding his hand. After six months, his mother is recovered and both Arul and Magizhini get married to each other. A beggar begs to Arul in front of a temple but Arul gets busy with a phone call not noticing the beggar. Arul’s mother gives money to the beggar and informs Arul that life of a beggar is so pathetic and we should never hurt them. She also says that people like us cannot lead a beggar’s lifestyle even a single day. Arul apologises for not noticing the beggar to his mother and the film ends there signalling that Arul’s mother never came to know about her son’s struggle as a beggar to bring her back to normal life. Magizhini feels very proud about her husband Arul.
Jakkanna	0	A man's (Sunil) attempts to repay a kindness earns him the wrath of a ruthless gangster (Kabir Duhan Singh) who just wants to be left alone to continue his illegal dealings.
Golibar	1	Pallavi (Rakshitha) is newspaper editor finds a mysterious, intriguing and typed love letter in a bottle in the sea shore. She is fascinated by it and shows it to her colleagues. They print it in their newspaper and get numerous responses. Pallavi due her personal curiosity tries reach Sivamani (Nagarjuna Akkineni) and he ignores Pallavi. Rajnikanth (Ali) helps Pallavi in getting close to Sivamani and later Sivamani past gets revealed. Sivamani is an honest cop in Visakhapatnam (Vizag). He falls in love with Vasanta (Asin Thottumkal), who aspires to become a singer. Dattu (Prakash Raj) is a mafia don, whom Sivamani troubles a lot.Incidentally, Vasanta is distantly related to Dattu and both of them belong to Kerala. In the course of events, Sivamani's mother (Sangeeta) gets paralyzed. Sivamani and Vasanta take her to Kerala to get the state's Ayurveda treatments. Dattu is also in Kerala and his mission is to get his revenge by taking Vasanta away from Sivamani. Vasanta becomes mute after Dattu punctures her voice box. The rest of the story is about how Sivamani gets Vasanta back with the help of newspaper editor Pallavi (Rakshitha).
Breakfast with Scot	0	Eric McNally (Tom Cavanagh) is a gay retired hockey player turned television sportscaster who lives with his partner Sam (Ben Shenkman), a sports lawyer. When Sam unexpectedly becomes the legal guardian of his brother's stepson, Scot (Noah Bernett), their lives are turned upside down as the demands of being a parent — as well as the boy's preference for clothing and hobbies which suggest that he may also be gay — begin to intrude on Eric's desire to remain closeted at work. Eric's unwillingness to accept the situation eventually fades as Scot teaches Eric about loving your true self.
Hooked Bear	1	"Fishing season has begun and park ranger J. Audubon Woodlore goes out on the lake to check on the anglers. Humphrey the Bear is trying to catch some fish, but cannot seem to hold onto one once he catches it. Woodlore sees the fish disappearing before his eyes, so he decides to stock the lake some more. As he heads to the fish hatchery, he sees Humphrey with a few fishing nets and rods, and asks him what he is doing. When the bear tells him that he is going to catch some fish, Woodlore takes the rods and nets and tells him to ""Go fish like a bear!"" At the hatchery, Woodlore selects an envelope of fish eggs from a collection of eggs from such trout species as dolly vardens and rainbows. He fills a tub with water and inserts the eggs into it. In a matter of seconds, several fishes pop up out of the water like plants out of soil.When the ranger gets to the lake to dump the fish, he finds Humphrey in there, trying to eat one of the small fishes, which is then consumed by a much larger fish. Humphrey manages to remove the small fish from the mouth of the large fish, and then uses it to lure five other large fishes that jump out of the water, but then Woodlore appears to measure the fish, while at the same time punishing Humphrey by hitting him on the head, causing him to sink into the depths of the lake. When Humphrey grabs some more fish and emerges from the lake, he discovers a fish larger than any of the others; this turns out to be a fish balloon with which a young boy is playing. Humphrey pops the balloon, and both the boy and Woodlore kick the bear in the knee.Humphrey then tries to think of another way to foil the anglers; noticing the boy from before walking along the lake with a toy boat, he removes the bottom from the boat, ties it onto his head like a hat, and then submerges himself into the lake so that the hat looks like a shark's dorsal fin to the anglers, causing them to flee in terror. Humphrey then takes all of the anglers' bags of fish, but upon seeing the ranger, he loads the fish into Woodlore's helicopter, giving him more of a full load than he was expecting. He then decides to stuff himself into the plane, which proves to be too small for him and the fish, and then all of the fish in the helicopter, along with Humphrey, are deposited into the lake.Woodlore then gets a telephone call from the chief of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, who tells him to quit stocking the lake, as fishing season had ended the previous day. The ranger then takes out his scissors and cuts the rods of various anglers, and then locates Humphrey and informs him that fishing season is over. He then paints a red X over the ""Fishing Season"" sign and flips it over to reveal the message ""Hunting Season Open."" At this, Humphrey gets hunted, with shots firing at him from all directions, and running about as the cartoon closes."
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement	1	"Five years after the previous events, Mia Thermopolis has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard, Joe. There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse, steps down as Queen. During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey, who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown. While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the month. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is actually Nicholas. Mia's best friend, Lilly Moscovitz, surprises her by visiting. Together, they pick through potential husbands. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, and days later, they are engaged. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement.For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle, but is inexperienced. Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake, and Joe rushes to aid Mia, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love Andrew. Frustrated, she argues, but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop.During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys harassing a little girl, and abruptly halts the parade to comfort the girl. Learning that the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade. Everyone is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political maneuver. Mia later decides to convert one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center. That night, Mia has her bachelorette party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana, one of Mia's good friends. In the meantime, Mabrey realizes Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard.That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out. Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia sneaks out. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance, and eventually fall asleep. They awaken to find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. By the time Mia returns to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them. They realize that they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia's mother, Helen comes with her new husband, Patrick and their newborn son, Trevor. Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper, Gretchen, informs him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal.Before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas is innocent. Queen Clarisse encourages Mia to follow her heart, something she has never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved. Mia reenters the church, and after pointing out how her grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives and questions if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marry someone she does not love). Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but just then, Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mia proposes the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Encouraged by Mia to have her own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married.About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they share a romantic kiss. The next day, Mia is crowned ""Her Majesty Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia"", with all in attendance in the royal palace.An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte. And Queen Mia officially opens the children's home."
Donga	1	Phani (Chiranjeevi) commits thefts just to help the poor. He loves Kodandaramayya’s daughter Manju Latha (Radha), but he seeks revenge against Kodandaramayya (Rao Gopala Rao) for killing his father. He also wants his sister Malathi (Rajyalakshmi) to get married to Rajesh (Raja), son of Anjaneyulu, but he needs Rs.50,000 for her dowry. At the same time, Vishwanatham (Sridhar), an income tax officer, wants his sister Rekha to marry Rajesh. With the help of the police, Phani succeeds in liquidating Kodandaramayya's gang and has his revenge. He also acquires enough money to arrange his sister’s marriage with Rajesh.
Esper Mami: Hoshizora no Dancing Doll[4]	0	"Mami Sakura used to be a normal junior high school student, but she happened to acquire supernatural powers. Using her powers and with the help of her best friend, Mr. Takahata, she solves mysterious occurrences. When she senses someone needs help, she uses the ""Teleportation Gun"" and transports herself there. She then saves the world in trouble with her psychic powers, such as telekinesis and telepathy."
Uneasy Terms	0	Slim Callaghan is a private eye whose client, Colonel Stenhurst, is murdered, leaving behind a trail of suspects. Viola, the eldest of the Colonel's three stepdaughters, is the prime suspect, but after wading through clues and romance, Callaghan corners the real culprit.[3]
Blind Horizon	1	The film begins in the outskirts of rural New Mexico where an unconscious Frank Kavanaugh (Kilmer) is discovered by two local ranch hands. Suffering from a gunshot wound to the head, he is rushed to a nearby hospital in a small town called Black Point. Due to the extent of his injuries, Kavanaugh is placed in an intensive care unit under the care of a trauma nurse named Liz (Amy Smart). After regaining consciousness, Kavanaugh is interviewed by Sheriff Kolb (Shepard), however, because of his head injuries, he is unable to explain what has transpired due to a case of temporary amnesia. Given his condition, Kavanaugh is ordered to stay in the hospital for closer observation.Much to their dismay, Sheriff Kolb and his deputies are unable to find any clues as to what might have happened to Kavanaugh. After a thorough search of the crime scene, Sheriff Kolb returns to the hospital to find that Kavanaugh, in a violent and confused state, is claiming to have knowledge of a possible assassination attempt on the president of the United States. Dr. Conway (Gil Bellows) persuades Kavanaugh to remain calm and later explains to Sheriff Kolb that his paranoia stems from a delusional side effect of the amnesia. Amongst the added confusion, Kavanaugh experiences a myriad of images that could be pure fantasy or actual pre-amnesiatic memories. The most vivid image, one in which a dark, shadowy figure is seen talking with a mysterious woman named Ms. K (Dunaway), hints at various details of a possible assassination attempt involving key government parties. However, because of Kavanaugh's deranged state, he is unable to differentiate between reality and fantasy.Sheriff Kolb believes that there is some credibility to Kavanaugh's story and continues to question him. To further complicate matters for Kavanaugh, his fiancée, Chloe (Campbell), arrives at the hospital and makes arrangements for his immediate release. It is then revealed through Chloe that she and Kavanaugh are actually from Chicago and that Kavanaugh works for the IRS. She produces documentation that verifies Kavanaugh's employment with the government, and further explains to Sheriff Kolb that she and Kavanaugh were in New Mexico on vacation. She also produces a seaside photo of Kavanaugh and herself walking on a beach as further proof that she is his fiancée. Kavanaugh still strongly believes in an imminent attempt on the President's life and later calls the US Secret Service and warns them of an assassination plot that will occur in Black Point within the next few days. Distraught over his situation, Chloe convinces Kavanaugh to leave the hospital with her, and she drives him back to the motel they had checked into a few days earlier. Incidentally, recent news updates reveal that the President and his campaign team have been touring the Southwest and will arrive in New Mexico within the next few days.As the President arrives and prepares to address the public, Kavanaugh attempts to follow what evidence he has to warn the authorities and avert the assassination. While he views the President from a nearby building, he discovers a set of sniper's equipment, including a rifle, which he instinctively assembles. Taking aim out of the window, he sights the President through the scope of the rifle, and realizes that he, in fact, is the assassin, and that his flashbacks are of all the preparation leading up to the date of the event. He notices another assassin taking aim at the President with his sniper rifle from the other side. Understanding that he has the power to change the course of events, Kavanaugh aims at the other assassin through his scope and shoots him, killing him and averting the assassination.
The Magic Christian	2	"Sir Guy Grand (Peter Sellers), an eccentric billionaire, together with his newly adopted heir (formerly a homeless derelict), Youngman Grand (Ringo Starr), start playing elaborate practical jokes on people. A big spender, Grand does not mind handing out large sums of money to various people, bribing them to fulfill his whims, or shocking them by bringing down what they hold dear. Their misadventures are designed as a display of father Grand to his adoptive charge that ""everyone has their price""—it just depends on the amount one is prepared to pay. They start from rather minor spoofs, like bribing a Shakespearean actor (Laurence Harvey) to strip during a stage performance of Hamlet, and persuading a traffic warden (Spike Milligan) to take back a parking ticket and eat it (delighted by the size of the bribe, he eats its plastic cover too) and proceed with increasingly elaborate stunts involving higher social strata and wider audiences. As their conversation reveals, Grand sees his plots as 'educational.'At Sotheby's art auction house, it is proudly claimed that an original Rembrandt portrait might fetch £10,000, yet to the astonishment of director Mr. Dugdale (John Cleese), Grand makes a final offer of £30,000 (£453,100 today) for it and having bought it, proceeds, in front of a deeply shocked Dugdale, to cut with his scissors the portrait's nose from the canvas. In a classy restaurant he makes a loud show of wild gluttony, Grand being the restaurant's most prominent customer. In the annual Boat Race sports event, he bribes the captain (Richard Attenborough) of the Oxford team (where Graham Chapman plays a member of the rowing team) and makes them purposely ram the Cambridge boat, to win a screamingly unjust victory. In a traditional pheasant hunt, he uses an anti-aircraft gun to down the bird.Guy and Youngman eventually buy tickets for the luxury liner The Magic Christian, along with the richest strata of society. Guests seen boarding the yacht include John Lennon and Yoko Ono, and Jacqueline Kennedy and Aristotle Onassis (all played by lookalikes). In the beginning everything appears normal and the ship apparently sets off. Soon, things start going wrong. A solitary drinker at the bar (Roman Polanski) is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer (Yul Brynner), a vampire (Christopher Lee) poses as a waiter, and a cinema film features the unsuccessful transplant of a black person's head onto a white person's body. Passengers start noticing, through the ship's closed-circuit television, that their captain (Wilfrid Hyde-White) is in a drunken stupor and gets carted off by a gorilla. In a crescendo of panic, the guests try to abandon ship. A group of them, shown the way by Youngman Grand, instead reach the machine-room. There, the Priestess of the Whip (Raquel Welch), assisted by two topless drummers, commands more than a hundred slave girls. They are naked except for loincloths. Rowing five to an oar, their wrists are manacled and fastened by chains to the ceiling. As passengers finally find an exit, and lords and ladies stumble out in the daylight, it is discovered that the supposed ship was in fact a structure built inside a warehouse, and the passengers had never left London. As they break out, a large painted sign reading 'SMASH CAPITALISM"" can be seen on the inside wall of the warehouse. During the whole misadventure, the Grands look perfectly composed and cool.Toward the end of the film, Guy fills up a huge vat with urine, blood and animal excrement and adds to it thousands of bank notes. Attracting a crowd of onlookers by announcing ""Free money!"", Grand successfully entices the city's workers to recover the cash. The sequence concludes with many members of the crowd submerging themselves, in order to retrieve money that had sunk beneath the surface, as the song ""Something in the Air"" by Thunderclap Newman, is heard by the movie's audience.The film ends with both Guy and Youngman, having returned to the park where the film opened, bribing the park warden to allow them to sleep there, stating that this was a more direct method of achieving their (mostly unstated) ends."
Chase a Crooked Shadow	0	In her family's Spanish villa, Kimberly Prescott (Baxter), a young South African heiress of a diamond company, is grieving after her father's recent suicide, when she is taken aback by the arrival of a man (Todd) claiming to be her brother Ward, believed to have died in a car accident a few months ago. Kimberly has trouble convincing her friends and family and the local police inspector (Lom) that a complete stranger has taken her deceased brother's identity and appears to know events of their shared childhood. Finally, there is a dramatic twist in the tale.
Sergeant York	2	"Alvin York (Gary Cooper), a poor young man from the rural area near Pall Mall, Tennessee, is an exceptional marksman, but a ne'er-do-well prone to drinking and fighting, which does not make things any easier for his patient mother (Margaret Wycherly). He then meets winsome Gracie Williams (Joan Leslie), and works night and day at strenuous odd jobs to accumulate the payment for a certain ""bottomland"" farm so she'll marry him. Alvin is given an option on the bottomland by its owner as part of a gentleman's agreement that Alvin can raise the purchase price in sixty days. On the very day payment is due, he wins the final needed amount at a target-shooting contest, but discovers the owner has reneged and, instead, already sold the farm to Alvin's romantic rival, Zeb Andrews. Alvin drinks heavily and swears revenge.Late that night, Alvin is struck by lightning during a rainstorm while en route to attack the man who had cheated him. He survives the lightning strike, but his mule is knocked down and his rifle is destroyed. Finding himself outside the church house where a revival meeting is being held, he enters and undergoes a religious awakening and vows never to get angry at anyone ever again. He makes amends with the men who cheated him out of the land, and tries to with Gracie.When the U.S. declares war in World War I and York is drafted into the army, he tries to avoid induction into the Army as a conscientious objector, but is denied since his church has no official standing. He reluctantly reports to Camp Gordon for basic training. Initially he is harassed because of his objector status, but his superiors eventually discover that he is a phenomenal marksman and decide to promote him to corporal.York still wants nothing to do with the Army and killing. Major Buxton (Stanley Ridges), his sympathetic commanding officer, tries to change York's mind, citing sacrifices made by others all throughout the history of the United States. He gives York a leave to go home and think it over. He promises York a recommendation for his exemption as a conscientious objector if York remains unconvinced.While York is fasting and pondering, the wind blows his Bible open to the verse ""Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's."" York reports back for duty and tells his superiors that he can serve his country, despite not having everything figured out to his satisfaction, leaving the matter in God's hands.His unit is shipped out to Europe and participates in an attack during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive on October 8, 1918. Pinned down by deadly machine gun fire, the lieutenant orders Sergeant Early (Joe Sawyer) to take some men and try to attack the machine gun nests from behind. York suddenly finds himself the last remaining unwounded non-commissioned officer in the detachment, and is placed in command by Early.Seeing his comrades being shot down all around him, his self-doubt disappears. He works his way to a position flanking the main enemy trench and, as a sniper, fires individual rifle shots with such devastating effect that the Germans surrender. Then, York forces a captured officer (Charles Esmond) at gunpoint to order the Germans still fighting in another section of the line to also surrender. He and the handful of other survivors end up with 132 prisoners. York becomes a national hero and is awarded the Medal of Honor. When Major Buxton asks him why he did what he did, York explains that he was trying to save the lives of his men.Arriving in New York City, York receives a ticker tape parade and a key to the city. He is impressed with the Waldorf-Astoria hotel and its indoor electricity. Congressman Cordell Hull guides him through the city and informs him that he has been offered opportunities to commercialize on his fame, all totaling around $250,000. York mentions the bottomland he wanted and Hull responds he could buy it with the money. York rejects the offers, however, saying that he was not proud of what he did in the war, but it had to be done. He tells Hull he wants to go home. He returns to Tennessee. The people of his home state have purchased for him the bottomland farm he wanted and paid for a house built on the land."
Gopi Kishan	1	Kishan, is a hardened criminal who returns home after completing 14 years imprisonment for murder. Kishan had killed a man in his childhood, when the latter tried to molest his mother. Kishan thinks his father is dead, but he soon learns that his mother has kept the truth under wraps. He learns that his father Suraj Malhotra was a jeweller who killed his partner and ran away with some precious jewels. She tells Kishan that she never saw Suraj after that, and now he is a dreaded gangster in the underworld.Kishan decides to avenge his father for all his wrongdoings. He singles out Sawant, a powerful man of Suraj and decides to strike on him. Meanwhile, Gopi, a doppelgänger of Kishan, works as a constable in the police force. Gopi has a doting mother, a wife and a kid, but isn't taken seriously as he lacks the guts to become anything worthwhile. Kishan spots Gopi and decides to use him for his purposes. Kishan starts bumping off the goons, while Gopi starts getting the credit.Soon, Gopi's fortune changes, while Kishan succeeds in furthering his motives. Sadly, Seema, the Commissioner's daughter, falls in love with Gopi, unaware of his marital status. One day, Kishan manages to sneak into Malhotra's lair. He holds Malhotra at gunpoint and shows him the photo of his mother. He learns that Sawant is the kingpin and Suraj the pawn, rather than other way around. Suraj tells Kishan that Sawant's men killed Suraj's partner for the jewels. Suraj somehow scooted off with the money and hid it in the basement of a construction site.Sawant caught Suraj and told him that the latter has been convicted for the former's crimes. Sawant also tells him that his wife has committed suicide and his son would be killed too, if Suraj does not tell the location of the jewels. Suraj does not tell the location, but to save the infant from death, takes the blame on himself. Upon this, Kishan reveals his true identity. Both realize that Sawant passed some other child as Suraj's child. Kishan learns that the place the money was hidden is the police headquarters.Kishan decides to retrieve the loot, but both Gopi and Seema realize the truth. Now, Gopi starts hunting for Kishan. Meanwhile, Kishan has infuriated Sawant too by killing some of his goons. Kishan's mother, whom Kishan had left to find his father, comes to find him. She runs into Gopi, mistaking him for Kishan. Gopi tricks her and abducts her. But Gopi is in for a surprise when Kishan's mother and Gopi's mother turn out to be acquaintances.Gopi's mother reveals that when Kishan's mother was in labour, she delivered twins. Gopi's mother was actually childless, so she took one of the kids. Gopi is in a quandary as he cannot arrest his newfound brother, but decides that he has to do this, one way or other. Meanwhile, Kishan has revealed the truth to Seema, who agrees to help him in retrieving the score. Sawant succeeds in nabbing Kishan. Unable to see his son tortured, Suraj spills the beans.Now, Gopi enters the den and pretends to be Kishan, claiming that Sawant has actually kidnapped the gullible Gopi. One by one, all the villains are unmasked. Suraj is delighted to meet his wife, while both Gopi and Kishan start bringing Sawant's empire to dust. After killing Sawant's son, which provides poetic justice in this case, all the goons are rounded off. Suraj is finally united with his extended family in the end.
God for Sale	0	God for Sale is a satirical take on what all determines the faith of a person. The film opens with the arrest of Poornananda Swami (Kunchacko Boban) who is alleged of child sacrifice. His story is unveiled through versions put forth by the accused and his brother (Suraj Venjaramoodu).The plot of the movie shifts to the seventies. Attingal village is home to Kamalasanan Pillai (Suraj Venjaramoodu), a tailor. One fine morning, after a Kadhaprasangam performance, Pillai was found dead under suspicious circumstances. From there, the plot shifts to a more contemporary period. Prasannan (Kunchakko Boban), son of Kamalasanan Pillai, is now a hardworking daily wages labourer, who has a lady love (Jyothi Krishna). Again, the backdrop changes, and the protagonist is seen as a brilliant law student in a famous college. Prasannan confronts some bitter truths in his early life that alters his personality. When he joins the college, he is attracted to Leftist thinking. Later he falls in love with a rich woman, and eventually turns into an affluent person, and an emotional downfall turns him into an alcoholic. The journey of Prasannan from there to the retreat centre and ultimately to a person who claims to be the avatar of God is the storyline of the film.
Nixon	1	"The movie begins in 1972 with the White House Plumbers breaking into The Watergate and subsequently getting arrested. Eighteen months later in December 1973, Richard Nixon's Chief of Staff, Alexander Haig (Powers Boothe), brings Nixon (Anthony Hopkins) audio tapes for Nixon to listen. The two men discuss the Watergate scandal and the resulting chaos. After discussing the death of J. Edgar Hoover, Nixon uses profanity when discussing John Dean, James McCord and others involved in Watergate. As Haig turns to leave, Nixon asks Haig why he hasn't been given a pistol to commit suicide like an honorable soldier.Nixon starts the taping system which triggers memories that begin a series of flashbacks within the film. The first begins on June 23, 1972 about one week after the breakin, during a meeting with H. R. Haldeman (James Woods), John Ehrlichman (J.T. Walsh) and Dean (David Hyde Pierce). Ehrlichman and Dean leave, and Nixon speaks the ""smoking gun"" tape to Haldeman.The film covers most aspects of Nixon's life and political career and implies that Nixon and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medications. Nixon's health problems, including his bout of phlebitis and pneumonia during the Watergate crisis, are also shown in the film, and his various medicants are sometimes attributed to these health issues. The film also hints at some kind of responsibility, real or imagined, that Nixon felt towards the John F. Kennedy assassination through references to the Bay of Pigs Invasion, the implication being that the mechanisms set into place for the invasion by Nixon during his term as Dwight D. Eisenhower's vice-president spiraled out of control to culminate in Kennedy's assassination and, eventually, Watergate.The film ends with Nixon's resignation and departure from the lawn of the White House on the helicopter, Marine One. Real life footage of Nixon's funeral in Yorba Linda, California plays out over the extended end credits, and all living ex-presidents at the time—Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and then-president Bill Clinton—are shown in attendance."
Just Married	2	"The film opens with Tom and Sarah in the airport, then flashes back from the moment they met up to the present. Working-class Tom Leezak and upper-class Sarah McNerney meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a football. A few months later, despite opposition from Sarah's rich family, they get married. They have kept a secret from each other: Tom doesn't tell Sarah that he accidentally killed her dog and Sarah doesn't tell Tom that she slept with Peter Prentiss, a childhood friend and her family's friend, after she and Tom started dating.Flying to Europe for their honeymoon, they attempt to consummate their marriage by joining the mile high club, but fail rather publicly. They arrive at their classy hotel at the foot of the Alps to find that Peter has sent them a bottle of cognac ""with love"", while Tom's friend Kyle has sent them a Thunderstick A-200 sex toy. Tom tries to force the toy's American plug into the European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's electricity. The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom has a heated argument with the hotel owner and pays a large bill to repair the power. While trying to find another hotel they crash their undersized car into a snowbank, stuck until daylight and once again unable to consummate their marriage.They make their way to Venice, staying at a pensione recommended by Tom's father. The pensione turns out to be a wreck, and they soon check out after a cockroach crawls over Tom when they tried to have sex.The couple secure a nice Venetian hotel with the grudging financial help of Sarah's father. They go sightseeing, but Tom quickly gets bored and abandons Sarah so he can watch sports in a bar. Sarah runs into Peter, who is staying at their hotel on business. This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she reveals she slept with Peter. The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their separate ways: Tom going back to the bar, where he meets American tourist Wendy, and Sarah going sightseeing, where Peter follows her. Wendy flirts and dances with Tom, who escapes through a bathroom window when he realizes she wants to have sex with him. He returns to the hotel, only to learn from the maître d' that Sarah has gone out with Peter for the evening. Tom returns to the bar, only to be accosted by Wendy again. Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of his situation, and finds himself tricked into walking her to his hotel room, where the girl rips off her top before Tom blurts out that he's on his honeymoon, upon which the girl finally leaves.Sarah gets drunk so Peter takes her back to the hotel. When he kisses her at the entrance, she slaps him and reminds him that she's on her honeymoon. Tom sees the kiss from the balcony but not the slap. When Tom confronts her in their room, Sarah finds Wendy's bra. Peter bursts in to ask Sarah to run away with him to Seattle, leading to a fight that lands Tom and Sarah in jail – still without consummating their marriage. Peter bails them out and the couple angrily decide to go home to Los Angeles, returning to the opening moments of the film.Sarah has moved out and Tom wants to get back with her. Upon receiving advice from his father, Tom attempts to see Sarah at her family's estate, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying to ram the gate. However, Sarah opens the gate herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera and the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other. Sarah's family finally accepts Tom and Sarah's relationship."
 13 Moons	1	The film opens with a clown (Buscemi) whose wife (Beals) and stripper girlfriend (Parsons) just discovered each other's existence. When his wife is jailed for trying to run him over, the stripper, the clown and his partner (Dinklage) contact a bail bondsman (Proval) whose wife just left their sickly son Timmy (Wolff) in his care. On the way, they are accosted by a crazed drug addict named Slovo (Stormare) who is hit by a car soon after.At the jail, the five meet up with an angry record producer (Mitchell) and the girlfriend he believes to be pregnant (Rollins) whom he plans to make a star, despite her protestations of not having any talent. Also along for the ride are two priests (Vince and Williams), one of whom has begun to doubt the wisdom of the Roman Catholic Church, and who are trailing to bail out a third priest (Messina) who was goaded into a fight by the proprietor of a strip club (Rockwell).When the nine characters intersect, they discover that Timmy has a defective kidney and is slowly dying. However, he has just been paged, as there is a donor at the hospital: Slovo. The three caring characters immediately take Timmy to the hospital, with the others in pursuit. By the time they arrive, Slovo partially recovered and escapes to wander the streets, cheerfully ignoring his internal bleeding and must be tracked down, before both he and Timmy die.
Flicka: Country Pride	1	Toby (Clint Black) comes to Cherry Creek Farms to serve as stable manager for a family in financial and emotional stress. Kelly Jenkins (Kacey Rohl) is a teenage horse lover who lives on the ranch with her mother, Lindy (Lisa Hartman). Her father died in an accident, and the stables have had increasing difficulty making a profit since.Toby brings Flicka with him, and Kelly quickly befriends the beautiful horse. Kelly’s former friend, Stephanie Meyers, boards her horse at the stables. Stephanie felt slighted by Kelly after her father died. She develops a growing dislike of Kelly and increasingly treats her like some lower class servant. When Stephanie’s dressage teammate is injured, Flicka helps Kelly win a spot on the team, much to Stephanie's chagrin. The jealousy grows even worse when Briggs McBride, the team’s male member, shows more interest in Kelly than Stephanie. The hatred grows to the point that Stephanie challenges Kelly to a race in which the loser would leave for good. Out of annoyance to Stephanie's constant bad treatment, Kelly accepts. The two females battle each other on the field until Stephanie falls off of her horse and Kelly is declared the winner. Enraged, Stephanie leaves the team and her friends follow. Kelly becomes so horrified that she sunk the team that would have saved the stable that she rides off into the night. However, Toby pursues her and convinces her to come back, as her mother is more worried about her than the stable. Encouraged by Briggs, Kelly puts together a team of unconvincing, yet talented teens to compete in the national horse competition. Kelly and her team take on Stephanie's team. The competition lasts quite a while until Kelly pulls of the best performance in the end. Stephanie is impressed and notices that Kelly sees the same talent in people as her dad did. The two rivals become friends again and near the final, Stephanie is declared the winner and Kelly is given the second place. Because Kelly won runner up in the competition, she now has enough money to save the stable and keep her mom and Toby together. Kelly gets her happy ending.
Paadu Nilave	0	After being rejected in love, police constable Balakrishnan (Mohan) decides to get his revenge.
Mother Lode	2	"When her husband George disappears after a flight into northern British Columbia's interior wilderness to search for gold, Andrea Spalding contacts Jean Dupre for help, who just happens to be available for hire after intimidating a surly passenger with aerobatics in a Molyco Company Cessna 206, then landing and walking away from the aircraft as it continues to taxi onto an active runway into the path of a landing Cessna 185, with the Molyco executive still on board.Together, Dupre and Spalding embark on a search in a dilapidated de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver. Along the way, they recover from a mechanical breakdown and encounter native fisherman Elijah, who earnestly urges them to stay away from ""Headwater"".On arrival at Headwater, Dupre accidentally crashes the aircraft during the water landing, yet he and Spalding survive, shaken but unhurt. From there, the pair become involved in suspicious activities with Silas McGee, a prospector and hermit intent on protecting his silver mine. Encountering his brother, Ian McGee, their search turns into a whodunit mystery/adventure, involving mistaken identities, greed and murder. When Dupre discovers the Mollyco aircraft in which George Spalding was last seen, submerged in a lake, the searchers eventually learn the truth about Spalding's disappearance."
Rendu	2	"Shakti (Madhavan) is a young man from a village, with no job but much ambition and dreams. As he sees his life pass him by, stuck in a rut in his hometown, he decides that he will try his fortunes elsewhere. Chennai beckons him and off goes Shakti, to join his uncle Kirikalam (Vadivelu), who has a stall of magic tricks at an exhibition. No, Kirikalam is not really a magician, but is posing as one and his amateurish tricks don't exactly bring in big crowds.Next door to Shakti and Kirikalam's stall though, is one ever-populated with visitors. The reason: it's an all-girls stand, with mermaid costumes as the theme. Velli (Reema Sen) is the 'head mermaid' at this stall run by her sister, and bitter quarrels between Shakti and Velli ensue, when Shakti feels that Velli and her team are unfairly taking their customers away and Velli has this impression of Shakti being an unsavoury character. This misunderstanding is seen at different occasions where Velli and Shakti just happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time — be it when Shakti gets off the bus from his village, asks for directions and is told to follow Velli, walking in the distance (Velli thinks he's a womaniser) or when Shakti finally catches up with a miscreant who had picked his pocket and demands his money back—only Velli walks into the scene only at the demanding part. This whole collage of scenes is animated, with Kirikalam and Shakti trying to woo customers back to their stall, Shakti and Velli getting into arguments and a general state of ""fun"" ruckus. Of course, love has been brewing as an undercurrent between the two young people.Manivannan plays the character of the owner of the exhibition grounds and keeps harassing Velli under some pretext or the other, like the rent not being paid on time. In fact, he has a soft spot for Velli, feelings thoroughly rejected by her. He finally abducts her, but Shakti rescues Velli. Similarly, Velli's plight is repeated when her ""mora maapillai"" (betrothed suitor) enters the scene and tries to force her to be with him, and Shakti steps in once again to save and protect Velli. The undercurrents of love blow up into a full-fledged torrent and Velli and Shakti make up for all of their lost time professing their love for each other and romancing their way happily through the exhibition.Meanwhile, we see a series of murders in different towns of the state and two perpetrators of these crimes slinking away from each. Not every time is it foolproof though, and at one crime scene, a witness spots the main culprit. He is instructed by the police to sketch and give them a pictorial description of the murderer, when it comes to the police's knowledge that both the criminals have been seen at Kumbakonam some time ago. Going through various fact files, the police come across the incident of a bad fire at a marriage hall in Kumbakonam and as the officer in charge of the investigation (played by Bhagyaraj) flips through the picture files of the deceased, Kannan's (Madhavan — the 2nd) face is shown and the witness jumps. He tells the police he doesn't need to sketch anything when the face of the main murderer itself is staring them in the eye — he points to the photo of Kannan - it is the face of Shakti, only this one has light eyes. Investigations into the murder lead the police to Chennai and as luck would have it, Shakti is spotted, recognized and arrested. Kannan, on the other hand follows the murder investigation and is upset to find that an innocent man has been captured for crimes he has committed. He meets Kirikalam and Velli and plots to help Shakti get out. And so he does, and Shakti and he escape by the skin of their teeth. After much chase-and-hide, Kannan tells the story of what led him to murder all those people.Kannan, his elder brother, and his father were renowned caterers and were commissioned to cook for a marriage function in Kumbakonam. The host was Kannan's father's friend and this gentleman's daughter Manjula (Nikita Palekar) was going to be married in a joyous ceremony. There, Kannan meets Jyoti (Anushka) and falls in love instantly. At first he panics that Jyoti is the bride at the function but is vastly relieved when he finds out she is not. She really likes Kannan too and it all seems like Wonderland. Unfortunately, the groom creates trouble at the wedding and walks out, leaving the family distraught and desperate. Suddenly Kannan makes a suggestion, ""Father, this is our friend's wedding and the bride is a wonderful girl. Why can't Anna (elder brother) marry her?"" A brilliant idea and it is decided-only fate has to fell her axe right then, when all hell breaks loose and a raging fire attacks the marriage house. The father of the bride is a good man, and a dignitary in the town of Kumbakonam. He comes to know that a bunch of powerful thugs and gang leaders have sold a large piece of government property to a north Indian businessman, completely illegally at exorbitant prices, with no gain for the townspeople themselves. He strongly opposes them and all their mischief comes to public notice and foils their plans. They want his blood as revenge.They set fire to the building of the wedding and kill every single inmate inside — but two people escape, Kannan and his friend. Kannan, whose light eyes are a result of the fire (he walks with help and not very clear sight) is heartbroken and devastated at the loss of his entire family and lady love at what was to be a joyous, happy occasion. He vows retribution on the villains and sets about cold-bloodedly fulfilling this. Shakti decides to help Kannan achieve his revenge with the help of Velli and Kirikalan. At the end, however, Kannan sacrifices his own life to kill the final baddie, and he reunites with his family and lady love in heaven."
The Pied Piper of Hamelin	2	"The Pied Piper (Van Johnson) is first spotted working magic in Hamelin by a disabled boy, Paul, and playing his signature tune In the Hall of the Mountain King. Paul tells his best friend, the schoolteacher Truson (=true son), also played by Johnson, but Truson is skeptical.The town of Hamelin has entered a competition in order to win a banner from the King. To this end, the Mayor (Claude Rains) exhorts the people to work incessantly, even the children, to the extent that they are denied school and play. Truson protests, but his protests go unheeded by the arrogant Mayor. As part of a competition between several villages, the Mayor and his cabinet plan to construct golden chimes to impress the King's Emissary, who is due to pay a visit to Hamelin. But their efforts are temporarily halted when the town is invaded by rats, which have fled the neighboring city of Hamelout after the Weser River flooded and destroyed the town.It is then that the Piper magically appears before the Mayor and his councilors. (He can appear inside the council room although the door is bolted.) Asking to be paid all the money in the town's treasury, (fifty-thousand guilders) he offers to rid the town of the rats. An unusual element is introduced into the story here: whenever the Piper plays a happy tune for the children, only Truson and the children can hear it. When he plays ""In the Hall of the Mountain King"" and leads the rats to their doom in the river, the children quickly fall asleep and only the material-minded adults such as the Mayor, but not Truson, can hear the music.The Piper rids the town of the rats, but rather than simply paying him, the Mayor and his Cabinet attempt to use legal pettifoggery to trick him into an agreement whereby he must deposit a certain amount of money as a guarantee that the rats will not return, and if they do he must return the rest of the money that he has been paid. Furious, the Piper leaves without his money, and the Mayor plots to use the gold to construct the chimes. Truson, who is in love with the Mayor's daughter Mara (Lori Nelson) is thrown in jail for speaking out against this injustice. The Mayor plans to marry off Mara to the King's Emissary (Jim Backus), but at this point, the Piper takes his revenge. Playing a happy variation on ""In the Hall of the Mountain King"", he leads the children of Hamelin away and into a beautiful kingdom concealed by a cave which magically opens to let the children in. But Paul is accidentally left behind, after he falls while trying to catch up with the other children and the cave closes before he can pass through.The rest of the plot concerns the resolution of the Truson-Mara love story, the attempts of the adults to bring back the children, and the townsfolk and the Mayor. A happy ending showing the Piper's forgiveness and his returning of the children was added to the story in order to keep the program a family special."
Nicholas Nickleby	1	In a prologue the Nickelbys are introduced, who enjoy a comfortable life in the Devon countryside until the father dies and leaves his family with no source of income. Nineteen-year-old Nicholas, his mother, and his younger sister Kate venture to London to seek help from their wealthy, cold-hearted uncle Ralph, an investor who arranges for Nicholas to be hired as a tutor at Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire and finds Kate work as a seamstress.Nicholas is horrified to discover his employers, the sadistic Mr and Mrs Squeers, run their boarding school like a prison and physically, verbally, and emotionally abuse their young charges on a regular basis. He eventually rebels and escapes, taking with him the young, crippled Smike. As they journey to London, they stumble upon a theatrical troupe owned and operated by Mr. and Mrs. Crummles. They cast them in a production of Romeo and Juliet, but despite a successful first night and the couple's invitation to stay, Nicholas is determined to continue their journey to London to learn how his mother and sister are faring.Nicholas is reunited with his family, who welcome Smike as one of their own, and finds clerical employment with the friendly Cheeryble brothers. While thus employed, Nicholas makes the acquaintance of Madeline Bray, an artist who financially supports both herself and her tyrannical father, as her father gambled away his fortune and that of his late wife. Nicholas meanwhile discovers his sister Kate has been subjected to humiliating sexual attention from the lecherous Sir Mulberry Hawk, a client of their uncle, who has encouraged the man to seduce his niece in the hope that she will succumb and thus cement Hawk's business relationship with him.Nicholas' determination to defend his sister's honor leads his uncle to vow he will destroy the young man. What ensues is a series of adventures in which the upstanding Nicholas manages to survive the schemes of his evil uncle, including an attempt to return Smike to Squeers by kidnapping him and an effort to abort Nicholas' growing relationship with Madeline by promising her father he will excuse his debts if the girl weds Hawk. Ralph's designs on Madeline are thwarted when her father dies unexpectedly. Unfortunately, Smike falls ill and soon dies. Soon after, a sinister secret Ralph has harbored for years surfaces, and it is revealed Smike was Ralph's son, whom he had thought dead. Realizing that his son had died the best friend of his most hated enemy, Ralph hangs himself. Nicholas marries Madeline and settles with her in Devon at his father's house and grounds, where Smike is buried.
Dune	1	"In the distant future, the known universe is ruled by Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV. The most important substance in the empire is the drug known as melange or ""the spice"". It has many special properties, such as extending life and expanding consciousness. The most profitable and important of its properties is its ability to assist the Spacing Guild with folding space, which allows safe, instantaneous interstellar travel.Sensing a potential threat to spice production, the Spacing Guild sends an emissary to demand an explanation from the Emperor, who confidentially shares his plans to destroy House Atreides. The popularity of Duke Leto Atreides has grown through the empire, and he is suspected to be amassing a secret army, which Emperor Shaddam sees as a potential threat to his rule. Shaddam's plan is to give House Atreides control of the planet Arrakis (also known as Dune), the only source of spice. Once installed on Arrakis, he intends to have them ambushed by their longtime archenemies, the Harkonnens, with assistance from the Emperor's elite troops, the Sardaukar. The Guild Navigator also commands the Emperor to kill Duke Leto's son, Paul Atreides, a young man who dreams prophetic visions of his purpose. The execution order draws the attention of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood, as Paul is tied to its centuries-long Bene Gesserit breeding program which seeks to produce the universe's superbeing, the Kwisatz Haderach. Before he leaves for Arrakis, Paul is tested by the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam by being forced to place his hand in a box which induces excruciating pain. To Mohiam's surprise and eventual satisfaction, he passes the test.Meanwhile, on the industrial world of Giedi Prime, the sadistic Baron Vladimir Harkonnen tells his nephews Glossu Rabban and Feyd-Rautha about his plan to eliminate the Atreides by manipulating someone in House Atreides into betraying the Duke. The Atreides leave their homeworld Caladan for Arrakis, a barren desert planet populated by gigantic sandworms. The native people of Arrakis are called the Fremen, a mysterious people who have long held a prophecy that a messiah would come to lead them to freedom. Upon arrival on Arrakis, Leto is informed by one of his right-hand men, Duncan Idaho, that the Fremen have been underestimated, as they exist in vast numbers and could prove to be powerful allies. Leto begins to gain the trust of the Fremen, but before the Duke can establish an alliance, the Harkonnens launch their attack.While they had anticipated a trap, Harkonnen's traitor within House Atreides, Dr. Wellington Yueh, Duke Leto's personal physician, has disabled critical shields and destroyed their sonic weapons, leaving them nearly defenseless. In the attack, Idaho is killed, Leto is captured, and nearly all of House Atreides is wiped out. While captured, Leto dies in a failed attempt to assassinate the Baron Harkonnen using a poison gas capsule planted in his tooth by Dr. Yueh, who is double-crossed by Baron Harkonnnen and executed by Piter De Vries. However, Leto's concubine Lady Jessica and his son Paul survive the attack and are able to escape into the deep desert, where they discover a sietch of Fremen, led by Stilgar. Paul and Jessica are taken in by the Fremen; Jessica becomes their Reverend Mother, and Paul falls in love with Chani, a Fremen warrior he had previously seen in one of his visions.Paul takes on the Fremen name Muad'Dib, and emerges as the leader for whom the Fremen have been waiting. He teaches the Fremen to build and use Weirding Modules—sonic weapons developed by House Atreides—and begins to target spice mining production, which is back in control of the Harkonnen, overseen by Rabban. Over the next two years, spice production is effectively halted, a fact Rabban tries to keep hidden from the empire. The Spacing Guild returns to the Emperor to warn him of the deteriorating situation on Arrakis. They also fear that Paul will consume the Water of Life, a powerful poison used by the Bene Gesserit to help induce their abilities. The meeting is revealed to Paul in a prophetic dream, but then the dreams suddenly stop. Shaken by the absence of his visions, he goes out into the desert, drinks the Water of Life and enters into a trance. Upon awakening, he is transformed, obtaining powerful psychic abilities and the ability to control the sandworms. Paul has also regained his ability to see into space and the future, and learns the Emperor is amassing a huge invasion fleet above Arrakis to wipe out the Fremen and to regain absolute control of the planet.Upon the Emperor's arrival at Arrakis, he executes Rabban for failing to remedy the spice situation, calling in Baron Harkonnen to demand an explanation. At the same time, Paul launches a final attack against the Harkonnens and the Emperor's Sardaukar at the capital city of Arrakeen. His Fremen warriors, riding in on sandworms and brandishing their sonic weapons, easily defeat the Emperor's legions, while Paul's sister Alia kills Baron Harkonnen. Once in Arrakeen, Paul faces the Emperor and engages Feyd-Rautha in a duel to the death; Paul kills Feyd and relieves Emperor Shaddam of power. Paul then demonstrates his newfound powers and fulfills the Fremen prophecy that he is the promised messiah by causing rain to fall on Arrakis for the first time ever, as Alia declares him to be the Kwisatz Haderach."
Rancho Deluxe	1	"Jack McKee and Cecil Colson are a couple of young, restless rustlers. Jack has turned his back on his wealthy family and his wife. Cecil is a Native American. Together, more out of boredom than anything else, they have begun rustling cattle, cutting them up with a chainsaw and paying bills with fresh meat in lieu of cash.Equally bored are wealthy Montana rancher John Brown and his wife, Cora. They once ran a beauty parlor in Schenectady, New York, but now they have bought up most of the land in this corner of Montana. Cora is so bored that she tries to catch the eye of her husband's dim ranch hands, Burt and Curt, but she can't seem to work up much interest on their part.The rustling of his livestock lights a fire under Brown, who sends Burt and Curt up in a helicopter to try to catch the thieves in the act. Jack and Cecil continue to single out Brown's cattle, even kidnapping his $50,000 prize bull, ""Basehart of Bozeman Canyon,"" for ransom.Brown decides to call upon Henry Beige, said to be the scourge of rustlers everywhere. A legendary stock detective who once served time on a prison farm for rustling, Beige turns out to be a feeble old fool who doesn't seem to be interested in anything except watching TV and being waited on hand and foot by his beautiful niece, Laura, who is almost sickeningly sweet.Jack and Cecil are feeling cocky, so much so that when Burt and Curt figure out that they must be the rustlers, Jack and Cecil bribe them into a scheme to steal a semi-truck full of John Brown's cattle.Curt, however, has fallen head over heels in love with the luscious Laura, even though she still mistakenly calls him Burt. She is nowhere near as innocent as she seems, as she proves in a sexual encounter in the woods. Burt intends to use his rustling profits to take an expensive vacation in Mexico, but Curt has chosen to propose marriage to Laura.Henry Beige's ineptitude and uninterest in identifying the rustlers is infuriating to Brown, who angrily fires him. A distressed Laura explains to Curt that she needs to take care of her uncle and therefore will be leaving with him, unable to marry Curt.Curt decides to help Henry catch the rustlers instead. Henry proceeds to do exactly that, making a show of it before the town's citizens. Burt and Curt are also arrested, Curt coming to realize that Laura's sweetness and love for him was all an act.Henry Beige comes to Brown to say goodbye, nonchalantly accepting his payment because he says he's in it now simply for the sport. Brown can see now that Henry is shrewd, not doddering at all, and Laura is a sexy, all-business woman, not innocent in any way.Jack and Cecil end up sent to the Montana State Prison Ranch at Deer Lodge, presumably the same prison where Henry Beige served time in his youth. They spend their days on horseback, seemingly no more or less bored than they had been before. The final scene shows the two rustlers riding under a sign reading ""Rancho Deluxe""."
Where the Truth Lies	1	"In 1957, immediately after co-hosting a 39-hour-long polio telethon in a Miami television studio, entertainers Lanny Morris and Vince Collins fly north to open the new showroom of a New Jersey hotel run by mobster Sally Sanmarco, who has intimidated them into appearing in order to improve his own image. In their New Jersey hotel suite, shortly after their arrival, the nude body of Miami college student Maureen O'Flaherty is found in a bathtub.Maureen, an aspiring journalist working for the summer as a server at the comedy team's Miami hotel (which is also owned by Sanmarco), had been researching an article for her school newspaper on the comedy team, and had interviewed them in Miami just before she disappeared. Police investigation in no way connects either Morris or Collins to Maureen's death, which is officially attributed to a drug overdose. Soon after her body is discovered, the two men's comedy partnership is dissolved, despite their enormous success and the closeness of their dependence on one another.Many unanswered questions remain for the investigators of Maureen's death; the most confusing aspect is how Maureen's body made it from Miami to New Jersey at the same time the comedians were traveling.Fifteen years later, journalist Karen O'Connor, who as a young polio survivor first met the duo at the same telethon portrayed in the movie's opening sequence, accepts a job to ghostwrite Vince Collins' autobiography—a deal from which Collins will earn $1 million, which he badly needs. Karen makes a promise to Mrs. O'Flaherty that she will find the truth of how her daughter Maureen died. The project is complicated by the fact that she keeps receiving anonymously sent chapters from a book that Lanny Morris himself has written.Karen, who has idolized the comedians ever since first meeting them, encounters Morris, accompanied by his faithful valet Reuben and manager Irv, by chance in the first-class section of a flight, where she shares a dinner table with them. Wishing to keep her identity secret, during the meal she introduces herself as ""Bonnie Trout,"" the name of the best friend with whom she has traded apartments. Morris and Karen hit it off and have sex in his hotel. He disappears the next morning, apparently without leaving her a note.Under her own name, Karen begins to work on the Collins autobiography. Complications arise when Collins invites her to an all-day working session at his Los Angeles home and she learns that Morris will be joining them as well. Near panic ensues; she abruptly invents an excuse to leave, but meets Morris in the driveway, and her masquerade is revealed—Morris discovers she has lied about who she is, and Collins discovers that the woman helping him write his memoirs is having or has had an affair with his ex-partner.Collins agrees to continue with the book, but creates a situation to blackmail Karen into staying away from the story of Maureen O'Flaherty, which is Karen's consuming interest. After plying Karen with wine and drugs, Collins manipulates her into having sex with a young aspiring singer named Alice. He photographs the two women in compromising positions. Karen is told that unless she tells the publisher that there is nothing odd or improper surrounding Maureen's death, he will make the pictures public.Karen discovers that Maureen had secretly recorded her interactions with Morris and Collins. Gradually, it becomes clear what really happened that night 15 years before: the three had engaged in a ménage à trois, fueled by drugs and booze, and at some point Collins tried to have sex with Morris, who resisted violently. Collins retreated to his room, whereupon Maureen tried to blackmail Morris into paying to keep this information a secret. (In 1957, it would have finished Collins professionally if it had come out that he was bisexual.) Morris tried to bribe Maureen to stay quiet but she wanted more money than he was either willing or able to give. Collins passed out in his room, Morris in his, and Maureen fell asleep on the couch. In the morning, she was dead.Fifteen years later, Karen has begun to uncover the story. She discovers more about Morris' ""fix-it man,"" Reuben. While both Morris and Collins were convinced the other murdered Maureen, they smuggled her body in a crate full of lobsters (a gift from Sanmarco) with Reuben's assistance, shipping it ahead of them to the New Jersey hotel. The tape recorder was on during the entire night, but the tape has been missing all these years.Reuben offers to produce the tape. He asks Karen if her publishing company will pay him, say, $1 million for the tape. Karen puts two and two together and realizes that Reuben was blackmailing Collins, demanding $1 million to keep quiet about his bisexuality, proven on the tape, and perhaps his having murdered Maureen. (Collins was so drunk and drugged during that episode that he plainly does not remember what happened.) Reuben was demanding a million dollars for a murder he himself committed.In the end, Collins is indeed destroyed, committing suicide. Morris is furious at Karen for all that she has set in motion, and Karen has the answer to her mystery. She goes to Mrs. O'Flaherty, saying she will publish the truth but only after an innocent bystander has died—referring to Maureen's mother herself, who would be crushed to learn of her daughter's behavior that contributed to her own death."
The President	2	A revolution is happening in a country with a dictatorial president. The president sends his family abroad but his grandson wants to stay with his grandfather. In order to save their lives they run away and the president uses a wig and a guitar to disguise himself as a gypsy. They want to reach the sea so they can go to another country by boat. They must experience poverty and hunger during their journey, and see the effects of the dictatorship on the country.[2]The inspiration for the film came when Makhmalbaf visited the Darul Aman Palace in Kabul. The Arab Spring revolutions were also inspirations.[3]
The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima	2	"It is 1917. Portugal is feeling the after-effects of a storm of anti-religious sentiment and the violent overthrow of the monarchy and the government in the 5 October 1910 revolution. Churches in Lisbon and the rest of Portugal are boarded up. Many priests, nuns, monks and friars are shown being fingerprinted, photographed and registered as possible criminals before being jailed. The rural town of Fátima is small enough to have escaped much of this persecution; their church remains open, and most of the people are reasonably devout.Watching their flocks and playing in a field outside town on May 15 (the actual date of the first apparition was May 13), Lúcia Santos (Susan Whitney) and her cousins, Jacinta Marto (Sherry Jackson) and Francisco Marto (Sammy Ogg) decide to pray their version of the Rosary by yelling out, ""Hail Mary!"" but not finishing the prayer. In the midst of this activity they hear a clap of thunder and see a flash of lightning from a distance. Thinking it is about to rain, the children gather their sheep and head for their homes. Another flash of lightning causes them to run straight into an unusual ""cloud of light"" surrounding a little tree on which a mysterious lady stands. Speaking slowly and gently, the Lady asks them to return on the 13th of each month and to offer their sufferings to God for the salvation of sinners. She entreats them to say the Rosary for world peace. Later, they encounter their agnostic friend Hugo (Gilbert Roland) who tells them it is best not to reveal the vision to anyone else, but of course on returning home, Jacinta immediately divulges her sightings.Jacinta and Francisco's parents quickly believe the story, but Lúcia's mother reacts with disgust and subjects her daughter to emotional and physical mistreatment. She forbids Lúcia to return to the Cova da Iria, but Lúcia does so anyway on the next month's appearance (June 13), and is told then that her cousins will die and go to heaven ""soon"", while she will live a long life in holy service. The parish priest suggests the visions might be from Satan. The local authorities close the Fátima church until the priest can convince the parishioners that no visions have or will happen. The next month, on July 13, the Lady appears again, predicting ""another and worse war"" (World War II) will happen if the world doesn't stop sinning. She also predicts evil will come from Russia if that nation is unconverted. Kidnapped by provincial administrator Artur Santos (who is not related to Lúcia Santos), the children are first offered bribes, then threatened with death if they don't change their story. Trying to frighten them, he has first Jacinta, then Francisco dragged into another room. Jacinta's terrified screams convince Lúcia that her cousins are dead, but she refuses to deny what she's seen. Warning her that she's about to experience ""the full treatment"", Artur Santos reunites her with her cousins, who are very much alive, then throws them all in jail. There they find Hugo, who stands by them as they convince all the prisoners to join in the Rosary.Unable to find any prosecutable evidence, Artur (Frank Silvera) frees the children, who find that the entire population of Fátima has been standing outside waiting for them.On October 13, when the Lady promised ""a sign that will make them believe"", about forty thousand people arrive, waiting through a torrential downpour. The Lady appears and says that the war (World War I) will be over soon and the soldiers will be returning to their homes. At precisely noon, as the Lady raises her hands, the clouds part and the sun shines brightly upon all the people—then the sun shifts through a rainbow of colours and appears to move closer, in what many have described as the miracle of the Sun. Many people panic, some pray or watch calmly, and a few sick and disabled people are healed. As the sun returns to normal, we see Hugo standing in the middle of the kneeling crowd, his hat still on. Removing it, he says ""Only the fool sayeth there is no God.""A short epilogue, circa 1951, shows the huge basilica where the tree once stood and a million people outside paying homage to Our Lady of Fátima. At the end of the movie inside the new basilica (where the Cova da Iria once was), Lúcia is now a nun praying before the tomb where her cousins are buried, with the converted Hugo at her side."
The Restless Breed	1	"1865: Lawyer Mitch Baker is called into an office of the United States Secret Service to be told that his father was murdered in the border town of Mission, Texas. He was betrayed to Newton by an informer whilst on a mission investigating a group of gunrunners called ""Newton's Raiders"" supplying the forces of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico with weapons arousing the ire of the United States who wants a Republican Mexico.Though offered his father's badge and pistol Mitch only wants the pistol that he takes with him on his revenge mission to Mission. Mitch adopts the guise of a gunslinger establishing his credentials by gunning down a few of Newton's men. With sheriffs being murdered soon after taking office the only force for good is Mr Simmons who admits to impersonating a Reverend of the Gospel. Simmons also has a children's shelter of half breed children that neither their Indian or American fathers and mothers want. The oldest is Angelita who aspires to be a dancer in the local saloon.Angelita is fascinated, then falls in love with Mitch. As no one in town know who Mitch is or why he came the other children imagine him an Archangel, especially as Mitch turns the table on several assassination attempts as he waits for Newton to arrive to exact his revenge. Arriving before Newton is Marshal Evans who knew Mitch's father and tells Mitch his father would be ashamed of what he was doing. He also threatens to imprison Mitch and charge him with murder if he kills one more of Newton's men. Angelita and Simons are glad to know Mitch's mission and urge him to let Marshal Evans arrest Newton, but Newton rides in with a gang of riders."
7 Lives	1	Tom, a married man with kids, is struggling at work when a client tries to seduce him with promises of a ‘more exciting life’. On his way home one night he gets attacked by a gang of hoodies and falls into a parallel world where he lives 5 other lives including a Rock-Star, a Homeless person and the ‘hoody’ that attacked him. These lives help him to re-evaluate his priorities and values but in order to get home he must face some of his deepest desires and fears. Will he make it home or is the grass greener on the other side?
Idol of the Crowds	1	The New York Panthers ice hockey team is struggling in the standings. A scouting team headed by Kelly (Hopton) heads to Maine where they've heard of a promising former amateur player. He turns out to be John Hanson (Wayne), now a chicken farmer.Hanson does not wish to return to the game, but when he learns how much money he can make, he agrees solely so he can make enough to upgrade his farm. His skills make him an instant sensation, but as the team heads toward the championship series, he runs afoul of crooked gamblers and the beautiful woman (Bromley) they tempt him with.
The Precipice Game	2	Liu Chenchen, a free-spirited young woman, rebels against her wealthy family and elopes with her boyfriend to join a cruise-bond treasure hunt. But what began as an innocent game with promises of great reward soon turns into a battle for survival when the contestants are thrown into a mysterious world of intrigue and chaos in the middle of the sea. Liu relies only on her wits and her new friends to survive, all the while unmasking foes and learning that nothing is what it seems. But as her companions are attacked one by one, Liu must do everything she can to escape.[3]
Ananda Tandavam	2	"The film deals with the life of Ragupathi (Siddharth Venugopal), whose mother died in childbirth. He grows up with plenty of affection from his father (Kitty) and grows into a quiet, sensible and a bit of a serious person. His father is the Deputy-Chief Dam (maintenance) Engineer in the Ambasamudiram dam, Tirunelveli, while Ragu is a mechanical engineer. He is frustrated because he is unemployed. One day, after returning after an Interview in Pune, when he meets Madhumitha (Tamannaah); a native character, she plays childish pranks and brings energy into his life. Madhumitha is the elder daughter of the Dam's new Chief Engineer and his arrogant wife, who want a very comfortable life for the family.Her parents also bring joy in Ragu's life as they accept who Ragu is, and eventually, Raghu finds employment in Pune. He suddenly gets engaged to Madhu, even without pre-informing his dad. Ragu leaves for Pune. When he returns a month later, trouble had come in the form of Radha Krishnan (Rishi). He is a spoilt NRI US businessman, and worst of all, Madhu, being immature herself, agrees with her parents opinion and decides to marry Radha. The reason given by madhu's family is that ragu's father has an illicit relationship with their maid, jayanthi, who is 1 year older than ragu. Circumstances make ragu believe so. Raghu, heartbroken, attempts to commit suicide, by jumping down a waterfall. He survives it with major temporary injuries. his father berates him and says that Jayanthi's mom breast-fed ragu and she is like his own daughter. Also madu had visited him for namesake and had already left to USA with Radha. 6 months later, with further encouragement from his father and friends, leaves for US to study MBA in NewYork University. He has to stay at the mansion of his dad's friend, Mohan. Mohan is a divorcee and rich share-trader.He meets mohan's niece Ratnakumari (Rukmini Vijayakumar) at the airport and she drops him home. Ratna, though being brought up in USA since age of 7, wants to marry an Indian and return to India. She is extremely intelligent, beautiful, social and cultured. Ragu starts his MBA course and befriends another Tamil guy named Natraj. But, at the end of day one, ragu's benchmate, a korean kills his ex-girl friend and himself before ragu's eyes. Then, a black-mob tries to mug him, where ratna saves him. Ragu then asks mohan to put him back on the next flight home. Mohan says that he cut his own leg to escape from the twin towers on 9/11. His company fired him with a compensation, and that was taken away by his wife as compensation for Divorce. But still, he did online-share trading and has earned around 30 million in 10 years. He shows his hidden prosthetic leg, and then drinks too much. This motivates ragu to stay in new york.One day, ragu sees madu in a tamil association function. Then, madu surprises her and gifts him an Iphone 4. Also, the both go on a trio-trip to Atlantic city, after madhu's husband cancels on the last minute. But, ragu is shocked to find that Radha has been cheating on Madhu the whole time. He resolves to tell her the truth, but Madhu is blinded against Radha's faults because of respect for him. She accuses him of still having feelings for her, insulting him, causing another argument between them. As time progresses, Madhu discovers that her husband has been cheating on her, which had let her to be on constantabuse by him, leading her to live life with misery. But, Ragu and ratna become close and their families decide to get them engaged.One day, she escapes from Radha and goes to meet Raghu. Unfortunately for her, Raghu gets engaged to Ratna the very same day, and unable to bear any more sadness, ends up cutting her veins and begging Raghu to take her back. Ratna intervenes and Madhu asks for Raghu, Ratna is disgusted and complains to her family. They come and take Raghu away, leaving Madhu devastated, drunk, and bleeding through her veins. Madhu then kills herself through careless driving.At the airport, everyone is gathered, and Madhu's parents are collecting the coffin with Madhu's body. Radha tries to lie to Madhu's parents that he was perfect to her in every way and cannot understand why this happened. In the meantime, Ragu arrives, who had also come to see Madhu's body, gets enraged and charges at him with a revolver, but finds out that it is locked. He is later soothed by Ratna as she says "" I love your relationship commitment more than you!"""
Armageddon	2	"A massive meteor shower destroys the orbiting Space Shuttle Atlantis and bombards a swath of land around the North Atlantic. NASA discovers through the Hubble Space Telescope that the meteors were debris propelled from the asteroid belt by a rogue asteroid roughly the size of Texas, christened ""Dottie"" by its discoverer. The asteroid will collide with Earth in 18 days, causing a second extinction event. NASA scientists, led by Dan Truman, plan to trigger a thermonuclear detonation at least 800 ft (244 m) inside the asteroid to split it in two, driving the pieces apart so both will fly past the Earth. NASA contacts Harry Stamper, considered the best deep-sea oil driller in the world, for assistance. Harry insists he will need his full team to help execute NASA's plan, and they agree to help but only after their list of unusual rewards are met.NASA plans to launch two specialized Space Shuttle orbiters, the X-71s, Freedom and Independence, to increase the chances of success; the shuttles will refill with liquid oxygen from the 11-year-old Russian space station Mir (which is modified to have artificial gravity by rotating on itself) before making a slingshot maneuver around the Moon to approach the asteroid from behind. NASA puts Harry and his crew through a short and rigorous astronaut training program, while Harry's team re-outfit the mobile drillers, ""Armadillos"", for the job. During training, Truman and Harry are skeptical about the abilities of A.J. Frost, a hot-headed drill operator who has been dating Harry's daughter Grace against Harry's wishes.The destruction of Shanghai by a meteorite forces the government to reveal the asteroid's existence, as well as their plan. The shuttles are launched and arrive at the space station, where its sole cosmonaut Lev Andropov helps with refueling. A major fire breaks out during the fueling process, forcing the crews, including Lev, to evacuate in the shuttles before the station explodes. The shuttles perform the slingshot around the Moon, but approaching the asteroid, the Independence's engines are destroyed by trailing debris, and it crash-lands on the asteroid. Grace, aware A.J. was aboard the Independence, is traumatized by this news, believing he was killed. Unknown to the others, A.J., Lev, and ""Bear"" (another of Harry's crew) survive the impact and head towards the Freedom target site in their Armadillo.Freedom safely lands on the asteroid, but overshoots the target zone, landing on a much harder metallic field than planned, and their drilling quickly falls behind schedule. The military initiates a backup plan they call ""secondary protocol"", planning to remotely detonate the weapon at the asteroid's surface, despite Truman and Harry's insistence that it would be ineffective. Truman delays the military, while Harry convinces the shuttle commander Colonel Willie Sharp to disarm the remote trigger. Harry's crew continues to work, but in their haste, they accidentally hit a gas pocket, blowing their Armadillo into space and losing another man. As the world learns of the mission's apparent failure, another meteorite decimates most of Paris.All seems lost until Independence's Armadillo arrives. With A.J. at the controls, they reach the required depth for the bomb. However, flying debris from the asteroid damages the triggering device, requiring someone to stay behind to manually detonate the bomb. The crew draw straws and A.J. is selected. As he and Harry exit the airlock, Harry rips off A.J.'s air hose and shoves him back inside, telling him that he is the son Harry never had and gives his blessing to marry Grace. Harry contacts Grace to bid his final farewell. After some last minute difficulties involving both the shuttle engines and the detonator, the Freedom moves to a safe distance and Harry triggers the detonation while his life flashes before his eyes. The bomb successfully splits the asteroid, avoiding the collision with Earth. Freedom safely returns to Earth, and the surviving crew is treated as heroes. A.J. and Grace get married, with photos of Harry and the other lost crew members present."
Rent-A-Cop	1	A drug bust is about to go down and Chicago cop Tony Church is on the case. Things go horribly wrong, though. His fellow officers get slaughtered and Church takes the blame, getting fired from the force.Della, a high-priced hooker, happened to be in the hotel at the time and caught a good look at the killer's face. Now she's scared and needs protection. She tracks down Church, who can't find employment other than as a security guard. Della offers him a fee to be her bodyguard until the killer is caught.The lunatic everyone's after is called Dancer, partly because he likes to bust a move in front of a mirror whenever he gets the chance. A former police officer, Roger, is around to give Church advice and assistance, at least until it's revealed that Roger is now totally corrupt.Church manages to save Della's life, and after quite a bit of bickering, they discover a mutual attraction as well.
A Song Is Born	1	"Mild-mannered Professor Hobart Frisbee (Danny Kaye) and his fellow academics, among them Professor Magenbruch (Benny Goodman), are writing a musical encyclopedia. In the process, they discover that there is some new popular music that is called jazz, swing, boogie woogie or rebop, introduced to them by two window washers Buck and Bubbles. The professors become entangled in the problems of nightclub singer Honey Swanson (Virginia Mayo). She needs a place to hide out from the police, who want to question her about her gangster boyfriend Tony Crow (Steve Cochran). She invites herself into their sheltered household, over Frisbee's objections. While there, she introduces them to the latest in jazz, with which they are unfamiliar, giving the film an excuse to feature many of the best musicians of the era. The songs they play include ""A Song Is Born"", ""Daddy-O"", ""I'm Getting Sentimental Over You"", ""Flying Home"", and ""Redskin Rumba"".Eventually, Tony comes by to collect Honey, but by that time, she and Hobart have fallen in love. And the finale, of course, is not decided by guns but by music, its resonance and reverberation."
Rustlers' Hideout	0	Billy and Fuzzy lead a cattle drive and face a gang of ruthless rustlers who use gambling debts and poisoning water holes to stop Billy's herd.
Jallikattu Kaalai	1	Gopalakrishnan (Prabhu) works in a mill owned by Sundara Gounder (Malaysia Vasudevan). Radha (Kanaka), Sundara Gounder's daughter, returns to the village after her studies and falls in love with Gopalakrishnan. Loose Gounder (Anandaraj) is a vicious man who has raped and killed women.Knowing of his daughter's love, Sundara Gounder arranges her marriage to Radha with a fraud. Her fiancé agrees to leave Radha for one night with Loose Gounder. Gopalakrishnan cancels the marriage and the fraud and is arrested by the police. Sundara Gounder apologises to Gopalakrishnan and Radha is married to her lover.Loose Gounder kills Gopalakrishnan's calf and the wedding night is therefore cancelled.Radha misunderstands a conversation between Gopalakrishnan and a woman who lies that she had a sexual relationship with her husband.At the wedding night, Gopalakrishnan says that the women lied but Radha does not believe him. In fact, the woman was forced to lie because Loose Gounder raped her before and he had promised to marry her. Loose Gounder kills her and Gopalakrishnan goes to her house. Radha thinks that Gopalakrishnan killed the woman.Gopalakrishnan finds the culprit. Loose Gounder kidnaps him and his wife. Loose Gounder is killed by Gopalakrishnan's cow, the mother of the killed calf.
Sirithal Rasipen	1	Boopathy Pandian (M. S. Bhaskar) is a strict father who uses the whip abundantly on anyone who disobeys him. His wife Lakshmy (Lakshmy Ramakrishnan) is bedridden, he has two good-for-nothing sons Rama (Mayilsamy) and Krishna (Lollu Sabha Balaji), two daughters-in-law and two daughters. He is against love marriages since his own sister Eshwari (Kalpana) ran away with the sorcerer Vikramadithyan (Thyagu), who is now his arch-enemy. His younger daughter Divya (Sunu Lakshmi) is in love with Siddhu (Sathya), the son of the family manager (Manobala). The night, the lovers secretly meet without the authoritarian Boopathy Pandian knowing. Boopathy Pandian then suspects Vikramadithyan's son Purushothaman of stalking his daughter. When Boopathy Pandian warns Vikramadithyan to whip again him as he did when Vikramadithyan got married with his sister, Vikramadithyan swears that his son will marry his younger daughter Divya at any cost.One day, Boopathy Pandian finds out an unsigned love letter to Divya. Boopathy Pandian whips his daughter and suspects Purushothaman for writing it, but Purushothaman claims that he has never gone to school and he is an illiterate. Boopathy Pandian decides to hire rowdies to protect his daughter. Therefore, the four clumsy rowdies : Maaja (Mahanadi Shankar), Goda Govindan (Crane Manohar), Bruce Lee (Velmurugan) and Karadi (Bonda Mani) come to his house. Boopathy Pandian then learns that Siddhu is Divya's lover and feels betrayed by Siddhu for whom he had high regard. Thereafter, Boopathy Pandian meets his old friend Thangaraj (Shanmugarajan) and he accepts his daughter Divya to get married with Thangaraj's NRI son Rajendran (Kovai Babu). Later, Rajendran comes back home with his newly-wed wife. The greedy Thangaraj, who wants all Boopathy Pandian's wealth, drives his newly-wed daughter-in-law away and Rajendran accepts for the marriage. In the meantime, Boopathy Pandian's daughter Viji (Ansiba Hassan) elopes with the rowdy Maaja and they secretly get married.The day of the wedding, Purushothaman with his parents on one side and Siddhu with the four clumsy rowdies on the other decide to stop the wedding between Divya and the greedy Rajendran. Divya pleaded with her sisters and mother to let her get married with Siddhu. They accept and help her to elope with Siddhu. Later, Lakshmy convinces Purushothaman to forget Divya, therefore Purushothaman decides to help Divya and Siddhu but Boopathy Pandian, Thangaraj and Rajendran are hell bent on stopping this elopement. Boopathy Pandian then realises that Thangaraj and Rajendran tried to cheat him and cancels the wedding.Many months later, Divya is happily married to Siddhu and she is pregnant. Boopathy Pandian becomes a nice person and makes peace with Vikramadithyan.
The Four Musketeers	1	"During the Anglo-French War (1627–29), which involved suppression of the Protestant rebels of La Rochelle, Cardinal Richelieu continues the machinations he began in The Three Musketeers by ordering the Count de Rochefort to kidnap Constance Bonancieux, dressmaker to the Queen of France. The evil Milady de Winter, who wants revenge on junior musketeer d'Artagnan, seduces him to keep him occupied. He soon discovers her true nature, however, and also that she was once married to his fellow musketeer Athos, who had supposedly killed her after discovering that she was a branded criminal.The trio of musketeers — Athos, Porthos, and Aramis — rescue Constance from imprisonment in Rochefort's abode of Saint Cloud and take her to safety in the convent of Armentieres. De Winter sends d'Artagnan poisoned wine and a note intended to trick him into thinking that the trio have been imprisoned for drunkenness. On his way to bail them out, d'Artagnan is attacked by Rochefort and his men. The trio join the fight, and Rochefort flees. One of his men is captured and tortured for information, revealing that Richelieu is going to the Dovecote Inn near La Rochelle, but then drinks the poisoned wine and dies, revealing de Winter's trap. The trio then proceed to the inn where they spy on Richelieu. The Cardinal orders de Winter to threaten the Duke of Buckingham with exposure of his affair with the Queen, to discourage him from sending a relief force to aid the rebels; she is to kill the Duke if he does not comply. In return, de Winter asks for a warrant, so she can kill d'Artagnan and Constance. Richelieu reluctantly signs one, wording it in a way that leaves no evidence against himself: ""By my order and for the good of the state, the bearer has done what has been done.""After revealing himself to de Winter, Athos takes the death warrant from her and later tells d'Artagnan of the plot. D'Artagnan sends his servant Planchet to warn the Duke. In England, de Winter asks Buckingham not to help the rebels, but he refuses. De Winter tries to assassinate him, but she is captured. Buckingham has his servant Felton lock her away in the Tower of London, but she seduces Felton and convinces him that Buckingham is his enemy. Felton helps her to escape and return to France, then murders Buckingham before Planchet can warn him. Soon after, La Rochelle surrenders.Rochefort and de Winter are still intent on killing d'Artagnan and Constance. With a force of guards, they occupy the convent at Armentieres and battle all four musketeers when they arrive. While Rochefort and his men hold the musketeers at bay, de Winter strangles Constance. Athos captures de Winter; D'Artagnan duels Rochefort and apparently kills him with a lunge through the chest (though it is revealed in the sequel The Return of the Musketeers that he actually survived the wound). The four musketeers sentence de Winter to death by beheading, and they hire an executioner to carry out the punishment. Afterward, they are arrested by the Cardinal's guards.Richelieu charges d'Artagnan with murder for killing a valuable servant of the State, but d'Artagnan shows him the signed death warrant which, due to its ambiguous phrasing, appears to authorize d'Artagnan's actions. Utterly defeated and quite impressed at d'Artagnan's achievement, the Cardinal offers him a commission for either him or one of his three friends to become an officer. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis all reject it, and d'Artagnan is promoted to Lieutenant of the Musketeers."
23rd March 1931: Shaheed	0	Set in 1931, British India, the film tells the story of freedom fighters Bhagat Singh and Chandrashekhar Azad who have only one motive in mind: Freedom for India. They set about doing this task together with two other men, Sukhdev and Rajguru. Bhagat Singh is enraged when his mentor Lala Lajpatrai is mercilessly beaten to death by the police, and he sets about to avenge his death. He and his colleagues do succeed in killing one of the officials responsible, but they are identified and as a result Bhagat and Rajguru are arrested and held in prison where they are tortured relentlessly.When produced in court, they dramatically admit to the killing and claim that it was done in the name of Freedom. The judge and the public prosecutor do not see it that their way and they are sentenced to life in prison. Bhagat's mother, Vidya, comes to meet him in prison, and he goes to greet her, shackled in chains from head to toe, and he foretells that India will continue to suffer, even after Independence from the British, and that he will return in another birth to free his motherland. Subsequently, all three are charged with treason and assassination and are sentenced to death.
Free Willy 3: The Rescue	2	"Jesse is sixteen years old and works as an orca-researcher on a research ship called the Noah alongside his old friend Randolph and moved away from Glen and Annie who were promised by Randolph to keep Jesse out of trouble. They suspect that Willy and his pod are being illegally hunted by whalers posing as commercial fishermen. Aboard just such a ship, the Botany Bay, Max Wesley, who is ten years old, takes his first trip to sea with his father, John, a whaler from a long line of whalers, and learns the true unlawful nature of the family business. During his first hunt, Max is thrown overboard and comes face to face with Willy. From this point on, Max is working against his own father, teaming with Jesse and Randolph to save Willy from becoming $200-per-pound sushi. Jesse introduces Max to Willy properly after learning of Max's experience and how Max likes whales. Jesse goes to his and Randolph's head boss about the threat to the whales, but he refuses to take action until Jesse manages to get proof with help from Max.Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal a sample of the spear guns that are used to shoot the whales, and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy and his pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy, who won't realize that it's not Jesse until it's too late. Jesse's boss plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph and one of their fellow researchers, Drew, steal the Noah research boat from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. Max manages to buy them a little time by jumping into the water and forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a ""man overboard"" rescue for Max, which gives Jesse and his two companions enough time to catch up. John is angry because he learns that his son isn't on his side and believes that Max tried to sabotage the engine (Jesse had actually been the one who did this), but it doesn't stop him.Jesse, Randolph and Drew use a flare gun and their boat's P.A. system to try to bluff the whalers into stopping, but when it doesn't work, Jesse rams the Botany Bay with the Noah just as they fire a harpoon, the jolt causing the harpoon to miss Willy and knocking John into the water. Willy tries to kill him, biting at him, but Jesse and Max manage to convince Willy to spare him. Max's father then gets trapped under a net and nearly drowns as the net drags him down, and ultimately comes face to face with Willy himself. This time, Willy, instead of killing him, saves him by pushing him to the surface and holding him there long enough for Jesse and Randolph to rescue him. The Marine Patrol arrive, having been summoned on the radio by Jesse before he rammed the Botany Bay, and catch the whalers (who are stunned by Willy rescuing their boss) in the act and arrest them. Being saved by Willy causes John to realize that he was wrong about the whales, and he apologizes to Max. John is not sure where to go from here as his whole life has been about whaling, but Max tells him he is his father and forgives him.Later, Jesse, Randolph, Drew and Max witness the birth of Willy's son (the mother is an orca named ""Nikki"") and Jesse decides to name him Max when given the choice. The film ends with the two whales, their calf, and the rest of the pod swimming away out to the open sea."
Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam	1	"Geeta (Tamannaah) 18 grows up in a village, under the shade of her doting father Subramanyam (Nassar) 51 who takes care of everything for her and she is equally attached to him. She comes to Hyderabad for higher studies and stays at her uncle, Gachibowli Diwakar's (Brahmanandam)47 house. There she meets with Siddharth/Siddhu (Siddharth)20, friend of her cousin. Eventually they grow close and fall in love.Though Siddhu was a playful, carefree young chap, he has problems at his home as his parents are divorced. He reveals that to Geeta and tells her that he is coming to her village to meet his father. There he asks Geeta's hand in marriage but Subramanyam doesn't agree. He says that he couldn't marry his daughter to a person whose parents are divorced. He wants to give his daughter in a big family but at least he wants his parents to be together. Siddhhu asks him whether he would agree to marriage if his parents reunite and Subramanyam agrees to that.From then on start the efforts and trials of both Siddhu and Geetha to get Prakash (Prakash Raj) 47 and Rajyalakshmi (Ramya Krishna)43 together. One night, when Prakash is driving Siddhu to his mother's home, they talk about when his parents separated. His father understands his feelings and what he's trying to say, and his father answers ""that he couldn't have done anything,his mother just left him."" To this Siddhu answers, ""No, you should have gone after her. You should have never let her go."" Even after this talk with Prakash, Geeta and Siddhu have lots of failures, but eventually Siddhu unites his parents together and Geeta's father, Subramanyam, also unites the other lovers, Geeta and Siddhu in this fun loving family movie. They marry in Tirupati Tirumala Venkateswara Temple and delivers 2 babies."
Love Camp 7	0	The movie follows two female American officers (played by Maria Lease and Kathy Williams) who volunteer to enter a Nazi camp undercover to gain information from, and possibly rescue, an inmate. The camp's female inmates serve as prostitutes for German officers and are subjected to humiliating treatment, torture, and rape. When the two female agents learn that their target is being held in solitary detention, one of them arranges to be punished so that she can make contact. This leads to Lt. Harman (Lease) being stripped and strung up by her wrists. The target uses her body to free Harman and they attempt their escape. The escape plan ends in a climactic battle. The movie shows female full frontal nudity for a majority of the film.
CID Shankar	1	The film start had in its title sequence in which a politician is killed by a suicide bomber who explodes her explosive belt. C. I. D. Shankar and his assistant Raju (Thengai Srinivasan) is deputed to the Nilgiris to investigate a case of mysterious murder. C. I. D. Ashokan (Pakkirisamy) also stay for the town, who pose at research of herbal, his close relation of lover's club dancer Reeta (Jayakumari). Ashokan finds all truth and he goes to Nagamalai estate, where he gives lift to a young girl who explodes her belt. Ashokan gives diary and locker key to Vithya (Sakunthala) who saves his life and admits him in the hospital. But unfortuneately Ashokan was killed by the mysterious gang in hospital. Vithya gives the things to Shankar and both fall in love. Raju falls in love with actress Rama (Kumari Radha), who also stays in the same hotel. Shankar meet Reeta and asks her to help him. She gives information to his assistant Raju and later on she is killed by the same mysterious gang. Vithya asks help from her brother Sundaram (Vennira Aadai Moorthy) for the herbal details. Sundaram meets his friend Boopathy (R. S. Manohar). Shankar was introduced to Boopathy by himself as herbel researcher who gives the helpful information of the drug detail. Some particular herb grows at Nagamalai Estate inside the forest named by black forest, that herbal name was Arome was produced by drug. The drug was injected to human body, who goes to hipnatis and affect to constpution, they person are used for the gang illegal works. Boopathy was receives Shankar and Vithya and her brother Sundaram are goes to the forest. Their realising Boopathy also one of the member of the mysterious gang and their meets to the gang leader and their hidden secret place. Shankar discovers to the murder are being, committed by a terrorist gang, who are embarking on a secret movement will CID Shankar he able to accomplish his mission. Finally, Shankar against gun fighting to the gang, and this shooting Boopathy was died for saved Vithya life.
That's My Mommy	0	"A mother duck is sleeping on her nest of eggs, but one of the egg suddenly rolls from the nest and begins to hatch. The duckling, Quacker, slips under a sleeping Tom outside and hatches underneath him, causing Quacker to assume Tom as his mother. While the duckling snuggles next to his ""mommy"", Tom places two sticks across a fire and ties Quacker to another stick, intending to spit-roast him. Jerry walks in, and horrified by the sight, rescues Quacker by placing Tom's tail on the rotisserie.Jerry unties Quacker, but Quacker mistakes him for a kidnapper and cries for Tom's help. After Quacker runs back to Tom for comfort, Tom decides to inherit his mistaken role to keep a hold of the duckling and try to eat him. Quacker is watching Tom make pastry in the kitchen, which Tom uses as an oven bed for the duckling. After Tom closes the oven, Jerry smacks him with a broomstick and knocks him unconscious with the oven door. Jerry grabs Quacker, but the duckling once again fights him off and runs back to Tom, reviving him with water. The now conscious Tom angrily grabs Quacker, but Quacker kisses him and calls him a ""nice mommy"". Tom then makes ""Stuffed Roast Duckling"", giving Quacker a giant bowl of pudding to eat to make him stuffed.Tom then places Quacker back in the oven next to vegetables, but Jerry comes to the rescue and uses a can opener to cut the door open. Quacker promptly starts throwing the vegetables at Jerry. Jerry carries the angry duckling into his mousehole to explain that Tom is not his mother, but Quacker stubbornly refuses to believe him, slamming the book shut onto Jerry before running away. When Tom notices Jerry chasing after Quacker, he traps the mouse in a jar, ties it shut with string and then throws it down a well. Still determined to eat Quacker, Tom then makes ""Stewed Duck"". Quacker then grabs the spoon off him, wanting to give him a rest, but then sees that a duckling is part of the recipe and finally realizes that Jerry is right: Tom is not his mother and wants to eat him.Deeply saddened, Quacker voluntarily prepares to jump into the pot to cook himself and make his ""mommy"" happy, telling Tom that he loves him. However, Tom has a change of heart and saves Quacker by grabbing him mid-air. Feeling guilty after the duckling's love towards him, Tom hugs Quacker and literally cries rivers of tears. Jerry manages to escape from the jar and return to the house, but then is stunned when he looks outside, seeing Tom and Quacker swimming across the nearby duck pond, with Tom having adopted the duckling as his own child. As a cartoon ends, the pleased duckling exclaims to Jerry: ""That's my mommy!""."
After Tonight	1	"With the outbreak of World War I, a young woman (Constance Bennett) is unable to purchase a train ticket from Luxembourg to Austria. However, Rudolph ""Rudy"" Ritter (Gilbert Roland) is attracted to her and gets her aboard a train to Bern, Switzerland. Later, when the train is stopped short of their destination, she slips away while he goes in search of a car. He does not even know her name.Rudy turns out to be a captain in the Austrian Ministry of War assigned to deal with Russian spies, particularly the very successful K-14. He gets a lead when a secret message is intercepted; it contains information about a newly improved flamethrower. Rudy is assigned to Major Lieber (Edward Ellis), the man in charge of the unit developing the weapon.Rudy is delighted when Lieber introduces him to nurse Karen Schöntag, his former traveling companion. Rudy sees Karen every night, and the pair fall in love. However, Karen is actually K-14. She narrowly escapes being caught by Rudy and his men, then is brought in for questioning when she goes to a certain staircase that Rudy knows is being used by the Russians to transfer messages. Rudy refuses to believe she is a spy and does not even search her. Major Lieber, however, notices something odd about one of the books she had with her; one page has been freshly torn out (the one with an invisible message).Faced with the mounting evidence, Rudy sets a trap. He has Russian-speaking Private Muller sent to K-14's hospital masquerading as a prisoner of war. Muller gives K-14 the Russian recognition signal (two circles) and passes her a message, ordering her to meet an agent at a deserted house at nine o'clock that night. K-14 is suspicious, but feels she must go. Her contact insists on taking her there. After she incriminates herself to ""Russian"" agent Lehan (Mischa Auer), Rudy is forced to arrest her. Fortunately, K-14's associate shoots Rudy and knocks out Lehan. He has to drag K-14 away from the wounded Rudy, who also urges her to flee.After the war ends, the two meet by chance at a Swiss train station. This time, Rudy does not let her get away."
Judaai	2	"When Kajal (Sridevi) marries Raaj (Anil Kapoor), an Engineer by profession, she and her dad (Kader Khan), automatically assume that he is rich, wealthy, and corrupt. Her father is very happy that his daughter does not have any in-laws, and that she'll get to rule the roost in her new house. But that is not the case. Raaj does not have an air-conditioner, a car, not even a refrigerator. This infuriates Kajal, and in her mind she creates a separate world, where she is rich, wealthy, has several cars, and lives lavishly in a big bungalow. Even the birth of two children (a young son and a little daughter) and several years of marriage do not change her. An example of this occurs when Kajal meets her old friend Nisha (Poonam Dhillon), who Kajal feeds a pack of lies that her husband is a business magnate, her family owns several cars, lives in a big bungalow, but Nisha, who is more wealthy than Kajal offers to give her a lift from the car only for Kajal to hear lots of lies about the directions to Nisha's house. Kajal is exposed when the bungalow she points out as her own turns out to be Nisha's. Friends of Kajal explain to her that no matter how little you have, your house is your home. When Jahnvi (Urmila Matondkar) Raaj's boss Sahni's (Saeed Jaffrey) niece comes from overseas, she meets Raj at the airport and assumes he is the car driver. After she behaves rudely with him, he sends her home alone, not caring what his boss would say about that. Jahnvi reaches the office well in time and praises Raj's attitude, but when she learns that he's an engineer working for her uncle's construction company, she apologises to him. Sahni introduces Jahnvi to Vikram Khanna, a handsome young guy, who is his business partner. Vikram observes Jahnvi and likes the young, naturally vivacious girl. She almost dreams of marrying her. They both become friends. One day, Vikram and Jahnvi go to see Jahnvi's guest house, at the new property. Sahni gets worried as the weather is getting bad; both have not returned till evening. As Raj is about to leave from the office for the farmhouse so that Jahnvi will be safe, Vikram asks Jahnvi for marriage very casually. But Jahnvi says that she doesn't find him special enough to be her choice and rejects his advances. Vikram then tries to get physical with her forcefully, but Jahnvi slaps him. Angered by the slap, Vikram throws her on the bed and forcibly tries to get intimate with her. But Raj arrives in the nick of time and saves Jahnvi. Vikram threatens him with the loss of his job, but he doesn't care. Jahnvi remembers how earlier, Raj had rejected a job and an apartment offer from a rival company due to Mr. Sahni's help. She starts liking Raj from that moment and falls in love with him thereafter. When she learns that he is a married man, she is adamant on getting married to Raj. After meeting the greedy Kajal inside the city's Ganesh temple, Jahnvi offers two crore rupees in exchange for marriage to Raj. Then Kajal, seeing this as her opportunity to gain wealth and an easy life, she suddenly accepts her proposal, not knowing that she is making a big mistake and this decision will change her life forever. Kajal forces Raaj into the agreement and gets a reluctant Raj and Jahnvi married and divorces Raj herself, to comply with the Hindu Marriage Act; thinking that she and Jahnvi will happily live together and share Raj.She then uses the money she got in the bargain to buy a huge mansion and cars. Ironically, the bungalow she buys ends up being that of Nisha. She briefly returns to her old home to collect a picture of her husband. Kajal then proceeds to taunt her that she has fulfilled her dreams, whereas Nisha's dreams are now shattered having lost everything. Nisha reminds Kajal that she sold her house and possessions to pay for the treatment of her ill husband, whereas Kajal has sold her husband for riches; and that to some extent, Kajal is all the poorer for that. Kajal moulds herself like the page 3 socialites and this leads to Kajal neglecting her family. Raj initially feels rejected by Kajal and does not get close to Jahnvi, feeling objectified at the thought of being bought and sold between his two wives. But the children and Raj find companionship with Jahnvi, who showers them with love and affection. She changes herself and becomes a typical middle class type Indian housewife. She gets up early, does pooja and then cooks tasty food for her family. She does not mind tiring herself all day learning new dishes and rituals as she finds solace in this quiet, peaceful life. She even travels happily in crowded buses and autos so as to make Raaj and the kids feel secure and happy around her. She abandons all the luxury and comforts she grew up with. The children call Jahnvi ""Maa"", something that Kajal would previously reprimand her children for calling her; insisting that they call her ""Mummy"" as this sounded high society.Now Kajal realises how far she has drifted from her family. She forgets her wedding anniversary and throws a birthday party for her daughter's birthday, not realising that Raj has never been attracted to a lavish lifestyle and thus further pushing him away from her and towards Jahnvi. After frequent reminders from her mother, Kajal tries to make amends. When nothing works, Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Jahnvi and accuses her of stealing her husband and tries to make Jahnvi leave. Kajal offers Jahnvi all her money back in exchange for Raj again, only to be told by Raj that she is the poorest relation despite having all the riches she ever dreamed of. On advice of her friend, Kajal seeks legal advice which also states that the only way she can legally marry Raj is to get Jahnvi and Raj to divorce – an impossible task. She then forcibly tries to throw Jahnvi out of the house, but to no avail, as Raj decides to leave with Jahnvi claiming that in the present circumstances, this is the fairest thing to do. The kids decide to stay with Janhvi and their father – heartbroken as they learn that their father was sold, prompting the son to ask his mother Kajal about the prospect of them being sold to another family at an agreed price.Kajal on the other hand, disraught by her family abandoning her, donates all her riches, in order to pay her dues. When she learns that Raj and the kids are leaving for the US, she runs to the airport for one final visit. She finds them ready to depart. But in a last minute twist in the plot, Jahnvi turns to Raj and tells them that she is leaving for the US alone, but she is not literally alone. She is expecting Raj's child. Jahnvi accepts that although Kajal sold her husband, it was her who offered to buy him and thus she too should pay her dues. So, the movie ends with Kajal getting her family back, learning of the importance of family over money and Jahnvi leaving for New York forever."
Madadgaar	0	After a criminal friend uses him as a pawn in a gold smuggling scheme, honest and hardworking Anand (Jeetendra) bravely reports the crime, thus foiling the criminal plan. His bravery attracts the attention of Sunita (Sulakshana Pandit), the daughter of a wealthy industrialist, Sohanlal. The two fall in love, but Sohanlal disapproves of their alliance as Anand is a poor truck driver. Sunita chooses Anand over her father and this causes Sohanlal to suffer a heart attack. Gupta (Madan Puri), the legal advisor of Sohanlal takes full advantage of this situation to usurp Sohanlal's wealth. He along with an ex-convict, Raj (Ranjeet), sends Sohanlal to America for medical treatment, while on the other hand, he plans the killing of Sunita. Anand and Sunita must overcome the objections of Sunita's father, as well as the dangerous machinations of the devious Gupta and his thuggish henchman, Raj.
Meet Maxwell Archer	0	Maxwell Archer, a private detective, attempts to clear a young man wrongly accused of murder.
When I Fall in Love... with Both	0	This feminist Hong Kong film comprises three separate stories telling of the predicament of modern women when they have more than one choice of a partner. In Singapore, Fann Wong is a reporter who falls for a shy baker (Peter Ho Yun-Tung) while she’s seeing her suave co-worker (James Lye). Meanwhile, in Hong Kong, Theresa Lee is about to marry, but falls for her fiancé's twin brother (the two are played by twins James Chan and Sean Chan). And finally, in Macau, Michelle Reis is stuck between Alex Fong and David Wu, though not in the same way the other two women are.
The Man Who Made Diamonds	0	A professor invents a way of manufacturing diamonds.
The Trouble with Harry	1	"The quirky but down-to-earth residents of the small hamlet of Highwater, Vermont, are faced with the freshly dead body of Harry Worp (Philip Truex), which has inconveniently appeared on the hillside above the town. The problem of who the person is, who was responsible for his sudden death, and what should be done with the body is ""the trouble with Harry.""Captain Wiles (Edmund Gwenn) is sure that he killed the man with a stray shot from his rifle while hunting, until it is shown he actually shot a rabbit. Jennifer Rogers (Shirley MacLaine), Harry's estranged wife, believes she killed Harry because she hit him hard with a milk bottle. Miss Gravely (Mildred Natwick) is certain that the man died after a blow from the heel of her hiking boot when he lunged at her out of the bushes (still reeling from the blow received at the hands of Jennifer). Sam Marlowe (John Forsythe), an attractive and nonconformist artist, is open-minded about the whole event, and is prepared to help his friends and neighbors in any way he can. In any case, no one is upset at all about Harry's death.However, they all are hoping that the body will not come to the attention of ""the authorities"" in the form of cold, humorless Deputy Sheriff Calvin Wiggs (Royal Dano), who earns his living per arrest. The Captain, Jennifer, Miss Gravely and Sam bury the body and then dig it up again several times throughout the day. They then hide the body in a bathtub before finally putting it back on the hill where it first appeared, in order to make it appear as if it was just discovered.Finally it is learned that Harry died of natural causes; no foul play at all was involved. In the meantime, Sam and Jennifer have fallen in love and wish to marry, and the Captain and Miss Gravely have also become a couple. Sam has been able to sell all his paintings to a passing millionaire, although Sam refuses to accept money, and instead requests a few simple gifts for his friends and himself."
Lost and Delirious	1	"Mary is a new student at the all girls' boarding school, and dorms with Paulie and Victoria. In an effort to get the shy Mary to break out of her shell, Paulie and Tori involve her in their activities, such as running in the mornings. When they hear that Mary's mother has died, Paulie nicknames her ""Mary Brave.""Mary observes the intimacy between her two dormmates. Peering out a window at night, she sees them kissing on a roof. Paulie and Tori's relationship is close and Paulie is full of life. At one point she turns a quiet afternoon on the campus into a music-blasting dance party and spikes the punch. In another moment, she defends Victoria from a frustrated math teacher who humiliates her when she does not understand basic math.When the three are running one day, Paulie comes across a hurt falcon, which she befriends. After reading up on falcons, she trains the animal. While she is tending to the falcon, Mary and Tori come across some boys from the nearby boys school. One flirts with Tori, asking if she will be attending her brother's 18th birthday party and making it clear that he likes her. When Mary and Tori are alone, Tori expresses disgust at the boy's interest in her, saying, ""He liked my tits."" When Mary asks if she'll go to the party, Tori says, ""And have all those gross guys groping me? I'd rather stay home.""Over time, Paulie and Tori become more comfortable showing affection in front of Mary. It progresses from a quick kiss on the lips in front of her, to the two sharing a bed while Mary is sleeping.One morning, Victoria's sister and friends rush into the room to wake up the older girls. Paulie is lying in Tori's bed, and it is clear that the two are topless. Horrified silence falls over everyone.Mary pushes Tori's sister out of the room and closes the door. Tori angrily tells Paulie to get out of her bed. When confronted by her sister, she tries to extinguish her sister's suspicions by telling her Paulie has an unrequited crush on her and crawled into her bed. Her sister promises to ""fix"" the rumors about Tori and not tell their parents anything. As she walks away from this conversation, Victoria collapses into tears.In the library, Victoria explains to Mary that her family, her parents and her sister, are strongly homophobic, and she must stop the relationship to prevent their rejection. Mary sympathizes with both of her friends, as she too feels rejected by her father, who does not bother to show up to a father/daughter dance. The break up is not clean however. Paulie degenerates into psychotic abusive behavior, like destroying a mirror and thrashing a dish cart to the floor. A rejection letter from the agency that handled Paulies adoption, which says that her birth mother denied a request from Paulie to get in touch, further sends her over the edge. Meanwhile, Victoria dates the guy she met from the boys school and hardly speaks to Paulie.Victoria has sex with her boyfriend, which prompts Paulie to declare a duel with him. After she kicks his leg, during a fencing match, throwing him to the ground, she demands that he give up her queen. When he brushes her off, she stabs her sword into his leg. Mary rushes to stop her. Paulie then runs off. Mary runs to Victoria's soccer match, which is being watched by the principal and the main teacher. Just after reaching the group, Mary sees Paulie, sobbing from the top of a building. Crying out for her beloved, she jumps to her death."
The Joy Luck Club	2	"The Joy Luck Club was formed by four women in San Francisco: Lindo Jong (Tsai Chin), Ying-Ying St. Clair (France Nuyen), An-Mei Hsu (Lisa Lu), and Suyuan Woo (Kieu Chinh). The members have mainly played mahjong and told each other's stories over the years. They emigrated from their native country, China, remarried, and gave birth to children in America. Suyuan's daughter June (Ming-Na Wen) replaced her when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. The mothers have high hopes for their daughters' success, but the daughters struggle through ""anxieties, feelings of inadequacy, and failures."" Throughout the film, the mothers and daughters bond by learning to understand each other and by overcoming their conflicts.[2]The film begins with June's prologue tale. In the prologue, a woman (presumably Suyuan) bought a swan in China from a market vendor who was selling it as ""a duck that stretched its neck [to become] a goose."" She kept it as her pet and brought it to the United States. When the immigration officials took it away from her, she plucked out only a swan feather instead while she struggled to grab the swan away. For a long time, the woman had kept the feather, planning to someday give the feather to her daughter.Then the film transits to June's farewell surprise party in San Francisco for her upcoming reunion with her long-lost twin sisters in China. Among the guests are members of The Joy Luck Club, their daughters, other relatives, and friends. The following characters below narrate their journeys to the audience while they reflect upon their pasts.In China, four-year-old Lindo (Ying Wu) is arranged, by her mother (Xi Meijuan) and the matchmaker (Hsu Ying Li), to be married to Mrs. Huang's son when she grows up. When Lindo turns fifteen (Irene Ng), her mother sends her to Mrs. Huang, so Lindo marries Huang's son, Tyan Hu (William Gong), a pre-pubescent boy who has no interest in her. During four years of childless and loveless marriage, she is frequently abused by her frustrated mother-in-law, who believes Lindo's childlessness is her own fault. Lindo eavesdrops on the servant girl telling her lover that she is pregnant and he willfully abandons her. Lindo realizes her chance to leave the marriage without dishonoring herself, her family and her in-laws. Later, Lindo purportedly ruins her clothes and then claims that she had a nightmare in which Tyan Hu's ancestors threatened to punish her, Tyan Hu and the matchmaker. Then Lindo claims that the ancestors impregnated the servant girl with Tyan Hu's child and her own marriage to him is considered offensive to them. Mrs. Huang does not believe Lindo until Mrs. Huang quickly discovers the servant's pregnancy through inspection. Finally, Lindo claims that the matchmaker intentionally and wrongly paired Lindo and Tyan Hu for more money. Furious, Mrs. Huang orders the matchmaker out of her family's life, allowing the servant girl to have her marriage. Lindo is able to escape the house and moves to Shanghai.Years later in America, Lindo has a new husband, a son, and a daughter named Waverly (Tamlyn Tomita). Aged between six and nine, Waverly (Mai Vu) has become a chess champion. Annoyed by Lindo using Waverly to ""show off"" at the streets, Waverly shouts at her mother and decides to quit chess. When she tries to play it again, Waverly loses one chess round, prompting her to retire from chess. Years later, she has a daughter Shoshana from her Chinese ex-husband and is going to marry a Caucasian fiancé, Rich (Christopher Rich), much to Lindo's chagrin. In order to make Lindo like Rich, Waverly brings him to a family dinner, but he fails to impress them especially by improperly using chopsticks and insulting Lindo's cooking by marinating the dish with a sauce, humiliating Waverly. While driving home, Waverly lets Rich know how humiliated she and her family are with him, prompting him to properly learn the Chinese table manners. A while later, at the hair salon, Lindo retells her moments with her own mother and declares that she likes Rich very much. She then gives marital blessings to Waverly and Rich, prompting her and Waverly to reconcile with each other. At June's farewell party, Rich almost successfully uses a chopstick (but accidentally drops a piece), impressing Lindo by trying to respect the Chinese table manners.In China, Ying-Ying St. Clair was happily married to Lin-Xiao (Russell Wong) with a baby boy in China until Lin-Xiao abuses her and abandons her for an opera singer. Overcome by her depression, Ying-Ying drowns her baby son in the bathtub, which leaves her distraught afterwards because she feels that if she had killed Lin-Xiao earlier, she would not have lost ""the thing that mattered the most."" Years after she immigrated to America, she has suffered from trauma and has been haunted by her past, worrying her new family, including her daughter Lena (Lauren Tom).After Ying-Ying finally resolved her years of trauma, Lena shows Ying-Ying around her new apartment with her husband Harold (Michael Paul Chan), who is also Lena's boss. Ying-Ying learns that Lena is uncomfortable with her financial arrangements with Harold. They split the costs of their life evenly with a list of things that they share, making their home life contentious. Seeing that Lena is unhappy with her marriage, Ying-Ying reasserts herself by knocking over a table in the bedroom and causing the vase to fall from the table and break. Hearing the sudden noise, Lena goes to her mother and admits her unhappiness. Ying-Ying replies that Lena should leave and not come back until Harold gives her what she wants. At June's farewell party, Lena is shown to have a new vibrant fiancé, who has given Lena what she wants and is accepting of Ying-Ying.Nine-year-old An-Mei Hsu (Yi Ding) has been raised with her relatives and grandmother. She is reunited with her long-lost mother (Vivian Wu), who was disowned by her family for her ""dalliance"" with a wealthy middle-aged man Wu-Tsing shortly after her husband's death, and who arrives to see her dying mother (Lucille Soong). In order to not lose her again, An-Mei moves out with her mother to Wu-Tsing's house against her relatives' wishes for her to remain with them. They claim that in allowing An-Mei live with her and Wu-Tsing, the mother will ruin her future. She finds that Wu-Tsing has another three wives, making An-Mei's mother the Fourth Wife. Later, she learns that the Second Wife (Elizabeth Sung) tricked An-Mei's mother into being raped and impregnated by Wu-Tsing. When the relatives did not believe An-Mei's mother and kicked her out, she reluctantly became Wu-Tsing's Fourth Wife as she had nowhere else to turn. After An-Mei's mother gave birth to a boy, the Second Wife took him away from her and claimed him as her own. After An-Mei discovers the past, her mother ultimately commits suicide by eating ""sticky rice balls"" laced with opium, choosing the day of her death carefully to threaten Wu-Tsing with the vengeance of her angry ghost. Afraid of this curse, Wu-Tsing vows to raise An-Mei and her half-brother with great care and promises to honor their mother as an honorable first wife. When Second Wife tries to pay respects to An-Mei's late mother, An-Mei screams at the Second Wife, destroys the Second Wife's faux pearl necklace (the Second Wife initially tried to win An-Mei over with a similar necklace), and loudly yells out ""Mama!""Years later in America, An-Mei's daughter Rose (Rosalind Chao) has been dating her boyfriend, Ted Jordan (Andrew McCarthy) since college. Ted is initially attracted to Rose's assertive, forthright nature. When he confronts his aristocratic mother (Diane Baker) for insulting Rose due to her race, Rose is impressed and agrees to marry him. Over the course of their marriage, however, Rose and Ted become distant from each other, mainly because Rose, desperate to prove herself to Ted's milieu, becomes submissive and demure at the cost of her own identity and interests. They have a daughter, Jennifer, but this does not resolve their marital problems. To make matters worse, Ted cheats on her with another woman and neither are actually happy in their marriage. A while later, An-Mei comes for a visit and relays the story of her own mother's fate to Rose. She encourages Rose to stand up for herself and Jennifer against Ted, or nothing will change. To avoid the same fate, Rose reclaims her strength and stands up to Ted by telling him to leave the house and not take their daughter away from her. This compels Ted to take her seriously and not continue taking her for granted. At June's farewell party, it is revealed the couple have reconciled.In World War II, when the Japanese invaded China, Suyuan Woo escaped the invasion with her twin baby daughters. When Suyuan became ill during her quest for refuge, her cart breaks down, causing the babies to fall. Near death, Suyuan was unable to carry the babies herself and abandoned them along with all of her other possessions, including a photo of herself. Suyuan survived, but was haunted by guilt in the loss of her daughters and never knew what happened to them.After she remarried in America, Suyuan has high hopes for her new daughter June, but June constantly fails to meet her expectations out of a lack of interest. She performs badly during a piano recital at age nine (Melanie Chang), and when Suyuan pushes her to continue training to be a concert pianist, June refuses, saying that she wishes herself dead like Suyuan's other daughters, an action that offends Suyuan. When June grows into adulthood, at a dinner party a year before Suyuan's passing, Waverly, June's long-time rival whom she is freelancing for, turns down her business ideas, and Suyuan remarks that Waverly and June are not alike, and that style is something one's born with and cannot be taught implying Waverly has style. June feels humiliated, believing her mother had betrayed her for being a failure in her eyes, and Lindo shows sympathy for June. The following day, June berates Suyuan for her remarks and admits she could never live up to her high expectations. June laments that Suyuan has always been disappointed in June because June dropped out of college, is not married, and has an unsuccessful career. However, Suyuan gives her a jade necklace and assures June that she is the one who has the unteachable style and that while Waverly was the best in competitions, June always had the best heart, which made her mother prouder than she would have been otherwise.Last Easter before the farewell party, June received the news from the Club that the long-lost twins were alive. When June could not understand the twins' letter written in Chinese, Lindo purportedly mistranslated the letter to make June believe that the twins knew about Suyuan's death and their long-lost half-sister June. Back to the present, when the farewell party ends, Lindo confesses that she wrote letters to the twins and then signed Suyuan's name. June begs Lindo to tell them the truth, but Lindo tells her that it is too late because the twin sisters are anticipating their mother, Suyuan, still believing that Suyuan is alive. A short while later, June's father (Chao-Li Chi) retells the war story of Suyuan and her long-lost twin daughters. Then he gives her the swan feather, which came from Suyuan's—the woman's—swan as explained earlier in the prologue, saying that the feather looks worthless but has ""good intentions."" When she arrives in China to meet her sisters, June tells them the truth about Suyuan and embraces them. In finally accepting her Chinese heritage, June is able to make peace with her deceased mother."
Sundari Neeyum Sundaran Naanum	1	Subramani (Pandiarajan) is an owner of a small video rental store and a wedding cameraman, he lives with his widow mother (Manorama). Each time, Subramani does something good, he ends up getting in trouble for it.The henpecked Panneerselvam (Anu Mohan) and the arrogant Mangamma (Sathyapriya) have three daughters : Anuja (Anuja) who is married to a jobless man (Senthil), the childish Hamsaveni (Anitha) and Krishnaveni (Easwari Rao). Mangamma only likes Krishnaveni and relies heavily on her. Panneerselvam asks Subramani on to romance his daughter Krishnaveni. Subramani agrees and tries to seduce the college student Krishnaveni. Krishnaveni then falls in love with him. When Mangamma comes to know about their love affair, she sends henchmen to beat him up but Subramani easily beats all of them. Mangamma has no option but to lock Krishnaveni in her room and hires a private teacher for a daughter. Subramani's friend Perumal (Charle) enters their home as a teacher and he falls in love with Hamsaveni. Panneerselvam is none other than Subramani's maternal uncle, Panneerselvam explains to Subramani that he wants Subramani to marry his daughter to reconcile with his sister : Subramani's mother.In the past, after the death of Subramani's father, Panneerselvam brought his sister and his nephew Subramani at home. Mangamma wanted throw them out of their home, so she tried to poison Subramani. Panneerselvam saved him, Subramani's mother and Subramani left the house on the post.In the meantime, the fraud Sivaramakrishnan (Ranjith) is blackmailing Panneerselvam who had a secret affair with his sister. Sivaramakrishnan then enters in Panneerselvam's home as a rich man and he tries to impress Mangamma for getting married with her daughter Krishnaveni. But Subramani and Panneerselvam try many tricks to wreck Sivaramakrishnan's malicious plan. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Ab Insaf Hoga	0	The film deals with a woman's (Rekha) fight against corruption. She has always a strong support in her friend (Mithun).
The Adventurers	0	As the Boer War finalises a South African soldier hides a cache of diamonds he finds on a body. He returns to the town he left three years earlier where his girl has married a disgraced English officer. Needing funds to get back to pick up the diamonds the Boer enlists the help of a fellow soldier as well as the Englishman and a local hotel keeper.[2]
The Naked Runner	1	Sam Laker (Sinatra) is a former World War II Office of Strategic Services (OSS) operative who is recruited by his former commanding officer to do a mission whilst he attends a business conference in Leipzig. To ensure his cooperation, his son is kidnapped.
Immortal Sergeant	1	In North Africa, experienced Sergeant Kelly (Thomas Mitchell) leads out a British patrol, accompanied by Corporal Colin Spence (Henry Fonda), an unassertive Canadian. When they are attacked by Italian airplanes, they manage to shoot one down, but it crashes on one of their vehicles, killing eight men. Later, Kelly leads the six survivors on an attack of an Italian armored car, but is seriously wounded. He orders Spence to leave him behind; when Spence refuses to obey, he shoots himself.Spence leads the remaining three men towards an oasis. Before they can reach it though, a transport plane lands and disgorges German soldiers who set up a base. After sneaking in to steal badly needed food and water, Spence has to assert his leadership when one of his men advocates surrendering. Instead, Spence leads them in a surprise attack under the cover of a sandstorm. The British emerge victorious, though one man is killed and Spence is wounded.The corporal comes to in a Cairo hospital and finds he is to be given a medal and promoted to lieutenant. His newfound assertiveness extends to his personal life. He proposes to his girlfriend Valentine (Maureen O'Hara), whom he had thought of (in flashbacks) throughout his ordeal.
The Guest	1	"Spencer and Laura Peterson with their children Luke and Anna are coping with the loss of their eldest son, Caleb, to the war in Afghanistan. They are visited by David Collins, a former army Sergeant and Caleb's best friend. He announces to the family his reason of visit; to help Caleb take care of the family. David is polite, warm and friendly toward the family, and Laura offers to let him stay as long as he needs to.David hears of Spencer's troubles at work and sees Luke return home with a mark on his face, caused by a gang of jock bullies in school. The next day, with Luke's help, David follows the bullying jock gang that attacked Luke to a bar, and humiliates them in a confrontation which erupts into a fight that injures all the bullies. He then uses his knowledge of the law, as well as a bribe, to convince the bartender not to tell anyone. David then goes to a party with a reluctant Anna, where he makes a good impression with her friends. He later saves her friend Kristen from her ex-boyfriend and then has sex with her, and also inquires about where to buy guns from Anna's friend Craig. On their way home, Anna offers to make David a mix CD.David gives Luke some advice on dealing with bullies and gives him his butterfly knife. He meets Craig and his friend to buy the gun, but then kills them both and takes all the weapons, including two grenades. An increasingly suspicious Anna calls the military base to ask about David. The call alerts a private corporation headed by Major Carver, who assembles a special forces team and heads to the Peterson's house. Anna is told that David had presumably died a week earlier. She then learns that Craig was killed and her boyfriend Zeke has been blamed for it. It is revealed that Spencer's boss died under mysterious circumstances, giving him the promotion he always wanted. Anna asks Luke to research the numbers David has called on his phone.At school, one of the bullies assaults Luke again, and he retaliates, injuring the bully. After they are both sent to the principal's office, David arrives and blackmails the principal to give Luke a month of after-school detention with threats of litigation if the principal expels him. Luke tells David of Anna's suspicions, but promises not to investigate any further or tell anyone else. While David helps Laura with the laundry, Major Carver's team attack the house. David deftly kills all except Carver. Deciding his cover has been blown, David kills Laura. While driving away, he sees Spencer and kills him as well.Carver picks up Anna and informs her of her parents' death. He also reveals that David was a soldier who became one of the test subjects for a medical experiment in the military and, being a former test subject of the said military program, he was ""programmed"" to kill anyone who might compromise his identity. David kills Kristen, destroys the restaurant she works at, then heads for the school to kill Luke. Carver and Anna head for the school, and enter a haunted house set up for the Halloween dance. David announces his presence by turning off the lights and playing Anna's mix CD, then kills Luke's teacher and Carver. Anna shoots David with Carver's gun, but David stabs her in the leg and attempts to choke her. Luke stabs David with his own butterfly knife. The dying David tells Luke that he's proud of him and that Luke did the right thing.Sitting in an ambulance, Anna and Luke overhear the firefighters talking about discovering two charred corpses with no teeth. Anna sees a firefighter limp out from within, who turns to face her. Much to her horror, it is revealed that the firefighter is David himself, using the guise to quietly escape the busy scene."
Phoonk 2	1	On winning a new construction project, Rajiv moves with his family to a new place, one which is both close to the woods as well as the beach. Rajiv's mother has gone to Rishikesh, so he stays there only with his wife Aarti, 2 kids and housemaid Laxmi. Rajiv's kids, Raksha and Rohan begin exploring the new place and the surroundings - the lonely beach and then the woods behind the house. They are soon visited by Rajiv's sister Arushi and her husband Ronnie, who have come to spend some time with the family.The terror begins with Raksha and Rohan finding a doll in the woods and bringing it home. It happens to be a doll controlled by the ghost of Madhu, who has now returned from the dead to take revenge on Rajiv. It then progresses to a series of highly traumatizing experiences for the whole family. Madhu enters Arati and she begins to act weirdly. Rajiv soon realizes that Madhu has returned from the grave and wants revenge. He immediately informs his friend Vinay, who helped him previously in killing Madhu, and his friend sets out to find Anshuman, Madhu's husband, hoping that the latter can be of some help. But unfortunately on his way he is attacked in his car by Madhu and he meets with an accident.Manja, the exorcist who kills Madhu, meets a gruesome death at the hands of her ghost. Advised by Vinay, now Rajiv approaches another exorcist, but he is not of much help. He advises Rajiv to leave the city and go someplace where Madhu cannot reach him. Eventually this man is also killed by Madhu's possessed doll, but not before he manages to burn it.Now the grotesque killings begin. The watchman and Laxmi are murdered brutally, Arushi is drowned in the swimming pool of the house, and Arati, possessed by Madhu's bala spirit, acts weird. Rajiv is left alone with his 2 children at home, and Arati(Madhu) begins to traumatize them from all directions. Rohan and Ronnie are trapped in their room, with no way to help. The ghost attacks Rajiv and Raksha, and stabs Rajiv. It then moves to kill Raksha, with a wounded and helpless Rajiv trying his best to protect her in the heavy rain. Finally they reach the terrace, where Rajiv attacks Arati and pushes her off the rooftop, and she falls to her death. The ghost now leaves Arati and the family for the time being.The film ends with Rajiv carrying Arati into the house, with Raksha, Rohan and Ronnie looking on.
Pudsey: The Movie	0	The film is about 2012 Britain's Got Talent winner Pudsey the dog on an adventure. Pudsey uses his ability to walk on his hind legs and knock people over to save the day. Pudsey starts as a dog in a movie set, but he ends up fired after causing havoc. Pudsey runs away in disgrace and catches a bus, and there are several school kids on there.When the bus stops, Pudsey runs down the street. Some bullies from the bus bully some other kids. Pudsey runs back and knocks the bullies over. The bullied kids take Pudsey home with them. They are siblings and their names are Molly, Tommy and George. Tommy does not speak much. The kid's mum gets rid of Pudsey so the family can move house after the dad died.Molly, George and Tommy take Pudsey to a lady who looks after dogs. But the lady turns out to be evil after she says she is going to dye him pink and do horrible things to him like she has done to some poodles. Pudsey, because he is specially trained, opens the door and runs away, and jumps into a white van. The poodles escape too. The white van turns out to be the van that is moving the siblings' things, so Pudsey is moved to Chuffington with the family. Pudsey gets to speak.
The Brass Bottle	0	Architect Harold Ventimore (Tony Randall) buys a large antique container that turns out to imprison a djinn named Fakrash (Burl Ives), whom Harold inadvertently sets free. Fakrash is effusively grateful for his release, and persistently tries to do favors for Harold to show his gratitude. However he has been in the brass bottle for a long time, and Fakrash’s unfamiliarity with the modern world causes all sorts of problems when he tries to please his rescuer. Harold ends up in a great deal of trouble, including with his girlfriend, Sylvia Kenton (Barbara Eden).
The Last Boy Scout	1	"During halftime at a televised football game, L A. Stallions running back Billy Cole receives a phone call from a mysterious man named Milo, who warns him to win the game or he will be assassinated. Cole ingests PCP and, in a drug-induced rage, brings a gun onto the field, shooting three opposing players to reach the end zone. Cole then shoots himself in the head. Meanwhile, private investigator Joseph Hallenbeck, a disgraced former Secret Service agent, who at one time was a national hero for saving the president from an assassination attempt, discovers that his wife Sarah is having an affair with his best friend and business partner, Mike Matthews. Mike gives Joe an assignment to act as bodyguard for a stripper named Cory. Mike is then killed by a car bomb outside Joe's house.Joe is approached by Cory's boyfriend, former Stallions quarterback Jimmy Dix, who was banned from the league on gambling charges and alleged drug abuse. After an argument between Joe and Jimmy, an annoyed Jimmy takes Cory from the stage while she is performing. Joe plans to wait outside, where he is knocked out by a team of hitmen. Jimmy and Cory leave the bar in separate cars while Joe is left to dispatch one of the hitmen. When Cory is struck from behind and stops to confront the other driver, she is killed by the hitmen. Jimmy is fired upon and pinned down, but is saved by Joe.At Cory's house, Jimmy and Joe find a taped phone conversation between Senator Calvin Baynard, who is leading a congressional investigation into gambling in sports, and Stallions owner Sheldon Marcone. When the tape is ruined in Joe's faulty car stereo, Jimmy realizes that Cory tried using the tape against Marcone to put Jimmy back on the team, prompting Marcone to send the hitmen. Joe saves Jimmy from a second car bomb, and manages to trick two hitmen into blowing themselves up. But the explosion destroys the remaining evidence.Joe reveals to Jimmy that when he was in the Secret Service, he witnessed Baynard torturing a woman in a hotel room and assaulted the senator to thwart the attack. Baynard retaliated by having Joe fired from the Secret Service for refusing to cover up the incident. At Joe's house, Jimmy meets Joe's abrasive daughter Darian. When Joe catches Jimmy attempting to use illegal painkillers in the bathroom, Joe kicks him out. As Jimmy leaves, he is asked by Darian to sign a football trading card, stating that Joe was a fan of Jimmy's and never watched another game after he was banned from the league. He leaves her with the signed card, ""To the daughter of the last Boy Scout.""Learning of Mike's affair with Sarah, the police assumed that he was killed by Joe and move to make an arrest. But Milo, Marcone's top henchman, captures Joe first and shoots a detective using Joe's gun. Marcone explains to Joe that he has been buying Senate votes to legalize sports gambling, but that Baynard tried to blackmail Marcone for $6 million. Being aware of Joe's history with Baynard, Marcone says that it would be cheaper to kill the senator and frame Joe for the murder. Joe is forced to hand a briefcase filled with money to Baynard's bodyguards, who switched it with a wired briefcase. Joe is rescued by Jimmy and Darian, and acquires both briefcases after running the bodyguards and Milo off the road. However, Milo survives and while Darian is left to wait for the police, she is abducted by Milo.Heading to the stadium to rescue Darian, Joe and Jimmy are captured and escorted to Marcone's office. Jimmy creates a diversion, allowing them to fight their way free. Realizing Milo will attempt to shoot Baynard, Joe goes after Milo while sending Jimmy to warn the senator. Grabbing the game ball, Jimmy throws it at Baynard, knocking him down just as Milo starts shooting. Joe knocks Milo to the edge of the stadium light platform, where SWAT officers shoot him several times. Milo then falls into the moving rotor blades of a police helicopter. The breifcase of money is recovered and Marcone, having escaped with the rigged briefcase, is killed when he opens it at his estate. The next day, Joe and Sarah reconcile, and Joe and Jimmy decide to become partners."
Nuns on the Run	2	After their boss is killed during a bank heist, London gangsters Brian Hope (Idle) and Charlie McManus (Coltrane) desire to lead more peaceful lives in Brazil, disapproving of their new younger and more brash boss, Casey (Patterson). While planning to rob a local Triad gang of their ill-gotten drug money, Brian meets and falls in love with a waitress, Faith (Coduri). During the robbery, Brian and Charlie betray their crew, steal the money and flee, but are forced to abandon their car when it runs out of petrol and seek refuge in a nearby nunnery during the ensuing gunfight. Faith, who had tried to warn Brian beforehand, is shot in the wrist, while one of the triads is shot and hospitalised. Casey places a bounty on Brian and Charlie's heads.Disguising themselves as nuns, Brian and Charlie introduce themselves to the Sister Superior, Liz, as Sisters Inviolata and Euphemia, respectively. Faith, having witnessed the gunfight and Brian and Charlie fleeing into the nunnery, follows them and poses as a mature student to get inside. Her gunshot wound is exposed and she is taken to the infirmary. Brian pays her a secret visit and claims he is married in order to end their relationship for her safety. When Faith intends to go to church and confess, Charlie distracts the priest, Father Seamus, while Brian poses as him. Faith admits she still loves Brian, but Brian convinces Faith to keep silent. On her way out, she is abducted by the Triads and interrogated. She directs them to Casey and they set her free, but bumps into a lamppost and hits her head on the road, ending up in the hospital, where one Triad has infiltrated the staff as a janitor. Brian and Charlie acquire tickets to Brazil, despite Brian's desire to take Faith with them.Brian decides to tell Faith the truth, but discovers she has not returned to the nunnery. They go to her apartment and only barely escape their former fellow gangsters. They sneak back into the nunnery and manage to slip into their spare habits after accidentally waking up an eccentric nun, Sister Mary. In conversation, Brian learns that Faith is in the hospital, with her father and brother who are protecting her from the gang. He visits her, but she is heartbroken, believing that Brian no longer loves her. They attempt to flee for the airport the next morning, but are caught and exposed by Sister Mary. In desperation, they steal a truck and head for the airport, pursued by their comrades and Sisters Liz and Mary. Morley and Abbott follow them. Brian forces Charlie to go to the hospital, where Brian tells Faith the truth while Charlie stalls the gangsters. They manage to escape the hospital with Faith and Casey is arrested, though one briefcase of money is lost during the chase. Sister Liz and Sister Mary find the lost case of drug money and decide to use it to fund a drug rehabilitation clinic.Brian, Charlie and Faith reach the airport and checkin, when an airport policeman warns the attendant about Brian and Charlie. They board the flight disguised as attendants and successfully escape the UK for Brazil.
Applause	2	"The first scene has a marching band playing Theodore Mentz's ""A Hot Time in the Old Town"".The film tells of Kitty Darling (Helen Morgan), a burlesque star, who sends her young daughter to a convent to get her away from the sleazy burlesque environment she is involved in.Many years later, Kitty is not doing so well and her best days are behind her. She's now an alcoholic who lives in the past. She lives with a burlesque comic named Hitch (Fuller Mellish Jr.). Hitch cheats on her and only cares about spending what little money she has. When he finds out she has been paying for her daughter's convent education for over a decade, he pushes her into bringing April back home.Her grown, but naive daughter April (Joan Peers) returns. Kitty is embarrassed by her condition and marries Hitch so that April will not be ashamed of her.When April arrives, she is disgusted with her mother and her sad life. Hitch tries to force her into show business and repeatedly gropes her, at one point forcing a kiss on her.April roams the city and meets a lonely young sailor named Tony (Henry Wadsworth). They fall in love and agree to marry and April will move to his home in Wisconsin. When April goes to tell her mother about their plans she overhears Hitch belittling Kitty, calling her a ""has-been.""April is upset and calls off her wedding. She decides to join the chorus line of a burlesque show. She says a reluctant goodbye to Tony at the subway. Meanwhile, Kitty takes an overdose of sleeping pills. The bottle clearly says ""For insomnia one tablet only"". She goes downstairs to the show and collapses on a couch.Knowing that Kitty cannot perform in the show, the producer berates her, mistaking her reaction to the overdose for delirium tremens. April, also not realizing what is happening, and over Kitty's objections, says she will take Kitty's place. She tells Kitty she will take care of her now, like Kitty always did for April. As April goes onstage, Kitty passes away, her head hanging over the edge of the couch.April is disgusted at herself and cannot complete the show. As she runs off the stage, none other than Tony is there to greet her. He says he had a feeling she did not mean what she was saying. She hugs him close and says she wants to go far away. Not realizing Kitty is dead, she says they will need to take care of her mother too, and Tony agrees.The final shot is a close-up of the Kitty Darling poster on the wall, behind Tony and April."
Paradise	1	In 1823, during the Georgian era, teenagers, David and Sarah, travel with a caravan from Baghdad to Damascus. At an oasis, a white slaver known as 'the Jackal' raids the party and attempts to add the beautiful young Sarah to his harem. David and Sarah and her servant, Geoffrey, narrowly escape, but all the others are slain in a massacre including David's American missionary parents. When Geoffrey seeks help at an encampment controlled by the Jackal, he is killed.David and Sarah rest at a nearby enclave as they head west toward civilization. Their flight leads them to a beautiful oasis—a Paradise—where they discover love and sex. However, the Jackal does not give up hope of capturing Sarah, so David must lure him to his death. At the conclusion, Sarah reveals to David that she is pregnant and the two young lovers finally reach civilization, the city of Damascus.
The Look of Love	2	The story opens in London in 1992. Paul Raymond (Steve Coogan) returns to his flat after attending the funeral of his daughter Debbie (Imogen Poots). Raymond plays a videotape of a television programme he and Debbie took part in and reflects on their lives.In a flashback to the late 1950s, Raymond is an impresario on the seaside variety show circuit, where he is making a name for himself by adding semi nude women to his stage acts. After a lion attacks the show's dancers, his wife Jean (Anna Friel) joins the show. When the Daily Sketch claims that Jean performed nude, Raymond sues the newspaper unsuccessfully but appreciates the ensuing publicity, after which Raymond launches his London strip club, the Raymond Revue Bar. Its success allows him to expand his property empire and also indulge in a playboy lifestyle, which his wife tolerates.In the early 1970s, Raymond moves into theatrical revues and casts aspiring actress Amber St. George (Tamsin Egerton) in a nude revue. Raymond moves in with her and his marriage to Jean ends. Raymond also agrees to meet a grown son, Derry, he sired out of wedlock, but after an awkward dinner together, he gives Derry no more of his time. Tony Power is approached by Paul Raymond to run a men's magazine, Men Only.Tony Power, who was only in his 20's at the time, was subsequently corrupted into a sleazy world by Paul Raymond, ending in his untimely demise. The magazine is a huge success, in part thanks to roving sex reporter Fiona Richmond, St. George's pseudonym. Raymond continues to enjoy a hedonistic, coke fuelled lifestyle. This becomes too much for St. George and their relationship ends.Into this mix, his daughter Debbie is introduced. Initially, Raymond tries to make her a star in his theatrical ventures, but she lacks talent and the show is an unprecedented failure for her.Debbie marries musician Jonathan Hodge. Jean returns for the wedding and volunteers to pose nude for Raymond's magazine. In the delivery room, Debbie gives birth to a girl after sniffing a line of coke that her father provides. She dies in 1992 of a heroin overdose.[1] After the funeral, Raymond returns home with his granddaughter, pointing out the property he owns that will someday belong to her. An epilogue reveals that in December 1992, he was the richest man in Britain.
Who Killed Who?	2	"A live-action host (Robert Emmett O'Connor) opens with a disclaimer about the nature of the cartoon, namely, that the short is meant to ""prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that crime does not pay.""The story begins on a dark and stormy night as the victim (voiced by Kent Rogers doing an impression of Richard Haydn), presumably the master of the very large ""Gruesome Gables"" mansion, is reading a book based on the cartoon he's in. Frightened, he muses that, according to the book, he is about to be ""bumped off."" Someone throws a dagger with a letter attached, telling the master that he will die at 11:30. When he objects, another letter informs him that the time has been moved to midnight.True to form, on the final stroke of midnight a mysterious killer in a heavy black cloak and hood shoots him dead with a rather large pistol (how dead he is, though, is a matter of question), and a police officer (voiced by Billy Bletcher, modeled on characters portrayed in film by Fred Kelsey) immediately begins to investigate. After investigating the premises and the staff, the officer gives a lengthy chase to the real killer, finding the mansion to be filled with many surreal pitfalls, strange characters—including a red skeleton, a parody of Red Skelton—and booby traps that slow and obstruct him. He eventually traps the killer and unmasks him, revealing him to be the opening-sequence host, who confesses ""I dood it""—one of Skelton's catchphrases—before bursting into tears."
Waris	0	The story revolves around a young prince with socialist ideas who runs away from the palace. Twenty years later, after news of the death of the king, three pretenders arrive, each claiming to be the real prince. This is a film based on a story of kings. Due to disagreements in the King's household, his wife and son (Jeetendra,) decide to move away from his kingdom. Years later, the King dies and the Palace decides to find the Prince so that he can claim his rightful place on the throne. They locate three young men, all claiming to be the prince. The Palace officials put them to the test, and one by one, all of them pass various tests imposed on them, leaving the officials in a quandary as to who the real prince is between these three young men. Meanwhile, the original prince sees the news and reveals his identity to her mother, with whom he is living by his false identity as an orphan. At the same time, Prem Chopra also lists his identity as Prince. Meanwhile, (Prem Chopra) kidnapped the original Prince to become king himself and arrives as Ram Kumar 1 at the Palace. But two men also arrive at the Palace claiming to be the Prince. After so much chaos, Ravi and Rajan save the life of Ram Kumar. At last, Murthy tries to escape with money, but is stopped by Jeetendra, but he escapes from there by kidnapping the princess. At last, in the car, Murthy's mother saves the life of the girl by saying to him to jump from the car and ask his son to stop the car, but he didn't stop the car. Finally, his mother shoots him and the film ends with the car crashing from the mountain.[6]
Elvira's Haunted Hills	1	In 1851 in the Carpathian Mountains of Romania, Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou (Mary Jo Smith), on their way to a can-can revue in Paris, get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy. After making their way out of the village, they are rescued by Dr. Bradley Bradley (Scott Atkinson), who takes them to stay at Castle Hellsubus, in the hills high above the village. While there, Elvira meets the residents—and discovers that she happens to resemble the deceased former wife of his Lordship the Count Vladimere Hellsubus.
Butterflies Are Free	1	"In the San Francisco of the 1970s, Don Baker (Edward Albert), who was born blind, has lived all his life with his mother (Eileen Heckart). Don moves out into an apartment on his own, but Don finds himself all alone. He has made a contract that his mother will not come to see him for at least two months.One month has passed. This is when Jill Tanner (Goldie Hawn) moves into an apartment next door to Don. She listens to Don talking to his mother over the phone and turns on the radio. When Don asks her to turn the volume down, she invites herself over for a cup of coffee. They start talking and find each other friendly. Jill does not realize that Don is blind until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash on the table. Jill has never met a blind man before, so she asks all sorts of questions about how Don manages everyday chores. She tells Don that her favorite quote is: ""I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free. Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies."" (From Dickens' ""Bleak House""). She takes him out shopping to buy bohemian and free-spirited clothing. Back home, Don makes up a song and starts to sing ""Butterflies are Free"" on his guitar. They discover they can unlock the door separating their two apartments.Surprising Don with a visit, Mrs. Baker sees that Don has attached himself to Jill. She also encounters them in the apartment partially undressed. She fears that Jill will break Don's heart. She takes Jill out for a lunch and tries to talk her out of Don's life. Jill has strong feelings for Don and tells Mrs. Baker that if there is someone who should get out of Don's life, it is she.Jill later breaks a dinner date at Don's apartment bringing Ralph (Michael Glaser) the director of the play she has auditioned for, and announces, hesitantly, that she will move in with him. Don is heartbroken and asks his mother if he can move back home. She talks him out of it and they finally make peace over their new roles in life. Jill and Don fight over her moving out, and Don tells her she is the one who is disabled. She leaves but returns to Don, and the two reconcile."
Naayi Neralu	1	Acchanniah lives with his wife Nagalakshmi and his widowed daughter-in-law Venkatalakshmi in a remote village in Karnataka. His granddaughter Rajalakshmi is in a distant city completing her studies. Acchanniah learns from a friend that a young man in a distant village claims that he was the son of Acchanniah in his previous birth. He dismisses the information as baseless. But his ailing wife believes or rather chooses to believe that her son who died twenty years ago has come back.Acchanniah sets out to meet the young man who is about twenty years old and provides some information regarding his previous birth which tallies with or appears to tally with his previous birth. Acchanniah brings home this man whose name is Vishwa. Acchannaih's wife realises a new purpose in living and accepts this stranger as her son. But Venkatalakshmi, Acchanniah's daughter-in-law, finds it difficult to accept some stranger as her long-lost husband. After some initial resistance, Venkatalakshmi realises that this is an opportunity to attain all that she is restrained from. Her desires emerge again and she accepts Vishwa as her husband. It is here that problems start.The society which forced her to believe it is her husband does not approve of Venkatalakshmi accepting the man as her husband and living with him. Rajalakshmi swears that this stranger who is her age is not her father. She tries to convince her mother to come out of such a delusion but to no avail. Acchanniah and Nagalakshmi are shocked to hear that Venkatalakshmi is pregnant with Vishwa's child. Matter complicate and Acchanniah is humiliated in the public by his fellow Brahmins. Venkatalakshmi sensing the intensity of the situation leaves the village and lives in a god-forsaken place with Vishwa. She has a hard life trying to manage ends meet. Vishwa is an eccentric young man and keeping him in control is not easy. To worsen things, Vishwa is attracted to Sukri, a young woman from the worker class. Nagalakshmi dies unable to digest these bizarre happenings. Rajalakshmi decides to seek the help of the court to get her mother back. They file a false complaint on Vishwa. Aware of the family's sinister motives, Vishwa refuses to return to Venkatalakshmi.Meanwhile, a daughter is born to Venkatalakshmi. The court announces Vishwa guilty and he is sent to two years rigorous imprisonment. But Venkatalakshmi declares that she will wait for him to be released although she is certain that he will not return to her. She tells her daughter that she never believed that Vishwa was her husband reincarnate.
The Phantom of the Opera	1	"In 1919, the Opéra Populaire holds a public auction to clear the theatre's vaults. Raoul, Viscount de Chagny purchases a papier-mâché music box in the shape of a monkey and eyes it sadly as Madame Giry, an aged woman dressed in black, inspects him. The auctioneer then presents a shattered chandelier as the next item up for bid, claiming that it once played a key role in ""the strange affair of the Phantom of the Opera"". As it flickers to life and slowly ascends to its original place in the rafters, the auction is transported back in time to the year 1870.Back to this time, while the company rehearses for a performance of the grand opera Hannibal, manager Monsieur Lefèvre announces that he has decided to retire and that the opera has been purchased by Richard Firmin and Gilles André, two men who have no experience with the arts whatsoever. When resident soprano Carlotta Giudicelli begins to sing for the managers, a backdrop collapses and causes everyone to blame the ""Opera Ghost"", a mysterious figure who is rumored to live in the catacombs beneath the theater. Carlotta refuses to sing and storms offstage, leaving Firmin and André no choice but to cancel the performance. At the last minute, ballet mistress Madame Giry suggests that dancer Christine Daaé take Carlotta's place as she has been ""well taught."" The managers reluctantly agree and, to their surprise, Christine wins them over.Later that night, after Christine's triumphant stage debut, she explains to Madame Giry's daughter, Meg, that she is being coached by a mysterious tutor who she refers to as the ""Angel of Music""; a tutor who her late father said would teach her to sing. Christine returns to her dressing room to find Raoul, the opera's new patron and her former childhood sweetheart, waiting for her. The two reminisce about their youth as Christine tells Raoul her secret, only for him to laugh at her ""fantasy"" and invite her to dinner despite her protests. Unbeknownst to everyone, except Madame Giry, the Phantom of the Opera locks Christine in her dressing room and reveals himself in her mirror to her before hypnotizing her and taking her to his subterranean lair.The Phantom reveals to her that he loves her and wants her to love him back. He shows Christine a bust of herself, wearing a wedding dress and veil, causing her to faint, and the Phantom places her in a bed. The next morning she awakes to find the Phantom writing music. She approaches him and removes his mask out of curiosity. He bursts into a fit of rage, covering his face with his hand. He at first says she must stay forever because she saw his deformities, revealing that he ""dreams of beauty"". Pitying him Christine hands him back his mask and the two have a moment of understanding. He then decides to return her to the opera house.That morning, the two managers lament Christine's disappearance, as well as series of notes they received from the Opera Ghost trying to blackmail them for his payment and ordering them on how to run the opera house. When Carlotta returns, she is furious to find a note sent to her saying if she sang as the countess in Il Muto that night instead of Christine, then disaster ""beyond [their] imagination"" would occur. Firmin and André ignore the ghost's warnings and give Carlotta the lead role. That night, the Phantom interrupts the performance and criticizes their failure to follow his orders.Carlotta continues to sing, but her voice croaks (as a result of the Phantom tampering with her throat spray) and the lead role is given to Christine. While the ballet is being performed, the Phantom, not realizing the performance change, encounters the chief stagehand Joseph Buquet and strangles him before hanging him from above, creating chaos. Christine flees to the roof with Raoul. She reveals to him that she has seen the Phantom's face and fears him, but also pities him because of his sadness. Raoul tells Christine he loves her and will protect her forevermore. Christine returns his love, kissing him passionately and they both leave the roof. The Phantom, who witnessed the scene, becomes heartbroken. He then hears them both singing together. Growing furious at Raoul, he vows revenge on them both.Three months later, a masquerade party ensues in the opera house. At the party, Christine wears her new engagement ring from Raoul. The event is interrupted once again by the Phantom, who is dressed as Red Death. The Phantom brings his own composition, Don Juan Triumphant, and orders the managers to stage the opera. Raoul exits the room and Christine approaches the Phantom. At the sight of the engagement ring, the Phantom rips it from Christine and disappears into a trap on the floor. Raoul tries to follow him but is stopped by Madame Giry, who privately tells him the story of the Phantom's past. When she was a little girl, she went to a freak circus where they featured a deformed child in a cage. The child was beaten while everyone watched and laughed. The ringmaster then removed a burlap sack covering the child's face, revealing his deformity. Only the young Madame Giry pitied him. She was the last to leave and saw the child strangle the ringmaster with a rope. Chased by the police, Madame Giry helped him escape and found shelter for him beneath the opera house, where she has hidden him from the world ever since.Christine takes a carriage to visit her father's grave, but the Phantom secretly takes over the reins. Raoul follows when he realizes she's gone. Christine arrives and laments over her father's death. The Phantom tries to win her back by pretending to be her father's angel, but Raoul arrives and stops him. A sword fight ensues in the cemetery, where Raoul eventually disarms the Phantom and is about to kill him, but Christine pleads for him not to. His rage seemingly augmented, the Phantom watches angrily as Christine and Raoul ride away.Christine admits she is afraid of the Phantom and tells Raoul he will never stop trying to recapture her. Raoul realizes that they can use the Phantom's opera to capture him, as he will surely attend. Don Juan Triumphant is performed, and the Phantom makes his entrance (having secretly replaced the lead) with Christine. Raoul can do nothing but watch from his box as Christine falls for the Phantom yet again. However, she once again removes his mask, revealing his deformities to the entire audience, who scream in fear. He escapes with her by dropping the chandelier and setting the opera house on fire. An angry mob gathers in the opera house to hunt him.The Phantom brings Christine back down to his lair. Madame Giry shows Raoul where the Phantom lives hopeful he can beat the mob and rescue Christine safely. The Phantom forces her to don the wedding dress and once again professes his love, and orders Christine to marry him. Christine tries to convince the Phantom that she does not fear his ugliness, but rather his anger and willingness to kill to get what he wants. Just then, Raoul enters the lair, and the Phantom ties him to a gate and threatens to kill him if Christine refuses to marry him. Christine reflects over the impossible choice before passionately kissing the Phantom to show him he is not alone in the world. The Phantom is shocked from experiencing real human love for the first time in his life. Ashamed of his murderous actions, and hearing the echo of the angry mob approaching his lair, he tells Christine and Raoul to immediately leave and orders them to never return. He finds comfort in a little monkey music box. Christine approaches the Phantom, who tells her that he loves her, and she silently gives him the diamond ring from her finger to remember her by. After Christine and Raoul leave, the Phantom smashes every mirror in his underground lair and disappears through a secret passage behind a velvet curtain just before the mob arrives. Upon entering, Meg finds only the Phantom's white mask.Moving back to 1919, the elderly Raoul visits Christine's gravesite and places the music box near her tombstone. He stands in silence for a moment and then turns to leave, but stops upon noticing a fresh red rose with a black ribbon tied around the stem with Christine's engagement ring attached to it; implying that the Phantom is alive, and still loves Christine."
The Road to Reno	2	Twice divorced Jackie Millet tries one more time with number three. Unfortunately, her wedding is suddenly halted when the woman's son kills the groom during the ceremony, and then shoots himself.
Some More of Samoa	0	The Stooges are tree surgeons who are enlisted by a rich old man to find a mate for his rare puckerless persimmon tree. The boys sail to the fictional tropical island of Rhum-Boogie to find the tree. When they arrive they are captured by the natives and will be eaten unless Curly marries the Chief's ugly sister. The Stooges manage to escape with the tree and, after a confrontation with an alligator, sail off with their prize.
Love + hate	1	Love + Hate is a modern love story set across the racial divide in a Northern town. Adam has been brought up in a home and community that fosters racism. Naseema is a girl from the same town. But what Adam and Naseema really share is a secret desire to break free of their small town and its inhibitions, something they discover while working together in a DIY store. At first resistant, they cannot avoid their mutual attraction, and embark on a relationship which threatens to bring down their families as well as themselves.
Chidambarathil Oru Appasamy	1	Elangovan (Thankar Bachchan) is a school teacher in Chidambaram who is a jack of all trades but master of none. He spends time with friends boozing, gambling and trying out new business that always fails.His wife is Thenmozhi (Navya Nair) and has two daughters. Elangovan’s father (Pyramid Natarajan) and his father-in-law (Sundararajan) try to make him responsible towards his family but our man refuses to take up anything serious in life. On advice of everyone, Elangovan goes to Sabarimala after taking Vrath but returns to continue as sanyasi without being least bothered about his duties towards family. Fearing his wife and relatives he decides to join a mutt but there also he is unable to sustain.In the meantime Thenmozhi works hard to educate her children. She is mentally prepared to live without her husband when Elangovan returns and pleads with her as usual. But this time Thenmozhi is not willing to pardon him and she ignores him. What happens then forms the climax and message of the film.
Circus World	1	"Matt Masters (John Wayne), a Wild West circus star in the mold of Buffalo Bill Cody, bought a bankrupt circus in 1885 and successfully rebuilt it into a combination three ring and Wild West extravaganza, mixing Wild West Show acts with conventional circus acts in a winning combination. He has successfully toured the United States for more than a decade. Now that the century is about to turn, he wants to take his show to Europe.His Circus Boss, Cap Carson (Lloyd Nolan), is against taking the show across the Atlantic. He maintains that Europe is bad luck for American circuses. He also calls Matt on his reason for making a European tour: Masters wants to find the lost great love of his life, Lili Alfredo (Rita Hayworth), and figures that this tour will smoke her out if for no other reason than to see her child, Toni Alfredo (Claudia Cardinale), Masters' adopted daughter. One of his Western stars and wannabe-partner, Steve McCabe (John Smith), also attempts to dissuade Masters, but to no avail. Masters buys a freighter, renames her the Circus Maximus, and the show sails for Europe.At Barcelona, the first port of call, the Circus Maximus capsizes at the pier and puts the show in the toilet. Masters has to release most of his performers, board out his animals, and go back to performing an act for the Ed Purdy Wild West Show, a staple on the European circus circuit. Down but not out, Masters doesn't waste the disaster. ""While touring Europe at Ed Purdy's expense,"" as Masters puts it, he, Cap, Steve and Toni scout acts that will enable Masters to relaunch the Matt Masters Circus bigger and better than ever.His first new hire is Tojo the Clown and the Wire-Dancing Ballerina (Richard Conte and Katharyna respectively). They have a unique act; Tojo is dressed as a clown but walks the high wire over a cage full of lions while coaching the Ballerina (his niece Giovanna) as she dances on a wire on the ground. Backstage, Masters discovers that Tojo is an old acquaintance — Aldo Alfredo, brother-in-law of his lost love Lili Alfredo. Despite his reservations at hiring a possible enemy Masters takes the act on and neither he nor Aldo admit to Toni, who is Aldo's niece, that they have met before; or that Tojo the Clown is her uncle. Aldo assures Matt that the vendetta is over, and Giovanna begins training for the ballerina act she will perform on the high wire.His second new act is Emile, a French animal trainer who has a spectacular act involving lions who lie down on him in the ring. Masters offers to take him on if he will switch from lions to tigers (Masters has many tigers but few lions). The trainer is adamant that he does not want to change to working with tigers; his wife persuades him to do so. By the time the circus is ready to re-launch, Emile has so adapted to working with a different variety of big cat that when a couple become ill, he demands that Masters hire a doctor for ""HIS tigers.""The third addition to the performers' roster is Margo Angeli, an artist of the high trapeze, coincidentally where Toni wants to work instead of in the Wild West show or as part of Clown Alley, where Matt has her working. In reality, Margo is the vanished Lili Alfredo, haunted by the guilt of having been caught up in a love triangle, blaming herself for the death of her flyer husband who had fallen — or did he miss Aldo's catch on purpose after learning he was part of a love triangle? She had run away from the world of the circus and kept on running, finding solace first in the Church and then in the bottle.As Masters had hoped, the lure of her daughter brought Lili out of hiding. She speaks to her daughter during a performance of Ed Purdy's Wild West Show without identifying herself, and Masters spots her. The two have an intense confrontation in a bar, ending with Masters slamming a full bottle of brandy down in front of Lili and telling her that she needs to decide whether the booze or her child is more important to her; but that if she doesn't pull herself together, as far as he's concerned she is dead to him. Lili quits drinking and goes into training to seek a position in the new Matt Masters Circus, then in winter quarters near Madrid.Meanwhile, Toni has fallen for Steve and he for her, despite a difference in their ages of at least a decade. Matt has to come to terms with the fact that his adopted little girl is a woman grown, with a mind of her own. ""Margo's"" reappearance helps, and she is secretly amused by Toni's attempts to pair her off with Matt. Matt's doing pretty well on his own, as Toni observes with pleasure. She loves her adopted father and wants him to be happy.Inevitably, the truth comes out. The afternoon of the rehearsal for the first show of the circus season in Vienna, with Masters demanding of his performers the same show they will put on that evening, Toni finds a poster of The Flying Alfredos in her wagon living quarters with ""Suicide"" daubed on it in red. She also finds a newspaper clipping of the Flying Alfredos that allows her to identify ""Margo"" as her mother. There is a stormy confrontation with many passionate, hateful words on Toni's part between her, Lili and Matt; and Matt has to tell her that he was the second man in the love triangle. Toni curses both of them and runs out, just before a bugle call summons the show to Dress Rehearsal.The rehearsal opens to empty seats with Grand Parade, with the performers marching in behind the flags of the nations whose citizens are in the show: the United States, Great Britain, France, Imperial Germany, Switzerland, Iceland, Sweden, Italy, and many more. Partway through Grand Parade, a fire breaks out in Wardrobe and spreads to the Big Top. Fast action by Lili, Matt, Steve, Toni, Cap and Aldo prevents injury to the circus performers and manages to save about half of the tent from the flames. The one positive thing to come out of the fire is a rapprochement between Toni and Lili.Matt somehow obtains permission from the Emperor to set up the circus in the grounds of the Imperial Palace. The show is a smash success, with a new act headlining: Lili and Toni Alfredo performing a swing-over routine fifty feet in the air. Ultimately Matt, Lili, Toni, and Matt's new partner and Toni's new fiancé, Steve, are shown taking bows to the applause of the people and the Crown."
Antz	1	"In an ant colony, Z-4195, or ""Z"" for short, is a neurotic and pessimistic worker ant who longs to express himself. Bala, the princess of the colony, visits a bar to escape her suffocating royal life, and Z falls in love with her there.The ant colony declares war on an encroaching termite colony and a large force of soldier ants is mobilized for an attack. To see Bala again, Z exchanges places with his soldier friend Weaver and joins the army, where he befriends Barbatus, a staff sergeant. Z is unaware that the army's leader and Bala's fiancé General Mandible is secretly sending the soldiers loyal to the Queen Ant to die so he can stage a coup. At the base of a tree near nightfall, Z realizes he is marching into battle. Everyone except Z is killed by acid-shooting termite defenders. Before dying, Barbatus tells Z to think for himself instead of following orders.Z returns home and is hailed as a war hero. Secretly irate, Mandible congratulates him and introduces him to the Queen. There he meets Bala, who eventually recognizes him as a worker. Z panics and pretends to take Bala hostage, causing him and Bala to fall out of the anthill via a garbage chute. Z decides to search for Insectopia, a legendary insect paradise. Bala attempts to return to the colony but quickly rejoins Z after encountering a praying mantis.News of the incident spreads through the colony, and Z's act of individuality inspires the workers and some soldier ants, halting productivity. To gain control, Mandible publicly portrays Z as a self-centered war criminal. Mandible promotes the glory of conformity and promises them a better life through the reward of completing a ""Mega Tunnel"" planned by himself. However, Colonel Cutter, Mandible's second-in-command, becomes concerned about Mandible's plans.After various misadventures, Z and Bala find Insectopia, a human waste-bin overfilled with decaying food. Bala begins to reciprocate Z's feelings. After interrogating Weaver, Mandible learns that Z is looking for Insectopia and sends Cutter to retrieve Bala and kill Z. That night, Cutter arrives in Insectopia and forcibly flies Bala back to the colony. Z finds them gone and returns to the colony.When Z arrives, he finds Bala held captive in Mandible's office. After freeing her, she tells him that Mandible's ""Mega Tunnel"" leads straight to the lake (a puddle next to Insectopia) which Mandible will use to drown the Queen Ant and workers at the opening ceremony. Bala warns the ants at the ceremony, while Z goes to the tunnel exit to stop the workers but fails, and the water leaks in. Z and Bala unify the workers into building a towering ladder of themselves towards the surface as the water rises.Meanwhile, Mandible and his soldiers gather at the surface, where he explains his vision of a new colony with none of the ""weak elements of the colony"". When the workers break through, Mandible tries to kill Z, but Cutter rebels against Mandible and instead helps Z and the worker ants. Enraged, Mandible rushes to kill Cutter, but Z pushes Cutter out of the way and is accidentally tackled into the flooded colony with Mandible, who lands upon a root, killing him on impact. Cutter orders the soldiers to help the workers and the Queen Ant while he himself goes after Z. Although Z has seemingly drowned, Bala resuscitates him.Z is praised for his heroism and marries Bala. Together they rebuild the colony, transforming it from a conformist military state into a community that values all of its members. The camera zooms out to reveal the whole story took place in the middle of Central Park, New York City."
Passkey to Danger	1	"Tex Hanlon (Kane Richmond) is in charge of a wildly successful and mysterious advertising campaign for ""The Three Springs"". People everywhere are curious what the ads refer to, and even Malcolm Tauber (Gerald Mohr) the head of the company Hanlon works for, is in the dark. It's revealed that Tauber's assistant (and Hanlon's girlfriend) Gwen Hughes (Stephanie Bachelor) has created some secret sketches of women's fashion for Tex that will be used in the final Three Springs ad.However, other forces are at work. Attracted by the attention given the campaign, Renee Beauchamps (Adele Mara) asks for a chance to begin work with Hanlon. He agrees, but begins to receive threatening notes related to The Three Springs. A passing motorist, Julian Leighton (George J. Lewis), picks him up and offers him twenty-thousand dollars to spill the secret. Another wealthy man, Alexander Cardovsky (John Eldredge), also asks for information. He's later pressured by two thugs, Mr. Warren (Gregory Gaye) and Bert (Fred Graham) to reveal everything. He buys a toy puppet from a poor woman, Jenny (Donia Bussey), and finds another note in the toy, asking him to meet her. When he does, he discovers Jenny has been murdered, and he's been set up to take the blame. However, Gwen can vouch for Hanlon's whereabouts at the time of the murder.The next day Tauber is anxious to run the final Three Springs ad. He's upset when Hanlon balks, but grateful Hanlon kept The Three Springs campaign out of his conversation with the police. Hanlon tells Gwen they need to delay because he needs answers to force the criminals out in the open. Gwen convinces him otherwise and arranges to have the final proofs rushed from the printers that evening. Then Hanlon discovers that Renee has been writing the threatening notes, and she claims she'd hope to frighten him into working with her. Renee says she's being followed and must speak with him later. Gwen sees Renee kiss Hanlon goodbye and is furious.Immediately afterward, Special Detective Bates (Tom London) explains to Hanlon that the three Spring brothers, criminals who made off with millions twenty years ago and disappeared likely believe Hanlon is about to expose them. Hanlon agrees to work with Bates. Later, Gwen has forgiven Hanlon and is waiting for him at his apartment with Hanlon's ""friends"" Warren and Bert, not realizing who they really are. Warren and Bert threaten to pin another murder on Hanlon if he doesn't hand over his information, and Hanlon discovers they've already murdered Renee and hidden her body in the room. When Hanlon refuses to give in, Bert violently beats him. Gwen must promise to reveal the proofs of the Three Springs campaign later that evening to save Hanlon.At Hanlon's office,it's revealed that Cardovsky and Leighton are two of the Spring brothers. Hanlon believes the third brother is Warren, but at gunpoint, discovers it's Tauber. Warren had helped two of brothers escape from prison. Gwen and Bates arrive with the police to arrest all five criminals, but Bates allows Hanlon to have one last fistfight with Bert before taking Bert and his cohorts to jail."
Kaaval Nilayam	1	Raja (Anandaraj), a rowdy, escapes from police officers and he is accommodated by a prostitute. Vijay (Sarath Kumar), an honest police officer, is transferred to a new area. Vijay lives happily with his wife Aarthi (Gouthami) and his daughter Sowmiya. Soon, Raja crosses Vijay's path.In the past, Raja and Vijay were friends. Raja, Vijay and Aarthi trained hard for becoming police officers. While Raja was an orphan, Vijay was from a police family. The honest police officer Ravi (Jaishankar), Vijay's brother, clashed with the corrupt politician Andhavar (M. N. Nambiar) and he was killed by Andhavar. Vijay and Raja took different ways to fight against Andhavar.
Jane Steps Out	0	A young woman is overshadowed by her more glamorous sister. With the help of her grandmother she transforms herself and is able to attract a man.[3]
Oru Kal Oru Kannadi	2	One morning in his house, Saravanan (Udhayanidhi Stalin) receives his ex-girlfriend Meera's (Hansika Motwani) wedding invitation. He and his friend Paarthasarathy aka Paartha (Santhanam) leave for Pondicherry to attend the wedding via car. En route, Saravanan recollects his past: He was a ruthless youth working in a film theatre with Paartha. He lives with his parents; his father, Varadharajan, who is educated and works as a college professor and his mother, Shenbagam, who is uneducated and is trying to pass an exam, just to get her college degree. One day in traffic, he sees Meera, a girl training to be an air hostress and falls for her on site. He follows her to a cloth shop and also to her Air Hostess class. He saw her house and he and Partha go to her house, as Meera calls them. There, Meera threatens Saravanan by showing her father's photo, who is a Deputy Commissioner of Police (DSP), Mahendra Kumar. But still, Saravanan follows her and asks her to love him. Meera takes him to Mahendra Kumar's office and he asks Saravanan to stop following Meera. Meera tells Saravanan that she has some qualifications required by her lover like shaving regularly, dressing well, breaking his friendship with Paartha, coming on time, etc. Saravanan tells this to Partha and Partha asks him if he or Meera is best for him. Saravanan tells him Meera is more important to him than Paartha, causing a break between Saravanan's and Paartha's friendship.Later, Saravanan joins Paartha's broken love and asks him to rejoin his love. Partha agrees and then they go to Mumbai, following Meera in a flight. There, Meera alas tells him that she loves Saravanan. After some months, Meera calls Saravanan once, but he does not pick up the phone and tells Paartha that Meera is not his real love and it is all nothing, but a drama. But, he really said that for fun. But, Paartha had accidentally switched on the phone while Saravanan told him all this. Meera, mistaking him for intentionally misusing her, comes there and breaks their love. Now, at Pondicherry, during Meera's marriage, both Saravanan and Partha end up drunk and tell a small story, in a comical way describing the broken love of Saravanan and Meera. Just as the marriage is going to happen, Rajini Murugan (Arya), a local don, comes there with a pregnant girl and his girlfriend (Andrea Jeremiah) and reveals that Meera's groom has a girlfriend, who is pregnant by him and that the girl Rajini Murugan is with, is that girl. The groom admits to his mistake and reunites with his old girlfriend. Saravanan and Paartha walk off the marriage hall, just then Meera comes and hugs Saravanan, hence reuniting with him.
Sinners	2	"Brother Jim Jefferies leads the ""Congregation of the Cross"" in the small West Texas town of Britten. To be sure his children never falter, Brother Jim relentlessly reminds his congregation of the dire consequences, should one stray from the Lord's word. Temptation, however, can be great, and when sin is in the heart, a young man finds himself damned for all eternity, thus leading himself, his best friend, and his friends brother, on a cross country journey to avenge God's will. Arriving in Los Angeles, they meet a cunning con man. Together, the four young men find themselves in the middle of dangerous street games that finally lead them to perpetrate the ultimate sin; or had the sin already been committed?"
The Crazies	2	"The film follows two stories, one about the civilians trying to stay alive during the disaster, having to battle both ""the crazies"" as well as U.S. soldiers ordered to shoot on sight. The other involves the political and military leaders trying to contain the epidemic.Set in the small town of Evans City, Pennsylvania, the central characters are firefighter David (Will McMillan), his girlfriend, nurse Judy (Lane Carroll), and firefighter Clank (Harold Wayne Jones). David was a Green Beret and Clank an infantryman, both having served in Vietnam. The town has seen a number of violent events, including arson at a local farm by a demented farmer. Judy and David are very concerned, since Judy is pregnant.Meanwhile, heavily armed U.S. troops in NBC suits and gas masks arrive in town, led by Major Ryder (Harry Spillman), who takes over the doctor's office where Judy works. Days earlier, an Army plane carrying an untested bioweapon crash-landed in the hills near the town, infecting the water supply with a virus code-named ""Trixie,"" causing victims to either die or become homicidally insane. ""Trixie"" is highly contagious, with anyone drinking from the Evans City reservoir becoming affected. In Washington D.C., government officials order Colonel Peckem (Lloyd Hollar) to go to Evans City to help contain the virus, while scientist Dr. Watts (Richard France) arrives to develop a cure before the virus spreads beyond the small town. Officials also deploy bombers armed with nuclear weapons, to destroy the town if necessary.Mayhem begins when the Army quarantines the town, shooting anyone attempting to escape. The soldiers move the townspeople into the high school, and chaos ensues when the sheriff (Robert Karlowsky) is shot with his own pistol. While the townspeople are being rousted from their homes, a soldier encounters a quiet elderly woman. He kindly urges the woman to come with him, but she stabs him with her knitting needle. By now, nearly all of the villagers are infected. A group of soldiers are killed by a mob armed with guns and dynamite, after which an infected woman happily sweeps the blood-soaked grass. The local priest (Jack Zaharia) is infected. Upset at soldiers rousting his flock, he douses himself with gasoline and sets himself on fire.David, Judy, Clank, teenager Kathy Fulton (Lynn Lowry), her father Artie (Richard Liberty), and an elderly man are confined to a large van by the soldiers. The van is attacked by infected people, and the soldiers try to fight them off, killing both the soldiers and diseased people. The old man wanders off, muttering about the price of gasoline before being captured by more soldiers. Clank and David commandeer the van, and the five of them try to find a way to escape from the town. They spend the night hiding in a building of the local country club.The next day, the group attempts to escape by traveling through the nearby woods, only to encounter a patrol of more soldiers as well as a civilian helicopter that the military commandeers. David and Clank open fire on the hovering helicopter, forcing it to crash-land. Later that same day, they come across a farmhouse occupied by a handful of soldiers. Hiding in the woods until night, David and Clank kill the sentries outside the house and hold three of the soldiers inside the house at gunpoint One of the captives tells David about the quarantine and a little about the virus which is in the town's water and that it makes people go crazy. When one of the soldiers reaches for his gun, Clank opens fire and kills all of the soldiers. Hiding out in the farmhouse for the night, David confides in Judy about the virus and that Kathy, Artie, and probably Clank are infected.Mad from the virus, Artie attempts to rape his likewise infected daughter Kathy, believing her to be his late wife. Discovering the pair, Clank beats Artie, who then apparently hangs himself. The next morning, a shaken Kathy wanders outside, only to be shot dead by soldiers. Believing himself to be infected, Clank kills several soldiers before being shot in the head, while David and Judy escape. That evening, Judy, now visibly infected, is killed by armed civilians despite David's efforts to save her. One of the civilians recognizes David and clearly identifies himself as a fellow firefighter, also uninfected and trying to escape. Angry and frightened, David surrenders to the military. David realizes that he is immune to the virus, but he spitefully keeps it a secret.The soldiers isolate Dr. Watts in the high school (the same place where the crazies are corralled), allowing him to use the simple chemistry lab. Watts' insists that he might find a cure in a proper laboratory, but he is threatened with brute force. When the doctor finally develops a possible cure, he is mistaken for one of the infected and forced into quarantine by the soldiers. The camera lingers over the doctor's face, leaving open the question of whether he has truly found a possible cure or is exhibiting the first signs of infection. The test tubes containing the vaccine are shattered after the doctor is pushed down a flight of stairs by a stampede of ""crazies.""The last scene shows a distraught Colonel Peckem being ordered to relocate to another infected town. He boards a helicopter, looking with sadness at the chaos of the town below."
Cabin in the Sky	1	"Little Joe, a man killed over gambling debts, is restored to life by angelic powers and given six months to redeem his soul and become worthy of entering Heaven—otherwise he will be condemned to Hell. Secretly guided by ""The General"" (the Lord's Angel), Little Joe gives up his shiftless ways and becomes a hardworking, generous, and loving husband to his wife Petunia, whom he had previously neglected. Unfortunately, demon Lucifer Jr. (the son of Satan himself), is determined to drag Little Joe to Hell. Lucifer arranges for Joe to become wealthy by winning a lottery, reintroduces Joe to beautiful gold-digger Georgia Brown, and manipulates marital discord between Joe and Petunia. Little Joe abandons his wife for Georgia, and the two embark on a life of hedonistic pleasure.As Little Joe and Georgia celebrate at a nightclub one evening, Petunia joins them, determined to win Joe back. Little Joe fights with Domino for Petunia and she prays for God to destroy the nightclub. A cyclone appears and leaves the nightclub in ruins, as Joe and Petunia lie dead in the ruins after being shot by Domino. Just as it appears that Joe's soul is lost forever, the angelic General informs him that Georgia Brown was so affected by the tragedy that she has donated all the money that he had given her to the church. On this technicality, Little Joe is allowed to go to Heaven with Petunia.As the two climb the Celestial Stairs, Joe suddenly wakes in his own bed. Joe had not been killed in the initial gambling-debt fracas, only wounded. All his supposed dealings with angels and demons were only a fever dream. Now genuinely reformed, Little Joe begins a new, happy life with his loving Petunia."
Paris Calling	0	Marianne Jannetier, a well-to-do Parisian, engaged to Andre Benoit, a high-ranking government official, flees the city when the goose-stepping Nazi storm-troopers arrive.
The Mirror	0	The film is divided into five unrelated segments with the mirror on an antique dressing table serving as the plot device.The first segment is set in a brothel in ancient China. A courtesan is murdered and her blood spills onto the mirror on her dressing table.The second segment is set in Shanghai in 1922. Mary, an heiress to a large mansion, receives an antique dressing table as a birthday gift. She notices that there is something strange about the mirror and starts receiving eerie phone calls reminding her about her dark secrets in the past. She had an affair with a professor who already had a family. In order to silence him and take over his mansion, she poisoned him to death. One night, her two servants confront her, tell her that they are actually the professor's daughters, and avenge their father.The third segment is set in Singapore in 1988 during the Ghost Festival. James, a lawyer, has a one-night stand with Lora and tries to get away in the morning but her burly brother, Roman, stops him and forces him to marry Lora. Lora moves into James's house and brings along an antique dressing table that she inherited from her deceased parents. One day, a woman approaches James and offers him a million dollars to defend her son, who has been accused of raping a lady and murdering her boyfriend. Overcome by greed, James ignores his conscience, defends the accused in court, and wins the case. James gets into a car accident later and his face is injured so badly that he has to undergo reconstructive surgery. When the bandages are removed, James is horrified to see that he now looks exactly like the rape victim's dead boyfriend.The fourth segment is set in Hong Kong in 1999. Ming's grandmother and Ming's cousin, Yu, are waiting for Ming to come home from his overseas studies. When Ming returns, he brings along his girlfriend, Judy, and announces his decision to marry her. Yu becomes very jealous because she is in love with Ming. One day, Ming and Judy purchase an antique dressing table from a shop and bring it home. Yu finds the mirror very weird and starts feeling uneasy. Judy's pet puppy also keeps barking at her. One night, the puppy is brutally killed, and Ming's grandmother goes missing on the following night. Ming's grandmother is eventually found dead with her body dismembered. Yu immediately becomes the suspect and gets arrested by the police. Later, Ming brings Judy to the mirror and tells her that he knows she murdered his grandmother so that she could inherit his grandmother's fortune. Judy reveals her true colours and tries to kill Ming but misses her step and ends up impaling herself on a pair of scissors stuck to the dressing table.The fifth segment is set in Taiwan in 2000. A woman approaches the antique dressing table and sees her eyeballs falling out from their sockets in her reflection in the mirror.
Speedway Junky	1	The film stars Jesse Bradford as Johnny, a young man with dreams of becoming a stock car racer. After he loses all of his money and possessions in Las Vegas, he drifts into the world of hustling, in the hope of making enough money to travel to Charlotte, North Carolina to join the car racing industry. He meets Eric (Jordan Brower), a gay hustler, who finds himself falling for Johnny. Jonathan Taylor Thomas also stars as Steve, a bisexual hustler, and Daryl Hannah plays Veronica, a former showgirl and prostitute who has served as a surrogate mother figure for Eric since his own mother died. Other than Veronica, the only thing Eric has to remind him of his mother is a silver dollar she gave him that he carries for good luck.Eric falls deeply in love with Johnny, and is saddened that his love will remain unrequited. Eric finds out that Johnny is a virgin and really wants to have sex with a woman, so Eric asks Veronica to have sex with Johnny. Under the guidance of Eric and with tips from Steve, Johnny slowly becomes a good hustler. Steve then asks Johnny to join him in entertaining some gay clients for a potentially large payment. Johnny refuses because it is Eric's birthday, much to the annoyance of Steve, who really needs the money from the clients who will only pay if both Steve and Johnny arrive. When Eric remains sombre, Johnny questions him, they argue, and Eric finally confesses his love for Johnny. Johnny tells Eric that he really cares for Eric too because Eric has been the best friend that he has ever had, and asks Eric to move with him to Charlotte. Delighted to find out that Johnny really cares for him, Eric agrees.J.T., a sociopathic drug dealer, tosses Johnny a package while running from the police. It contains crack cocaine and cash. Steve finds it in their place and steals it. When J.T. shows up looking for it, it's missing. J.T. holds Johnny hostage while Eric looks for Steven. Steven refuses to return the cash and the drugs, so Eric heads to Veronica's place. There he steals the gun belonging to her police officer boyfriend and heads home. J.T. is playing William Tell with Johnny, shooting a can of tomato soup off his head. Eric comes in and thinks Johnny's been shot. He gets into a gun battle with J.T., killing him. Johnny and Eric flee but Eric realizes he's been shot. Eric dies in Johnny's arms, giving Johnny his lucky silver dollar. At the bus station, Johnny puts the dollar in a slot machine and hits a jackpot. He buys a bus ticket and leaves town.A year later, Veronica is working as a cocktail waitress. She glances up at a television and sees Johnny. He's a member of a pit crew, having taken a step toward realizing his dream.
The Roots of Heaven	0	Set in French Equatorial Africa, the film tells the story of Morel (Trevor Howard), a crusading environmentalist who sets out to preserve the elephants from extinction as a lasting symbol of freedom for all humanity. He is helped by Minna (Juliette Gréco), a nightclub hostess, and Forsythe (Errol Flynn), a disgraced British military officer hoping to redeem himself.
Pest Man Wins	0	"The Stooges are pest exterminators who decide to drum up business by planting mice, moths, and ants in an unsuspecting house. They select a fancy mansion where a high society dinner party is being held. After successfully infesting the house with pests, the trio are predictably hired to clean up their own mess without interrupting the party. One highlight is the piano recital, whereby Johann Strauss II's ""Blue Danube Waltz"" is being played by party guest/pianist Mr. Philander (Vernon Dent). A chorus of cats replies, bewildering the audience and Mr. Philander. Chaos ensues inside suddenly when a mouse enters the piano, agitating the cats. The Stooges are forced to get the offending pest off the piano, destroying it in the process. After the piano incident passes, the Stooges start loitering around the pastry table. One things leads to another, and a massive pie fight ensues."
Sabse Bada Khiladi	2	Lallu (Akshay Kumar) is an orphan who was separated from his parents and brother in his childhood and has been brought up by foster parents. He travels to Bombay to look for a job and starts working as a loyal servant for rich businessman Jamna Das (Avtar Gill). One day he discovers Jamna Das's daughter Sunita (Mamta Kulkarni) drunk in a nightclub and takes her home. Jamna Das realises how loyal Lallu is and how he never took advantage of Sunita in her drunken state decides to get them married. Sunita immediately refuses as she is in love with Amit (Mohnish Behl). When Jamna Das suddenly dies of a heart attack, his will and testament reveals that Sunita must get married to Lallu or she will not be entitled to any of his wealth and estate. Seeing no other option she marries Lallu but decides to have him killed with the help of Amit so that she can inherit all of her father's wealth. Sunita and Amit succeed in their plan to kill Lallu by poisoning him, putting him into a car, and crashing it to make it look like an accident. His death is considered suspicious, and the case is assigned to Inspector Vijay Kumar (also Akshay Kumar), who is a lookalike of the supposedly deceased Lallu.Vijay also has a twin brother whom he lost during childhood. His brother was apparently murdered by Amit's father, Amar Singh (Sadashiv Amrapurkar), and the latter had raped a close friend's wife, who was Jamna Das's wife Gomti (Anjana Mumtaz). Later Gomti dies of a heart attack when in court Amar Singh (as a lawyer) falsely proves his 'innocence' and renders her guilty. This fact is not known by Sunita. But Vijay swears revenge against Amar Singh for what he did.The twist in the story comes when Lallu appears before Sunita and Amit, who have presumed him to be dead. He then terrorizes them at their house and, when Amit finally owns up to the crime, out come the police to arrest Amit and Sunita. Lallu says he is none other than Inspector Vijay Kumar. Vijay reveals that it was his plan to frame Amit and his father. It was he who had come as Lallu in the first place, told Jamna Das to enact the heart attack, took Sunita into confidence, done all the pretense, and finally they had gotten Amit into trouble. Because now Amit is guilty of 'murdering Lallu', Inspector K. Kada (Gulshan Grover), a cunning inspector who had helped cover the crime, is also arrested.Amit is taken into custody. Amar and K. Kada hatch a plan to release Amit and send him out of the country. They go to Vijay's police station on the pretext of meeting Amit and, as part of a plan hatched by Amar, a fight breaks out near the station, to which Vijay responds. At that moment, they release Amit, knock K. Kada out, and immolate him after Amit exchanges clothes with him. By the time Vijay realizes whats happening, it is too late. Amit escapes to the airport; Amar goes to court and accuses Vijay of burning his son. But Vijay manages to save K. Kada. He then says that Vijay is the biggest player ('Sabse Bada Khiladi') and helps Vijay nab Amit.The film reaches a climax when Vijay chases Amit all the way to the abandoned airport with K. Kada following in a helicopter. Eventually they burst many stationary aircraft to shreds and destroy the hangar, with both chasing and trying to kill the even through the raging fires. Amit shoots K. Kada in the chopper from his car. But Vijay manages to nab him.Finally they reach court, where Vijay produces Amit, the dead K. Kada, and everything is out in the open. Amar is now forced to say that he was the one who killed Lallu and raped Gomti, to save his son now. Unfortunately he is not able to prove it and save his son because he has destroyed all the evidence. A frustrated Amar tries to shoot Vijay but is foiled. They are then arrested.
Ladies Only	0	Three girls from different regions of India, Sabita Devi (Gujarat), Bibbo (Punjab), and Prabha (Bengal) meet at a railway station. With no place to stay they decide to find accommodation together. A cook (Bhudo Advani) joins them speaking the language from each state. A young crook (Surendra) enters their life and trouble starts brewing between the girls when they all fall in love with him.
Sidecar Racers	0	Jeff Rayburn, an American surfer visiting Australia, gets involved in the world of sidecar motorcycle racing. He becomes friends with Dave Ferguson and the two of them form a champion team.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire	1	"Harry Potter awakens from a nightmare wherein Frank Bryce is killed after overhearing Lord Voldemort conspiring with Peter Pettigrew and another man. Harry attends the Quidditch World Cup between Ireland and Bulgaria with the Weasleys. After the game, Death Eaters terrorise the camp, and the man who appeared in Harry's dream summons the Dark Mark.At Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore introduces ex-Auror Alastor ""Mad-Eye"" Moody as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. He also announces that the school will host the legendary event known as the Triwizard Tournament, in which three magical schools compete by facing three dangerous challenges. The Goblet of Fire selects ""champions"" to take part in the competition: Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff representing Hogwarts, Viktor Krum representing the Durmstrang Institute from Central Europe, and Fleur Delacour representing Beauxbatons Academy of Magic from France. The Goblet unexpectedly chooses a fourth champion: Harry Potter. Dumbledore cannot pull the underage Harry out of the tournament, as Ministry official Barty Crouch Sr. insists that after being selected, the champions are bound by a contract.For the first task, each champion must retrieve a golden egg guarded by a dragon. Harry succeeds in retrieving the egg, which contains information about the second challenge. Shortly after, another event known as the Yule Ball, a formal dance takes place; Harry's crush Cho Chang attends with Cedric, and Hermione Granger attends with Viktor, making Ron jealous. During the second task, the champions must dive underwater to rescue their mates. Harry comes out in third place, but is placed second behind Cedric due to his ""moral fibre"" after saving Fleur's sister Gabrielle as well as Ron. Afterwards, Harry finds the corpse of Barty Crouch Sr., then visits Dumbledore at his office, and while waiting for him, discovers a Pensieve, which holds Dumbledore's memories. Harry witnesses a trial in which Igor Karkaroff, Durmstrang Institute's Headmaster, confesses to the Ministry of Magic names of other Death Eaters, after Voldemort's defeat. When he names Severus Snape as one, Dumbledore vouches for Snape's innocence; Snape turned spy against Voldemort before the latter's downfall. As Karkaroff names Barty Crouch Jr., a devastated Barty Crouch Sr. imprisons his son in Azkaban. Exiting the Pensieve, Harry realises the man he saw in his dream is Barty Crouch Jr.For the final task, the champions enter a hedge maze, and must reach the Triwizard Cup. Viktor, under the influence of the Imperius Curse, incapacitates Fleur. After Harry saves Cedric when the maze attacks him, the two claim a draw and together grab the cup, which turns out to be a Portkey and transports them to a graveyard where Pettigrew and Voldemort are waiting. Pettigrew kills Cedric with the Killing Curse and performs a ritual that rejuvenates Voldemort, who then summons the Death Eaters. Voldemort releases Harry in order to beat him in a duel to prove he is the better wizard. Unable to defend himself, Harry tries the Expelliarmus charm at the same moment that Voldemort attempts the Killing Curse. The beams from their wands entwine, and Voldemort's wand disgorges the last spells it performed. The spirits of the people he murdered materialise in the graveyard, including Harry's parents and Cedric. Voldemort and his Death Eaters are distracted, allowing Harry to escape with Cedric's body by grabbing the Portkey.Harry tells Dumbledore that Voldemort returned and killed Cedric. Moody takes Harry back to his office to interrogate him about Lord Voldemort, inadvertently blowing his cover when he asks Harry whether there were ""others in the graveyard"" though Harry never mentioned a graveyard. Moody reveals that he submitted Harry's name to the Goblet of Fire and manipulated Harry throughout the tournament to ensure he would win. Moody attempts to attack Harry, but Dumbledore, Snape, and Minerva McGonagall intervene and subdue him. The teachers force Moody to drink Veritaserum, a truth-telling potion, and he reveals that the real Moody is imprisoned in a magical trunk. The false Moody's Polyjuice Potion wears off, revealing him as Barty Crouch Jr. Crouch Jr. is returned to Azkaban.Dumbledore reveals to the students that Voldemort killed Cedric, although the Ministry of Magic opposes the revelation. Later Dumbledore visits Harry in his dormitory, apologising to him for the dangers he endured. Harry reveals that he saw his parents in the graveyard; Dumbledore names this effect as ""Priori Incantatem"". Soon after Hogwarts, Durmstrang, and Beauxbatons bid farewell to each other."
Anna and the Apocalypse	1	When the zombie apocalypse hits the sleepy town of Little Haven at Christmas, teenager Anna and her high school friends have to fight, sing and dance to survive, with the undead horde all around them.
Political Rowdy	0	Vithal (Mohan Babu) is a rowdy who commands respect from state heads like CM. He hates women and remains a bachelor even at the age of 45. Kaveri (Charmme Kaur) is a naughty college student. She grabs the attention of Vithal and makes him fall in love with her. She does it for fun, though she is in a love with another guy (Abbas). Vithal proposes her, but she could not say no to him due to fear. The rest is all about how all ends well.
High Fidelity	1	"Rob Gordon is a self-confessed music loving everyman with a poor understanding of women. He is dumped by his latest girlfriend, Laura, and attempts to understand what is the failure in his relationships by seeking out old partners.By day, he holds court at his record store, Championship Vinyl, where customers drift through. His helping hands, especially with musical elitism, are Dick and Barry, the ""musical moron twins"". Armed with an encyclopedic knowledge of all things musical, they compile ""top five"" lists for every conceivable occasion, openly mock the tastes of their customers and sell a few records.Two shoplifting skateboarder teenagers, Vince and Justin are bothers to them until Rob listens to a recording that they made as The Kinky Wizards. He offers them a record deal to start off his own label called Top 5 Records. During his off hours, he pines for Laura and does his best to win her back.Rob soon hears that Laura's father, who liked Rob, has died, and attends his funeral with her. Shortly after the reception, Rob realizes he has always had one foot out-of-the-door and never committed to her. He realizes by doing so he has neglected his own future. They resume cohabitation. He meets a music columnist and a crush develops, but then he wonders while making a mixtape for her, if he will always just be jumping from rock to rock.He explains to her how other girls are just fantasies, Laura is a reality, and he never tires of her. He proposes marriage; she thanks him for asking. She organizes for him to revisit a love of his youth: dee-jaying. It is also a celebration of the recently released single by the two delinquents, where Barry's band plays ""Let's Get It On"". Surprised that Barry's band is not a disaster, Rob holds Laura, and they both sway to the music. Rob makes a mixtape for Laura, feeling that he has finally learned how to make her happy."
Hound-Dog Man	0	In 1912, Clint McKinney and his younger brother Spud talk their father Aaron into letting them go on a hunting trip with their older friend, the womanizing Blackie Scantling.
Hitchcock	1	In 1959, Alfred Hitchcock opens his latest film, North by Northwest, to considerable success, but is troubled by a reporter's insinuation that he should retire. Seeking to reclaim the artistic daring of his youth, Hitchcock turns down film proposals, including Casino Royale and The Diary of Anne Frank, in favor of a horror novel called Psycho by Robert Bloch, based on the real-life crimes of murderer Ed Gein. Gein appears in sequences throughout the film, in which he seems to prompt Hitchcock's imagination regarding the Psycho story, or act as some function of Hitchcock's subconscious mind (for instance, drawing Hitchcock's attention to sand on his bathroom floor, the quantity of which reveals how much time his wife Alma has been spending at the beachhouse with Whitfield Cook).Hitchcock's wife and artistic collaborator, Alma, is no more enthusiastic about the idea than his colleagues, especially since she is being lobbied by their writer friend, Whitfield Cook, to look at his own screenplay. However, she warms to Hitchcock's proposal, suggesting the innovative plot turn of killing the female lead early in the film. The studio heads at Paramount prove more difficult to persuade, forcing Hitchcock to finance the film personally and use his Alfred Hitchcock Presents television crew (over at competitor Revue/Universal) to shoot the film, his last with Paramount.However, the pressures of the production, such as dealing with Geoffrey Shurlock of the Motion Picture Production Code, and Hitchcock's lecherous habits, such as when they confer with the female lead, Janet Leigh, annoy Alma. She begins a personal writing collaboration with Whitfield Cook on his screenplay at his beach house without Hitchcock's knowledge. Hitchcock eventually discovers what she has been doing and suspects her of having an affair. This concern affects Hitchcock's work on Psycho. Hitchcock eventually confronts Alma and asks her if she is having an affair. Alma angrily denies it.Alma temporarily takes over production of the film when Hitchcock is bedridden after collapsing from overwork, but this sequence, which included a complicated process shot showing Detective Arbogast's demise, with Alma's specification of a 35mm lens, instead of the 50mm lens preferred by Hitchcock for this film, proved to be the least effective in the film.Meanwhile, Hitchcock expresses his disappointment to Vera Miles at how she didn't follow through on his plan to make her the next biggest star after Grace Kelly, but Miles says she is happy with her family life.Hitchcock's cut of Psycho is poorly received by the studio executives, while Alma discovers Whitfield having sex with a younger woman at his beach house. Hitchcock and Alma reconcile and set to work on improving the film. Their renewed collaboration yields results, culminating in Alma convincing Hitchcock to accept their composer's suggestion for adding Bernard Herrmann's harsh strings score to the shower scene.After maneuvering Shurlock into leaving the film's content largely intact, Hitchcock learns the studio is only going to open the film in two theaters. Hitchcock arranges for special theater instructions to pique the public's interest such as forbidding admittance after the film begins. At the film's premiere, Hitchcock first views the audience from the projection booth, looking out through its small window at them. Hitchcock then waits in the lobby for the audience's reaction, conducting slashing motions to their reactions as they scream on cue. The film is rewarded with an enthusiastic reception.With the film's screening so well received, Hitchcock publicly thanks his wife for helping make it possible and they affirm their love and partnership. At the conclusion at his home, Hitchcock addresses the audience noting Psycho proved a major high point of his career and he is currently pondering his next project. A raven lands on his shoulder, before he turns to meet with his wife.The final title cards say that Hitchcock directed six more films after Psycho, none of which would eclipse its commercial success, and although he never won an Oscar, the American Film Institute awarded him its Life Achievement Award in 1979: an award that he claimed he shared, as he had his life, with his wife, Alma.
Flirt	1	In New York, Bill (Bill Sage) struggles to decide whether he has a future with Emily (Parker Posey), while attempting to restrain Walter (Martin Donovan), the angry husband of a woman he thinks he might be in love with.In Berlin, Dwight (Dwight Ewell) has a similar experience with his lover, while the events that befall Miho in Tokyo take a more dramatic turn.
Cock of the Air	2	"Parisian cabaret performer Lilli de Rousseau (Billie Dove), performing as Jean d'Arc on stage, is asked to leave the country by several diplomats as she is a distraction to high-ranking officers. She is set up with a villa in Italy, and Captain Tonnino (Luis Alberni) as her guardian. Lilli is also smitten by Lieutenant Roger Craig (Chester Morris) who has a reputation as a ""Don Juan"". She keeps her identity a secret from Roger, and begins to woo him, but remains elusive.When her understudy in Paris begins getting accolades, Lilli presses Roger to take her there for a drink at the Ritz, although she has been forbidden to return. Roger risks arrest and his military career to fly her and his mechanic, Terry (Matt Moore), to Paris. After a night on the town, Roger is afraid he will be picked up by the MPs, as he is absent without leave.Terry is arrested for disorderly conduct and impersonating an officer, but is released and learns that the MPS will also drop charges against Roger. Lilli performs again as Jean d'Arc and tells Roger to join her at the theater. After she receives an ovation, she admits she promised to return to Italy in exchange for keeping Roger out of jail, and accepts Roger's marriage proposal."
Stage to Thunder Rock	1	In his last act before retirement, Horne, a western sheriff, tracks down the Sawyer brothers, who have robbed a bank of $50,000. He kills one and apprehends the other. Ross Sawyer, a wanted outlaw and father of the boys, intends to intercept the stagecoach before Horne can bring his son Reese to justice.Leah Parker returns to her family, who run the stagecoach depot. The Parkers are in dire need of money and hope Leah can help, although her reputation as a lady is in question. Without her daughter's knowledge, Myra Parker accepts a bribe to help the Sawyers defeat the sheriff.Also in need of money to help his blind daughter, Sam Swope is deputized by the town and goes after Ross Sawyer, but is shot. Horne shoots it out with Ross and prevails, then turns in his badge and plans to settle down with Leah.
Panama Lady	1	"Panama Lady is a cleaned-up remake of the 1932 Helen Twelvetrees film vehicle Panama Flo. Lucille Ball essays the old Twelvetrees role as Lucy, a nightclub ""hostess"" stranded in Panama by her ex-lover Roy (Donald Briggs).Victimized by a shakedown orchestrated by Roy, oil rigger McTeague (Allan Lane) holds Lucy responsible. To avoid landing in jail, Lucy agrees to accompany McTeague to his oil camp as his housekeeper. Assuming she's been brought to this godforsaken spot strictly for illicit purposes, Lucy eventually realizes that McTeague's intentions are honorable: All he wants is his money back, and he expects our heroine to work off the debt on her feet.Ultimately, Lucy and McTeague fall in love, but not before the scurrilous Roy re-enters her life."
Giovanni's Island	1	"The story follows two brothers, Junpei and Kanta, who live on the island of Shikotan, shortly after World War II. On August 15, 1945, Soviet soldiers land on Shikotan and occupy the island. Junpei and Kanta, who live with their grandfather, a fisherman, and their father, the head of the firefighting force of the village, are forced to move to the stables while the Russian commander's family, among them the commander's daughter Tanya, move into the main house. At school, Russian children occupy half the building, and Tanya and the other Russian kids begin to mingle with the Japanese children at recess. After a playground jostle makes Junpei bump into Tanya, they become friends and the two brothers are subsequently invited to Tanya's house for dinner. The brothers' uncle, Hideo, asks Junpei to light signal fires at night so that he can make trips to the main island for rations as they are running low on rice. Meanwhile, their father, Tatsuo, with the help of their school teacher, Sawako, secretly supplies the rest of the village with foodstuff from the Dawn Corps' emergency stores. When Hideo finds out about this, he tries to smuggle the food to sell outside the island, but gets caught instead. Tatsuo rushes to the cave where the Dawn Corps' supplies are kept and gets arrested.On September 25, 1947, the Japanese on the island are made to assemble at the harbour sent back to the mainland. Junpei and Kanta set out with Sawako, while their grandfather chooses to stay behind, determined to spend his last moments on the sea. The three are reunited with Hideo while boarding the ship, and arrive at an internment camp at Maoka, in western Karafuto, a few days later, where they wait for the ship that will take them back to Japan. Hideo finds out that Tatsuo is alive and at another internment camp on the other side of the mountains ""just a stone's throw away"". Kanta, taking his words literally, sets out to meet his father, aided by Junpei. Sawako and Hideo track the two down the next day, and to Hideo's surprise, Sawako decides to visit Tatsuo's camp as well. The four of them drive to a pillbox where they spend the night, but in the morning they spot Soviet soldiers who've managed to track them down, and Hideo runs ahead as a decoy while Sawako and the children make their escape.56 years later, Sawako and Junpei return to Shikotan and pay their respects at Tatsuo and Kanta's graves. Junpei's school holds a graduation ceremony for those who never managed to have it, and a blonde girl, Tanya's granddaughter, approaches Junpei at dinner. She hands him a notebook, containing one of Junpei's sketches of Tanya, and Junpei gives her his old copy of ""Night on the Galactic Railroad"" in return."
Rosie!	1	Rosie Lord (Russell) is a widowed millionaire who, much to the dismay of her daughters Mildred (Meadows) and Edith (Brown), spends her money generously. When she announces she intends to buy a $2.5 million closed theater in a run-down part of Los Angeles, because it is the location where her late husband proposed to her and it is now threatened to be turned into a parking lot, her daughters decide that they have had enough. Edith and her husband Cabot (Nielsen) complain that they are only granted $100,000 a year, and work together with cold-hearted and recently divorced Mildred to discourage Rosie from buying the theater. They are unable to convince her and her legal advisor Oliver (Aherne) to let them take care of her money, and thus decide to try to declare her incompetent, thereby hoping to put her in an insane asylum. Edith and Cabot's young daughter Daphne (Dee) is appalled to overhear the scheme, and vows to help her grandmother.Daphne rushes to Oliver's office, but runs into his much younger associate David Wheelwright (Farentino), who promises to help her after an emotional conversation. Oliver is upset to find out that one of his workers is taking matters in own hands, and meets with David to hear him out. David advises that they should put someone with Rosie to prevent her from doing anything outrageous, because their daughters are sending a private investigator to the case. Oliver takes his advice, but sends him on the job. David reluctantly starts the job, but is quickly drawn to Rosie's extraverted personality. Simultaneously, he goes on a few romantic dates with Daphne and they fall in love.After attending a piano recital, Rosie is abducted by two men, and later awakens in a locked rest home for the mentally unstable in the Santa Monica mountains. Rosie is heartbroken to learn that her daughters committed her to a sanitarium, and rejects an offer from Cabot to sign the papers for her release in exchange for making them responsible of her finances. He assures her that they can keep her in the sanitarium indefinitely if she does not obey their wishes, prompting Rosie to reconsider. Meanwhile, Daphne finds out what has happened, and furiously leaves the home, despite her mother's plea not to leave her.With the help of Oliver and David, Daphne enters the rest home and breaks Rosie out. Rosie, who cannot believe what her own daughters did to her, is next sued in court. Mildred and Edith's lawyer puts Rosie's sanity at debate, and Rosie is ready to announce her defeat during the process. Daphne and Oliver console her during the trial, and when Oliver announces his love for her, Rosie decides to fight again. She faints in court and pretends to be dying, to get her daughters to admit that she is sane (in order for Rosie to change her will just before dying). The case is thereby dismissed and Rosie is now free to marry Oliver.
Chungakkarum Veshyakalum (ചുങ്കക്കാരും വേശ്യകളും)	0	Chungakkarum Veshyakalum is the story of a Malayali family who emigrated to Canada some years back. Later Unnunnichayan (Thilakan) goes to Canada to stay with his son. He is from a village in Kerala and finds it difficult to adjust with the Canadian lifestyle. He faced difficulties since he does not know English or the Canadian people. On occasions, even his son got angry with him for his mistakes or ignorant behaviour.
The Eagle	1	In the year AD 140, twenty years after the Ninth Legion disappeared in the north of Britain, Marcus Flavius Aquila, a young Roman centurion, arrives in Roman Britain to serve at his first post as a garrison commander. Marcus's father, who was the Senior Centurion of the ninth, disappeared with the eagle standard of the ill-fated legion, and Marcus hopes to redeem his family's honour by bravely serving in Britain. Shortly afterwards, only Marcus's alertness and decisiveness save the garrison from being overrun by Celtic tribesmen. He is decorated for his bravery but honourably discharged due to a severe leg injury.Living at his uncle's estate near Calleva (modern Silchester) in southern Britain, Marcus has to cope with his military career having been cut short and his father's name still being held in disrepute. Hearing rumours that the eagle standard has been seen in the north of Britain, Aquila decides to recover it. Despite the warnings of his uncle and his fellow Romans, who believe that no Roman can survive north of Hadrian's Wall, he travels north into the territory of the Picts, accompanied only by his slave, Esca. The son of a deceased chieftain of the Brigantes, Esca detests Rome and what it stands for, but considers himself bound to Marcus, who saved his life during an amphitheatre show.After several weeks of travelling through the northern wilderness, Esca and Marcus encounter Guern, a Roman born Lucius Caius Metellus, one of the survivors of the Ninth Legion, who attributes his survival to the hospitality of the Selgovae tribe. Guern recalls that all but a small number of deserters were killed in an ambush by the northern tribes – including Esca's Brigantes – and that the eagle standard was taken away by the Seal People, the most vicious of the tribes. The two travel further north until they are found by the Seal People. Identifying himself as a chieftain's son fleeing Roman rule and claiming Marcus as his slave, Esca is welcomed by the tribe. After allowing the Seal People to mistreat Marcus, Esca eventually reveals that his actions were a ploy and helps his master to find the eagle. As they retrieve it, they are ambushed by several warriors, including the Seal Prince's father, the chief of the tribe. Marcus and Esca manage to kill them. Prior to dying, the chief reveals that he killed Marcus's father, who apparently begged for his life. Further more, the chief is revealed to be wearing Marcus's fathers ring. Marcus does not understand Celtic and asks Esca to translate, but Esca never reveals the fate of Marcus's father. With the aid of the Seal Prince's young son, they escape from the village.The two flee south in an effort to reach Hadrian's Wall, with the Seal People in pursuit. Marcus, slowed by his old battle wound, orders Esca to take the eagle back to Roman territory and even grants the reluctant slave his freedom. Freed, Esca still refuses to abandon his friend and instead heads out to look for help. He returns with the survivors of the Ninth Legion just as the Seal People catch up with them. Guern reveals to Marcus that he saw Marcus's father die; He assures Marcus that his father was not a coward and fought to the end. The legionaries, wishing to redeem themselves, accept Aquila as their commander and prepare to defend the eagle standard. As an example to those who would betray their people, the Seal Prince kills his young son in front of Esca, Marcus, and the legionaries. He then orders his warriors to attack. A battle ensues, in which all the Seal Warriors are killed, along with most of the Ninth Legion soldiers, including Guern. Marcus kills the Seal Prince by drowning him in the river. With the enemy defeated, the bodies of both Britons and Romans are laid out by the victors. As Marcus commends their valour, he lights a funeral pyre for Guern. As Guern is cremated, Marcus, Esca and the few survivors of the Ninth return to Roman territory, where Aquila delivers the eagle to the astonished governor in Londinium. There is some talk of the Ninth Legion being reformed with Marcus as its commander. But when Marcus and Esca wonder what they will do next, Marcus leaves the decision to Esca.An alternative ending is featured in the DVD. Marcus decides to burn the eagle standard on the altar where the final battle occurred, instead of delivering it to the Roman governor. He tells Esca that he does this because the eagle belongs to the men who fought for it. Marcus and Esca are then shown approaching Hadrian's Wall on foot and talking about their plans for the future.
Downtown	1	Police Officer Alex Kearney (Edwards) is a patrolman in Bryn Mawr, a rich plush suburb of Philadelphia until he stops an important businessman and his story of the incident is not believed. He is sent to work Downtown, the most dangerous, crime filled precinct in the city. Everyone there is sure that this 'by the book' suburb pampered cop is going to get himself and whoever is assigned as his partner, killed. Sergeant Dennis Curren (Whitaker) draws the unfortunate 'babysitting' assignment but when Alex's best friend is killed investigating a stolen car, Alex throws the book out the window tracking down the killer.
The Long Dark Hall	0	After a showgirl is found murdered shortly after she begins an affair with Arthur Groome, a married man, he becomes the prime suspect for the murder.[1]
 Angst	0	Angst tells the story of a group of horror film devotees living in Sydney's King's Cross. There's Dean (Sam Lewis), a cynical, sexually frustrated video store employee with a bad case of unresolved love. Then there are his flatmates Ian (Justin Smith) and Jade (Jessica Napier) - Ian works in an adult bookstore, waiting for his break as a stand-up comedian, whereas Jade doesn't work at all, content to smoke pot and watch videos while she can still get away with it. Wandering into our characters' lives is street kid Mole (Luke Lennox), who challenges Jade's lifestyle by stealing the trio's trusty VCR, and the alluring May (Abi Tucker), a goth chick on whom Dean develops an over-the-counter crush. It has been described as an Australian version of Kevin Smith's Clerks and Mallrats with the same Dark humor as SubUrbia.
Crack in the Mirror	0	In a rundown Paris dwelling, an angry Hagolin accuses mistress Eponine of seeing a man named Larnier behind his back. In a party at a stately home, meanwhile, prosperous attorney Lamerciere's guests include his longtime mistress, Florence, and his young law partner, Claude.Eponine wants to murder Hagolin and attempts to, but fails. Larnier intervenes on her behalf, but merely wanted to gag Hagolin with a scarf before Eponine strangles the man with it. The body is dismembered and dumped, then Eponine is placed under arrest.Claude, who is secretly Florence's lover, feels he deserves credit for much of Lamerciere's courtroom success. He leaps at the opportunity when Eponine asks him to defend her. Lamerciere caustically remarks that Claude and Florence could do to him exactly what the accused woman and lover Larnier did to their victim Hagolin.In court, Lamerciere manages to persuade Claude to let him make the closing argument. He paints such a lurid picture of Eponine's crime that it gets her convicted. His gaze at Florence makes it clear that he knows she has been unfaithful.
Young and Innocent	2	On a stormy night, at a retreat on the English coast, Christine Clay (Pamela Carme), a successful actress, argues passionately with her jealous ex-husband Guy (George Curzon). Not accepting her Reno divorce as valid, he accuses her of having an affair. Finally, she slaps him and he leaves the room. While they had been arguing, his eyes twitched violently; they continue to do so when, once outside, he turns angrily to look at the closed door behind him.The next morning, Robert Tisdall (Derrick De Marney) happens to be walking along the seaside when Christine's dead body washes ashore. He recognizes her, and runs for help. Two young women arrive just in time to see him racing away from the corpse. The police quickly decide that Tisdall is the only suspect. Christine was strangled with the belt from a raincoat; his raincoat is missing and he says it was recently stolen. He admits knowing the victim from three years ago when he sold her a story, but the authorities assume the two have been having an affair. When they learn that she has left him money in her will (unknown to him), they feel they have hit upon motive and Tisdall is arrested.Scotland Yard detectives grill him all night. The next morning, he faints and his revived with the aid of Erica Burgoyne (Nova Pilbeam), daughter of the local police Chief Constable. Tisdall is assigned an incompetent barrister, and is taken into court for his formal arraignment. Doubting if his innocence will ever be established, he takes advantage of overcrowding in the courthouse to escape, wearing the barrister's eyeglasses as a disguise. He gets away by riding on the running board of Erica's Morris car, revealing himself to her after the car runs out of petrol.He helps push the car to a filling station, pays for petrol, and convinces her to give him a ride. Though she is initially fearful and unsure about her passenger, Erica eventually becomes convinced of his innocence and chooses to help him in any way that she can. They are eventually spotted together, forcing both to stay on the run from the police. Tisdall tries to prove his innocence by tracking down the stolen coat: if it still has its belt, the one found next to Christine's body must not be his.The duo succeed in tracing Tisdall's coat to Old Will (Edward Rigby), a homeless, but sociable, china-mender. But Will was not the thief; he was given the coat by a man with twitchy eyes. And when Will received the coat, its belt was missing.Separated from the group, Erica is taken in by the police. Upon realizing that his daughter has fully allied herself with a murder suspect (in fact, she and Tisdall are in love), her father chooses to resign his position as Chief Constable rather than arrest her for assisting a felon. Tisdall sneaks into their house to see her, intending to surrender next, but she mentions that the coat had a box of matches from the Grand Hotel in a pocket. Tisdall has never been there: perhaps the murderer has a connection to the hotel.Erica and Will go to the hotel together, hoping to find him. In a memorably long, continuous sequence, the camera pans right from their entrance to the hotel and then moves forward from the very back of the hotel ballroom, finally focusing in extreme closeup on the drummer in a dance band performing in blackface. His eyes are twitching. He is Guy.Recognizing Old Will in the audience, and seeing policemen nearby (actually they have followed Will in the hopes of finding Tisdall), Guy performs poorly due to fear. He is berated by the conductor and, during a break, takes medicine to try to control the twitching, but it makes him very sleepy. Eventually, in mid-performance, Guy passes out, drawing the attention of Erica and the police. Immediately after being revived and confronted, he confesses his crime and begins laughing hysterically.Erica then tells her father that she thinks it is time they invited Tisdall to their home for dinner.
Bale Bale Magadivoy	2	"Lucky is an absent-minded junior botanist who is easily distracted by other tasks while working on his current research. His father arranges his marriage with the daughter of Panduranga Rao, a senior botanist. Rao decides to break the alliance after learning about Lucky's mental condition and warns him not to show up again. On his way to donate blood to his boss, Lucky falls in love with Nandana, a kuchipudi dance teacher, and gets diverted. He creates a positive impression by unknowingly donating blood to one of her students.In their frequent meetings, Lucky keeps forgetting things (such as going out without his shoes, giving away his motorbike keys to a beggar, etc.), but manages to hide this shortcoming from Nandana by claiming he is a philanthropist. He is unaware of the fact that Nandana is Rao's daughter, the young woman whom he was supposed to marry before. Rao's friend's son Ajay, a police inspector, also falls in love with Nandana, while she is waiting for Lucky's proposal. When he tries to propose on her birthday, Lucky ends up taking Nandana's pregnant sister-in-law, who is experiencing labour pains, to a nearby hospital. After the delivery, Nandana proposes to Lucky, and they become a couple.Nandana informs Lucky that her father has accepted their proposal and wants to meet him. Lucky and Rao meet as strangers when Rao insults Lucky after an incident with a little girl who was about to fall into a pond. Lucky later realises that Nandana is Rao's daughter and flees. Lucky and Nandana plan to meet later. Lucky makes a friend of his pose as Nandana's lover, and joins Rao as an apprentice.When Nandana's relatives attend the naming ceremony of the new born child, Rao's nephew assumes Lucky's friend is her potential lover, and all the others assume Lucky is Nandana's suitor. Rao's nephew becomes further confused when Lucky visits a sick Nandana to spend some quality time with her. Days later, Rao wants Lucky to escort Nandana and her relatives to Srisailam. Lucky, driving, misses a turn and reaches the outskirts of Bangalore. He takes them to a nearby temple and explains that it is a very special and historically significant temple.Ajay, who is confused about the identity of Nandana's lover (as Lucky and his friend keep changing places depending on who is around at the moment) manages to get a video of Lucky romancing Nandana. When they all arrive back home, Ajay reveals Lucky's mental condition to Nandana, and they break up. On the day of Nandana's engagement with Ajay, Rao, who has become aware of the sincerity of Lucky's love, advises her to choose Lucky over Ajay. When Ajay makes it clear he intends to marry Nandana by force, Rao challenges Lucky to stop it, this time without forgetting.Rao meets Lucky and reveals that he has been aware of his love for Nandana since the moment she and Lucky met at the hospital, and that, since then, he has been watching to see how Lucky's amnesia might affect his relationship with Nandana. Lucky visits the temple where the marriage is scheduled to take place but ends up forgetting, instead buying a lemon soda. However, this turns out to be a trick, as he wants to lure Ajay's henchmen into a false sense of security. He reaches the original marriage venue (actually an aluminium factory) in time with help from Ajay's henchmen and informally weds Nandana there after a duel with Ajay.A week later, Rao visits Nandana and Lucky, a married couple, who tell him that Lucky's condition has been improved post marriage. During their conversations, Rao says that Ajay has been missing for a week and his father is concerned. Lucky remembers that he tied Ajay with a rope at the factory. When he reaches the spot, and Ajay asks why he did not release him, Lucky replies, ""Sorry boss, I forgot!""."
Tere Naam	2	Radhe Mohan (Salman Khan) is an ex college rowdy who uses violence as the only way to deal with people. He lives with his brother, a Magistrate (Sachin Khedekar), and his sister-in-law (Savita Prabhune), who is the only person who seems to understand him properly.Radhe wins the elections to the college's Students Union, which is followed by celebrations and on-campus fighting between the rival candidates.Radhe has many sycophants surrounding him. He comes across a timid girl, Nirjara (Bhumika Chawla), who is the daughter of a poor temple priest, falls crazily in love with her due to her simplicity and innocence and starts to woo her. Radhe expresses his feelings for her, but she initially rejects him, which leaves Radhe heartbroken. One day, Nirjara's fiance Rameshwar (Ravi Kishan) tells Nirjara that Radhe seems rude from outside but is golden-hearted from inside,[clarification needed] and he truly loves her. Nirjara feels warm for Radhe, but then Radhe kidnaps her, expresses his deep and passionate feelings for her and forces her to fall in love with him.After Nirjara falls in love with him, Radhe is attacked by brothel goons, who take revenge on him after he interferes with their business. Radhe suffers brain damage and ends up in a mental institution (Ashram). With amnesia and having developed unusual behavior, he starts to remember things. At one point, he returns to normal and tries to escape by climbing over the gates, but falls and ends up with serious injuries.Nirjara visits Radhe while he is asleep and healing from his injuries. She leaves with this woeful memory of him.[vague] As she is about to leave the institution, Radhe wakes up and realizes that she had come to see him. He calls out for Nirjara, but she does not hear him.Insistent upon seeing her again, he makes another attempt to leave the institution and this time is successful. When he arrives at her house, he learns that Nirjara committed suicide during her wedding to another man, as she loses a hope of reuniting with Radhe.Distraught after what he saw, he just walks out, and his previous friends and his family try to help him regain his memory. Despite being aware of what is happening, Radhe pretends to be unconscious. At that point, wardens from the mental institution come to take him back. Radhe lives with them as he has nothing to live for after his true love's death. Years later, Radhe, now old and still in the ashram, has surrendered his whole life in the name of his true love.
Sinbad the Sailor	1	"The story begins with Sinbad (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.) regaling a group of travelers around a night-time campfire. When his listeners become bored with his often repeated tales, Sinbad tells them about his ""eighth"" voyage.With his friend, Abbu (George Tobias), Sinbad salvages a ship whose crew has been poisoned. On board, he finds a map to the lost treasure of Alexander the Great on the fabled island of Deryabar. However, when he sails to Basra, the ship is confiscated by the local Khan, to be sold at auction. Sinbad obtains an agreement that he may keep the ship if there are no bids. He scares away all the bidders with not-so-subtle comments about the ship being cursed. At the last moment, one bidder appears, a veiled woman borne by four servants. She is Shireen (O'Hara), part of the harem of the powerful Emir of Daibul (Anthony Quinn). Sinbad bids against her and ends up owing a huge sum he cannot pay. He steals the auctioneer's own money to pay for the ship.Visiting Shireen that night in her garden, Sinbad learns of a mysterious and deadly person known as Jamal, who will stop at nothing to acquire the treasure. Jamal, only vaguely seen behind a curtain, makes an attempt on Sinbad's life. Sinbad escapes and steals the ship, acquiring a rough crew to man it. Strange stories of the evil Jamel circulate among the crew, but no one alive has ever seen him.After several days, Sinbad sails to another port and goes, risking death, to visit Shireen in the harem. He is captured, but because the Emir believes him to be the Prince of Deryabar, he becomes his ""guest"". With his smooth words and some trickery, Sinbad once again escapes, taking Shireen with him. They set sail for Daryabar, but are overtaken and captured by the Emir. It is then revealed that Sinbad's ship's barber, Abdul Melik (Walter Slezak) is none other than Jamal, who has memorized (and then destroyed) the map to Deryabar. Forming an uneasy alliance of convenience, they sail to the treasure island.They convince the lone resident of the ruins of Alexander's palace, the aged Aga (Alan Napier), that Sinbad is his lost son, owing to a medallion Sinbad had since childhood. When the Emir threatens to kill Sinbad, Sinbad confesses his true identity. Nevertheless, Aga capitulates and shows them the fabulous treasure's hiding place. He later informs Sinbad that he had given his son to sailors to shield him from treasure hunters; Sinbad is indeed his son and the true Prince of Daryabar.When it is discovered that Jamal had intended to poison the Emir and his crew to have the treasure to himself, the Emir forces him to drink the deadly liquid himself. Sinbad escapes again, boards the Emir's ship and frees his crew. The Emir is killed by Greek fire catapulted at him from his own ship.The disbelieving listeners around the campfire accuse Sinbad of telling yet another tall tale, but soon change their minds when he distributes precious jewels and gold. The beautiful Shireen appears and they board the ship for their return to Deryabar as Sinbad relates the moral of the tale, that true happiness is found in things other than material wealth."
 The Scarecrow	2	"The film opens with an elderly woman, who reveals herself to be a kindly witch, telling the audience about the town of Grisham Heights, owned by the selfish and dance obsessed Count Grisham. She explains that she was Grisham's dance teacher, until he chased her into hiding when he accidentally discovered that she was a witch, and was forced to live in an abandoned house far outside of the village, with only her magic broom Bristles for company. She then goes on to explain the town's workhouse mill, which is where all orphans and debtors are sent to work off their debts, and that it takes thirteen pieces of silver to buy your freedom. The witch then introduces the audience to Polly, a girl who has been in the mill nearly her whole life, but has been saving her silver coins and hiding them at the foot of her scarecrow (without realizing that the witch lives at the house). Because she is lonely, the witch decides to bring her scarecrow to life after Polly leaves, using a magic feather to do so, which also allows a pessimistic mouse, Max, who lives in the Scarecrow's pocket, to talk.As the years pass, Scarecrow begins to fall in love with Polly after her constant visits. It's shown by the witch that Polly earned her required amount a long time ago, but decided to stay when three young orphans arrived, and wished to help them so they could leave together. Seeing that Scarecrow is in love with Polly, and worried she'll be discovered and chased away again, the witch leaves the village, telling Scarecrow that she will miss him and teaches him how to dance. Scarecrow is saddened, but determined to find a way to be with Polly and watch over her money until she is able to free herself and the children.Meanwhile, Count Grisham wants Polly to be his, and constantly attempts to woo her with promises of giving her and the children a good life and home, though Polly is able to see right through his selfish act and continuously turns him down. On the day she earns the last silver coin they need, Grisham finds out and sends the workhouse mill overseer, Cheswick, to find Polly's silver. Cheswick follows Polly to the old garden, and digs up her money after she leaves, but Scarecrow reveals himself in an attempt to retrieve it and frightens Cheswick, who runs to Grisham's two thugs for help. They corner Scarecrow in the old house, where he discovers a magic feather and a message left to him by the witch, which tells him that the feather (when worn) will turn him human, but that ""real life"" will never be his until he is willing to give that life for another.Scarecrow dons the feather and easily fools Grisham's thugs into believing he is merely a traveler named Feathertop, and they leave, though Cheswick is not convinced. Meanwhile, Polly returns to the garden to find her money gone, and weeps in despair. The next morning, Grisham comes up with a plan to ensnare Polly with his ""love spell dance"" to make her his by holding a dance contest, with 52 pieces of silver (the exact amount she needs) as the prize. Feathertop shows off his dancing skills to a crowd in the town square, which prompts Polly to ask him to teach her and be her partner at the dance. During her lesson, the two share a romantic dance and begin to fall in love, until Grisham interrupts to ask Polly to be his partner. He is angry to learn that she already has a partner, and on the night of the contest sends his thugs to trap Feathertop so he cannot attend. Feathertop escapes the thugs and he and Polly win the contest. Feathertop gives all the money to Polly, and the two confess their love for each other, and plan to marry the next morning.Grisham confronts Feathertop, discovering his true identity. He ties Scarecrow up in the same field and steals his feather, which transforms him into Feathertop upon wearing it, hoping to trick Polly into marrying him, but she is able to see right through him. Grisham tries to force her to marry him, but she, and the priest, refuse to go along with it. Scarecrow manages to escape, and retrieves his feather thanks to Max, but decides to leave Polly because he knows he can never truly be with her. Polly is still waiting for him at the church when Grisham angrily tells his manservant Woody that he intends to kill Polly for rejecting him, but Woody abandons him to warn Polly. Bristles, who was eavesdropping, flies off to warn Feathertop.Polly and the children attempt to escape town in Grisham's carriage, but the only way out is across a bridge over a gorge that Grisham ordered his thugs to weaken. Feathertop arrives and climbs under to hold the supports together until Polly and the children are safely across. Grisham tries to intervene, and in the struggle falls to his death. Feathertop manages to hold the bridge together long enough for the carriage to cross, then falls into the gorge as it collapses. Max and Bristles search the rubble and find him apparently dead, but are overjoyed to see him alive, and they climb out of the gorge together. Polly is waiting at the top, and joyfully embraces Feathertop, who tries to explain why they can't be together, only to realize that his feather fell out of his hat when he climbed out of the gorge, meaning he is now human permanently. He and Polly kiss, and the town celebrates Grisham's demise by cleaning up and holding a large dance in the town square and renaming the town Swingtown, while the witch brings a girl broom to life for Bristles, and closes the film by addressing the audience the same way she did at the beginning."
Gold Diggers of 1933	0	"The ""gold diggers"" are four aspiring actresses: Polly (Ruby Keeler), an ingenue; Carol (Joan Blondell), a torch singer; Trixie (Aline MacMahon), a comedian; and Fay (Ginger Rogers), a glamour puss.The film was made in 1933, during the Great Depression and contains numerous direct references to it. It begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer's creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills.At the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses (Polly, Carol, and Trixie), the producer, Barney Hopkins (Ned Sparks), is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money. He hears Brad Roberts (Dick Powell), the girls' neighbor and Polly's boyfriend, playing the piano. Brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers Hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production. Of course, they all think he is kidding, but he insists that he is serious – he offers to back the show, but refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice.Brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead (Clarence Nordstrom) they have hired. It turns out, however, that Brad is in fact a millionaire's son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre. On opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile cannot perform (due to his lumbago acting up), Brad is forced to play the lead role.With the resulting publicity, Brad's brother J. Lawrence Bradford (Warren William) and family lawyer Fanuel H. Peabody (Guy Kibbee) discover what he is doing and go to New York to save him from being seduced by a ""gold digger"".Lawrence mistakes Carol for Polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the ""cheap and vulgar"" showgirl from marrying Brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she plays along, but the two fall in love. Meanwhile, Trixie targets ""Fanny"" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation. When Lawrence finds out that Brad and Polly have wed, he threatens to have the marriage annulled, but relents when Carol refuses to marry him if he does. Trixie marries Fanuel. All the ""gold diggers"" (except Fay) end up with wealthy men."
Local Color	0	John Talia is a teenager who aspires to be a painter, despite the fact that his eponymous father strongly disapproves of his interest in art. Talia manages to meet Nikolai Serov, an elderly Russian ex-patriot impressionist painter, who had been quite successful in the years before the modern art movement threw realism into disrepute.Serov is bitter and has not painted for years. Gradually Talia attempts to befriend the elderly artist, and despite many rebuffs, finally succeeds. Serov invites the young man to spend the summer with him in his summer house in the countryside. Talia's father is extremely skeptical, and suspicious of the elder man's motives, but the young Talia goes anyway.During the first weeks, Serov seems to be using Talia primarily as an unpaid laborer to fix up his house, however it becomes clear that the Russian is sharing with the young man many nuggets of wisdom about life and art. Eventually Serov shows him many things about how to paint, and how to capture a shared experience.When Talia comes home at the end of the summer, unknown to the young man, Serov goes to Talia's house first, and manages to win over the young man's highly skeptical father.Some years later, when Serov dies, he leaves many of his paintings to the young man, who happily remembers seeing Serov finally painting again.
Lost Medallion: The Adventures of Billy Stone, TheThe Lost Medallion: The Adventures of Billy Stone	1	"The movie begins as Daniel Anderson (Alex Kendrick) arrives at a foster home, bringing donations. He is asked to tell a story to the children. He accepts and the movie transitions into the Lost Medallion universe.The story begins in a flashback in which a man holding an item wrapped in cloth is running away from another man. The man digs a hole by a tree and buries a medallion. The movie flashes back to the present where Billy (Billy Unger) sneaks into his father's archaeology site and tries to help work. He is told to leave, so he goes swimming with his best friend Allie (Sammi Hanratty). When he goes back home, she gives him an old book. Billy is not a reader, so they read it together. They hear how the medallion was buried in a different spot than where his dad is looking. They go into the forest with Billy's home-made metal detector go searching. Two men from a rival archeology company have been watching them and bring their own metal detectors. The kids stumble on the goons and head off in a different direction. They hide behind a large tree. The detector goes off and they dig up the medallion.The goons discover them and chase them through the city. After a bit, the kids, thinking they have lost the men, head back to Billy's home, only to find that the goons have arrived before them and tied up Billy's dad. Billy yells ""I wish this whole mess had never happened!"" and the medallion sends both Billy and Allie back in time (200 years).The pair are captured and taken to a nearby village, where the village king (Jansen Panettiere), Huko, notices the medallion and claims that it is his. However, the people say that the king of the village is whoever wears the medallion; they hold a party for the new royalty. The party is interrupted by the arrival of an enemy force, led by the ancestors of the two goons they had met in the present. Everyone in the village is captured except for Billy, Allie, Huko, and Anui.Later the group is cornered by a river. Allie is captured, but Billy agrees to exchange her for the medallion. After the exchange, the kids jump over a waterfall to avoid capture. The kids quarrel among themselves but decide to try and seek help from an old wise man, Faleaka (James Hong), in the mountains.The wise man tells them that they must complete tasks, and in return he will teach them how to defeat Cobra, the enemy that attacked the camp, and the evil warlord who keeps the natives in terror, and get the medallion back. The kids travel to the island of Cobra. On the beach of Cobra's island, Faleaka is shot by an arrow and killed.The kids continue trying to get Cobra, but are captured; this time they are sent to a prison/work camp, and Billy is locked up in a cell. Billy escapes and meets the others in the camp. They use the tasks they learned from Faleaka to help everyone escape. Billy and Cobra have one last battle, and Cobra, along with the medallion, is pushed into a hellish pit.The four friends get back together, and Billy and Allie accept that they are stuck in the past permanently, since the medallion is gone forever. However, Billy realizes that since they are in the past, he and Allie do not find the medallion for another 200 years. Thus, the medallion should still be buried. He goes to the place where he and Allie had discovered the medallion, and finds the medallion there, wrapped up. The jewel that belongs in the middle starts glowing, and is put in its rightful place in the medallion. Billy gives the medallion to Huko, who then activates the medallion to send Billy and Allie back to the present. Billy attacks the goons that had captured his father, only to have his father stop him, revealing that time has changed and the goons are no longer evil. The movie ends with Daniel expressing the story's message of God's love.[5][6][7]"
Holiday	1	Muskaan (Onjolee Nair) is a shy, wealthy girl who visits Goa with her family. She meets Dino (Dino Morea), a dance performer at the holiday resort in Goa. His dance partner, Alysha (Kashmira Shah), is betrayed by a man who impregnates her, so Muskaan comes to her aid by replacing her in Dino and Alysha's dance routine. As Dino helps her train, love begins to bloom between them and problems arise. Muskaan's father does not approve of their pairing as he believes Dino is the man who impregnated Alysha.
Corrections Class	2	"Lena is a bright, disabled girl with myopathy who must use a wheelchair to get around. After years being homeschooled by her protective mother, she is keen to get back to school. She is assigned to a special class for physically and psychologically disabled students who have to present themselves before a school commission at the end of the year in order to prove that they merit being moved back into a ""normal"" class. There she meets a group of students: Mishka, brother and sister Mitka and Vitka, Olya, and Anton. Though initially appearing to be her friends, they quickly display high degrees of callousness when they exploit her condition to solicit money from passers-by, and treat it as a joke when one of their classmates is killed attempting to lie beneath a moving train - an activity which the group indulges in to kill their boredom. Their teachers, meanwhile, treat the corrections class with contempt and show absolutely no desire to motivate the students or help them improve.Anton, however, treats Lena with kindness, and the two soon begin a relationship. Lena admonishes the group for their behavior and urges them to concentrate on passing the commission so they can get back to normal school. Lena and Anton's relationship, however, upsets the rest of the group, particularly Mishka, who concocts a plan with the rest of the group to have sex with Lena. After stealing her wheelchair, they separate her from Anton, and Mishka and Mitka attempt to rape Lena while Vitka and Olya shoot video on their phones. However they find they cannot complete the act, and leave her beaten and bruised on the side of the train tracks.The final day of school arrives and the students get their results - every one of them has passed, except for Lena, who the commission votes to keep on in the corrections class another year. When Lena asks the group why they did what they did, they cruelly insult her. Anton, who does not know about the rape, also begins ignoring her. The final scene is of Lena's mother collapsing in the school hallway in tears, when Lena appears behind her - walking unassisted without her wheelchair."
Two on a Guillotine	0	A prologue introduces the audience to John Harley Duquesne, a psychotic magician who accidentally beheads his wife Melinda with a guillotine during a performance. Twenty years later he dies, and his will requires his daughter Cassie (the mirror image of her mother) to spend seven nights in his apparently haunted mansion in order to inherit his estate.Reporter Val Henderson offers to stay with her when he learns Duquesne promised to return in spirit form during Cassie's week-long vigil. As the days pass, the two encounter a number of spooky happenings, leading to a climax in which the not-really-dead Duquesne attempts a recreation of his guillotine trick, this time with his daughter as an unwilling assistant who hopefully won't lose her head.In a climactic fight, Henderson tries to prevent Duquesne from activating the guillotine, but himself accidentally releases the catch; a dummy's head falls from the guillotine causing Duquesne to go insane thinking his daughter has been killed. Henderson rescues Cassie as the police come to arrest Duquesne.
Animal Kingdom	1	"After his mother overdoses, 17-year-old Joshua ""J"" Cody (James Frecheville) asks his estranged grandmother, Janine ""Smurf"" Cody (Jacki Weaver), for help, and she invites him to move in with her. Smurf is the affectionate matriarch of a Melbourne crime family that uses her home as a base. Her home is also being watched by cops who are looking for the oldest son, Andrew ""Pope"" Cody (Ben Mendelsohn), who is in hiding. The volatile middle brother, Craig (Sullivan Stapleton), deals drugs successfully enough to have bought the house for his mother. The youngest brother, Darren (Luke Ford), follows the lead of his siblings, while family friend ""Baz"" leads the gang, which specializes in armed robbery.Craig takes J along to meet with a crooked cop from the drug squad, who tells him that renegade cops on the armed robbery squad are on the look out for all of them. Later, Baz goes to meet Pope at a shopping centre, where they discuss quitting crime and going straight. As Baz gets in his car to leave, police approach and shoot him dead. Angry and distraught, Pope and Craig want revenge, and ask J to steal a Commodore and bring it to Darren's place. The car is then planted in the middle of a night-time street as a lure. Two policemen are soon drawn to the scene, where they are ambushed and shot dead by Pope and Craig. The next day, Pope, Darren and J are taken in for questioning, where J meets Detective Senior Sergeant Nathan Leckie who also leads the armed robbery squad. Leckie, one of the few non-corrupt police officers, recognizes J's predicament and begins to lean on him. The three are later released from custody, but J returns with his girlfriend Nicky to her parents' home.Craig, who has avoided being picked up by the police, Pope, Darren and Smurf meet at a diner, where they recognize J as the weak link. When told by Smurf to give himself up for questioning, Craig panics, and meets a friend in rural Bendigo. He learns that the house is already being monitored, and as the police arrive tries to flee through a field but is gunned down. Pope and Darren take J to meet their solicitor Ezra. He coaches him to not tell the police anything and pressure him to break up with Nicky, which he does. Leckie takes J into custody again, where he proposes that J be moved to witness protection, but J turns down the offer. Meanwhile, Nicky, unsure what to do, shows up at Smurf's home, where Pope gives her heroin, questions her, then smothers her to death to keep her silent.When J returns to Smurf's house the next morning he discovers Nicky's bracelet outside the house. He calls Nicky's phone, and realising something is not right, flees to Nicky's parents' house. Pope gets Nicky's address from Darren and arrives in time to intercept J. J flees on foot and is taken into a safe house. With Craig and Baz dead, Pope and Darren imprisoned, and J potentially being the star witness for the prosecution, Smurf decides, ""J needs to go"". Smurf uses her connections to procure J's address, and persuades the corrupt cop to help her. Police from the drug squad then raid the safe house. J jumps a fence and returns to Smurf's house, saying he wishes to help free Pope and Darren from jail. To do this, the family's barrister then coaches J's answers.After his day in court, Leckie sees J before his departure from the safe hotel, and asks him if he has found his place in the world (a reference to Leckie's animal kingdom metaphor for J's predicament). Pope, Darren and Smurf celebrate with champagne while being interviewed after their controversial acquittal. Smurf later sees Leckie in the supermarket and taunts him. Later again, J returns to Smurf's home asking to stay, before going to his room. Pope enters and begins to talk to him, but is cut off when J shoots him in the head. In the final scene, J returns to the living room and embraces a now silenced Smurf."
The Wedding Banquet	1	"Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his tradition-minded parents are eager to see him get married and have a child in order to continue the family line. When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands. They demand an opera singer and add that she must be 5'9"", have two PhDs, and speak five languages. The service actually locates a 5'8"" Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship (with a Caucasian man). At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to marry one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card. Besides helping Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents. Before Wai-Tung's parents arrive, Simon tells Wei-Wei everything she needs to know about Wai-Tung's habits, body, and lifestyle, and the three take down all homosexual content from their house and replace it with traditional Chinese scrolls.Mr. and Mrs. Gao announce they will visit from Taiwan, bringing gifts and US$30,000 to hold an extravagant wedding for their son. Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father, a retired officer in the Chinese Nationalist Army, has just recovered from a stroke. As a part of the lie, Wai-Tung introduces Simon as his landlord. A day after Wai-Tung's parents arrive, he announces that Wei-Wei and he are planning to get their marriage certificate at city hall. However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama. The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet, offered by Mr. Gao's former driver in the army who now owns a restaurant and reception hall. After the banquet, Wei-Wei has sex with a drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate.Shortly after, Mr. Gao has another stroke, and in a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father. However, the perceptive Mr. Gao has seen more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well. Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship. Mr. Gao seeks and receives Simon's promise not to tell his secret for, as he points out, without the sham marriage, he'd never have a grandchild.While en route to an appointment for an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's second father. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, Mrs. Gao has forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. Mr. Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand. In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out."
Shamus	1	New York private detective Shamus McCoy is called to the house of Hume, an eccentric diamond dealer, and is given the task of recovering some stolen diamonds. His investigation is thwarted at every turn and it is only when he is beaten by a gang of thugs to warn him off the job that he realizes that he's onto something really big. Using his friend Springy as well as Alexis Montaigne, the sister of a nightclub owner, McCoy digs for the truth about the robbery.[2] The trail leads to an Army colonel called Hardcore who is in cahoots with Alexis's brother, then full circle to Hume, who is behind the plot all along.
Rise of the Legend	2	Over the years, the tale of Wong Fei Hung’s heroism has transformed him into a revered folk hero and is widely portrayed in modern media. Arguably one of the most recognizable kung fu figures in cinematic history, he is the subject of over 100 films and television series since the 40s. The character is further made famous on the big screen by kung fu superstars Jet Li in the highly successful Once Upon a Time in China series (1991 – 1997) as well as Jackie Chan in Drunken Master I and II (1978, 1994).Wong Fei Hung played by Eddie Peng is a young man at 21 years old who is destined to become a master of his time, and an everlasting legend in the world of martial arts. In 1868 during the late Qing Dynasty, in Guangzhou, two crime factions run the Huangpu Port: The Black Tiger and the Northern Sea. For years, the Black Tiger’s fearsome boss Lei Gong played by Sammo Hung has been trying to get rid of the leader of the Northern Sea. One of his latest recruits is Wong Fei Hung, a fearless fighter who takes the Northern Sea leader’s head after a fierce fight. Recognizing Fei’s talent, Lei Gong makes the young warrior his godson and one of his Four Tigers, the most trusted men in the gang. There is more to young Fei than meets the eye and the truth about his past and the ultimate showdown soon unravels.
Halloween II	0	On October 31, 1978, Michael Myers is shot six times and falls off a balcony. Taking shelter to recover from his injuries, Michael steals a kitchen knife from the home of an elderly couple, and kills a teenage girl living next door. Laurie Strode, who narrowly survived being killed by Michael earlier in the night, is taken to Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, while psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis, continues his pursuit of Michael. While with Sheriff Leigh Brackett, Loomis spots and chases after teenager Ben Tramer, who is dressed like Michael, but an oncoming police car suddenly crashes into the teenager, killing him in the process. Sheriff Brackett receives news of the death of his daughter, Annie. Blaming Loomis for her death, Sheriff Brackett goes home to tell his wife about it, leaving Deputy Gary Hunt in charge to help Loomis.At the hospital, paramedic Jimmy develops romantic feelings for Laurie, much to the chagrin of head nurse Mrs. Alves. Michael discovers Laurie's location via the radio, due to the news of the murders reaching the media, and makes his way to the hospital. Once there, he cuts the phone lines, disables the cars, and kills the hospital personnel. Security guard Mr. Garrett goes downstairs to fix the power in the basement, and is killed with a hammer claw to his skull. Paramedic Budd is strangled, while Nurse Karen is scalded to death in the hospital's hot tub, while Mrs Alves is hooked up to an IV by Michael as the device slowly drains Mrs Alves' blood. Meanwhile Janet hurries off to find Dr. Mixter, only to find him dead with a needle jammed into his eye. Before she can flee, Michael kills her with a syringe. Jimmy and Nurse Jill Franco search the hospital for Laurie, who is trying to evade Michael; Jimmy finds Mrs. Alves' corpse, and slips in a pool of blood on the floor, losing consciousness.Elsewhere, Loomis is informed that Michael broke into the local elementary school. As he investigates, Loomis's colleague, Marion Chambers, and a marshal come to escort Loomis back to Smith's Grove on the governor's orders. Along the way, Marion tells Loomis that Laurie is Michael's sister, but that information was kept secret for her safety. With the realization that Michael is after Laurie, Loomis orders the marshal to drive back to Haddonfield.Just after finding Laurie, Jill is killed by a scalpel-wielding Michael, who then pursues Laurie through the hospital. Laurie escapes to the parking lot, and hides in Jimmy's car. Regaining consciousness, Jimmy exits the hospital, and gets in the car to seek help, but he falls unconscious on the steering wheel horn because of his injuries, alerting Michael to their location. Loomis, Marion, and the marshal reach the hospital just in time to save Laurie. Loomis shoots Michael five more times. As Marion attempts to contact the police, Michael kills the marshal, and chases Loomis and Laurie into an operating room. Michael stabs Loomis in the stomach, wounding him, but Laurie shoots Michael in the eyes, blinding him. Loomis and Laurie fill the room with ether and oxygen gas. Loomis orders Laurie to run and sacrifices himself by igniting the gas, which blows up the operating room with him and Michael inside, immolating them both in the fire. Michael, engulfed in flames, stumbles out of the room before finally falling dead.[3] Early the next morning, Laurie is put in an ambulance and driven to safety, having visions of Michael's burning body playing in her head.
Invisible Wings	0	The film features the determination of a teenage girl, Zhi Hua (Lei Qingyao), who loses both her arms due to an electric shock while recovering a kite from the electric wires. Distraught, the Zhi Hua attempts to end her life but eventually finds a new will to live. She goes on to train her feet to do everything, such as writing, cooking, changing clothes and even making kites. She aspires to become a doctor but is denied admission and this makes her even more determined. Zhi Hua begins to train to become a swimming champion, beating all Olympic-level participants. Zhihua eventually goes on to become a national champion in swimming.
Dhamarukam	0	The protagonist of the movie is born with a divine grace of Lord Shiva (Prakash Raj) and the boy's parents are advised to name him as Mallikarjuna as he is destined to accomplish a great work. During his childhood, Mallikarjuna faces a great tragedy as his parents and grandparents are killed by a huge feline creature when they are returning from Kashi. This incident leaves his younger sister, Sailu (Abhinaya) paralyzed from the waist and hence renders her lame (Sailu had a talent for dancing before this incident). Malli then develops strong hatred towards Lord Shiva.Meanwhile, the scene shifts to the focus of a demon named Andhakasura (Ravi Shankar). We see him performing a severe penance to obtain the boon of Lord Shiva. Lord Shiva blesses the demon that he will not interfere in the latter's attempt to sacrifice a virgin girl in order to obtain complete rulership over the 3 worlds. The demon is advised by his aged friend Maayi (Jeeva) that the sacrifice must be made in a month having 2 solar eclipses, in such a way that he has to marry the girl and sacrifice her before the solar eclipse ends. This will render the demon matchless and a master over all the 5 elements.The story then shifts to Malli (Nagarjuna), now an adult whose motive is to help people and take care of his bedridden sister. He falls in love with Dr. Maheshwari (Anushka Shetty) on a visit to the hospital where his sister is being treated. There are many scenes where the atheist Malli forces the people of his colony who include Rudraksha (Brahmanandam), Ringu Raja (Raghu Babu), President (Krishna Bhagavaan) and others, not to worship, on account of his childhood tragedy. Then, on one occasion, Malli questions Lord Shiva for his condition and drives away in his car, only to meet with an accident. Lord Shiva comes and saves him. Lord Shiva calls himself as Saambayya, befriends Malli and goes to his home.The demon chooses Dr. Maheshwari as his target for the sacrifice and prevents the Kaapaalikas (who arrive at the temple) from having access to Mahi, on the first solar eclipse day. Malli rescues Mahi from the Kaapaalikas and Mahi's parents entrust Malli to take care of Mahi. Then, Mahi's parents decide to get Mahi married to a relative, Rahul (Ganesh Venkatraman), who is to arrive from the US. This advice is given by saint known to Mahi's family. On his arrival to the airport, Andhakaasura kills Rahul in the washroom and takes his form. The demon, now in Rahul's form, enters Mahi's home and kills 3 dogs who guard Mahi. The demon also paralyzes Mahi's father, when he comes to know the truth about him. He also tries to kill Malli and Mahi, on their way to a temple, but Lord Shiva intervenes by sending his divine vehicle, Nandi who saves Malli. This infuriates the demon, who feels that Lord Shiva has not kept his promise. He challenges the Lord, to which he replies that it was his duty to protect his devotee. The demon then decides to oppose Lord Shiva, so he kills the saint known to Mahi's family, impersonates him and convinces Malli, Mahi and others that Saambayya is not a good person by faking his death at the hands to Saambayya. This makes Malli angry on Saambayya and he returns the ring of friendship given to him by Saambayya.Finally, Malli convinces Mahi's family that Rahul is actually Andhakaasura. Then, the demon carries Mahi to the spot of sacrifice and prepares for the ritual. Meanwhile, Malli is advised by the Kaapalika chief (Avinash) to worship Lord Shiva, he tells Malli about his purpose of birth to destroy the demon and the means to do it, as he was the reason of the tragedy in Malli's childhood and Lord Shiva saved him as Saambayya. Malli confronts the demon, is initially defeated, but he heads skyward to get a blessing from Lord Shiva and finally destroys Andhakaasura by piercing the Trident given by Lord Shiva.
Adventures in Babysitting	2	"After her boyfriend Mike cancels their anniversary date, Chris Parker invites her friend Brenda over to her Oak Park, Illinois, house to cheer her up, but is convinced by her mother to babysit the Andersons' daughter, 8-year-old Sara, while they attend a party in downtown Chicago. Fifteen-year-old Brad Anderson is supposed to go to his friend Daryl Coopersmith's house to spend the night, but he changes his mind when he finds that Chris is the sitter. After receiving a frantic phone call from Brenda, who ran away to the bus station downtown, Chris plans to go alone to pick her up but is coerced by Brad, Sara, and Daryl to take them with her. On the freeway, their station wagon suffers a flat tire and they are picked up by a tow truck driver, ""Handsome"" John Pruitt, who offers to pay for the tire when Chris realizes she left her purse at the Andersons'. En route, Pruitt gets a call from his boss Dawson with evidence that his wife is cheating on him, and he rushes to his house to confront the infidelity; Chris's mother's car is damaged when Pruitt accidentally shoots out the windshield while aiming to kill his wife's lover. Chris and the kids hide in the adulterer's Cadillac, which is then car-jacked by a thief named Joe Gipp.Reaching their hideout in the South Side, the kids realize they have stumbled upon a chop shop, and Joe is chided by Graydon, the operation's second-in-command, for bringing witnesses. They are detained in an upstairs office but escape. They enter a blues club where the band on stage won't let them leave until they sing the blues. Chris, Brad, Sara, and Daryl recount their events that night to the audience and are allowed to leave, just as Graydon, Gipp, and their boss Bleak catch up.Brad tells Chris about his feelings toward her but finds they are not reciprocated. After separating Daryl from a streetwalker who is a runaway, Chris is reminded of Brenda. They are found and chased again by Greydon and Bleak but escape on the Chicago 'L' train and wind up in the middle of a gang fight. Brad is injured when one of the gang leaders throws a switchblade onto his foot. They take Brad to the university hospital, where he receives a stitch. They run into Pruitt, who is now on the run for his earlier attacks; he tells the kids he replaced the windshield, but Dawson wants $50 for the tire. The kids come across a fraternity house party, and Chris becomes attracted to Dan Lynch, a gentleman who learns of Chris' problem and donates $45. He takes them to Dawson's Garage and drops them off.When they find Dawson, his blond hair and sledge hammer lead Sara to believe he is her hero Thor. He denies them their car because of the $5 shortage, but when Sara offers him her toy Thor helmet, he changes his mind and lets them go. Meanwhile, Joe Gipp tells Bleak about their troubles, and the three are waiting to follow them. The kids find the restaurant where Mike was supposed to take Chris and discover he is there with another girl. Sara slips away to look at a toy store while Chris yells at Mike. Brad stands up for his friend while Daryl kicks Mike into a food cart, ruining the dinner. Bleak spots Sara, and Graydon chases her to an office building where she hides; the others note her disappearance and follow, accidentally coming across the Andersons' party. After Sara climbs out an open window and slides down the building, Chris spots her and they run upstairs to help.After the group pulls Sara from outside the window, Bleak confronts them. Joe knocks his boss out, before giving him a Playboy Magazine that Daryl had stolen, which contained important notes that the criminals wanted, then says he is getting out of crime. The kids retrieve Brenda from the bus station and rush home, narrowly avoiding the Andersons on the way. Once home, Chris cleans up the mess left earlier, settling into place just as the Andersons enter. Dan arrives with one of Sara's missing skates. He says he needs a babysitter and is disappointed when Chris says she is retired; he confesses the babysitter was for him. Chris decides that retirement can wait and gladly agrees to babysit Dan. With Sara's encouragement, Chris and Dan kiss outside as Brad closes the blinds.In a post credits scene, Graydon is shown standing on the ledge, still trying to find his way to safety."
The Madonna's Secret	0	Drama critic John Earl observes a piece of artwork in a museum, gazing at it reverently. He asks the museum curator how much it costs, and the curator says that it is not for sale. The artist, James Harlan Corbin [Lederer], does not wish to sell the painting. Nonplussed, Earl returns to his office and phones Corbin with his proposal to sell. Again, Corbin refuses. Earl continues his pursuit to find out who the model for the painting was. He learns it is Helen North, a young woman who looks nothing like the woman in the painting. He visits with her to learn his location, but she refuses, telling him that she will be singing at a local nightclub, where Corbin frequents. Earl finds both of them in the museum, and again confronts Corbin. Becoming clearly annoyed, Corbin invites the singer out for a night in his yacht. She agrees, but is later found washed ashore. Although Police Lt. Roberts initially questions Helen's suitor Hunt Mason, Mason implicates Corbin as the last person who saw Helen North. John Earl works with the police department to arrange for Helen's sister Linda to apply for modeling, in order to spy on Corbin. The two return to Corbin's boathouse. While there, Linda calls for Earl and tells his chef that she is in danger and to notify the police. There, she learns that Corbin did not murder her sister. Thereafter, she falls in love with Corbin and agrees to support him against the district attorney's allegations he killed both Helen and another model, Madonna. Although Corbin has visions that he did so, Linda tells him to make sure he is telling the truth before confessing such heinous crimes. Linda returns home with Corbin's mother, who poisons her tea and tries to inject her with a lethal substance before police shoot. Corbin had suddenly recognized who it was that had planted evidence at the boathouse to implicate him. Police arrive just in time to save Linda from death but not Mrs. Corbin, who dies in her son's arms.
Lakshyam	1	The film starts with a flashback in Hyderabad. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand) Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enters Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain, who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of ₹100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. The man who kills the Chairman for Shankar is Chandu's classmate Shafi (Amith Kumar Tiwari),who have lust on Indu. He requests to Shankar that he need Indu as his wife. So on the day of his idol opening,he sends his goons to kidnap her. They kidnaps her when she is disclosing her love to Chandu. Shankar's plan fails as Chandu arrives at the place and fights with him and his goons. When Shafi comes to meet Shankar,he gives his next plan which is to kidnap her again on the next chance. When Chandu is with his brother at police station, Indu invites him to her hometown to attend her cousin's wedding. Shafi,who awaited for next chance to kidnap her,gets a chance and Shankar's goons again comes to kidnap Indu. But unfortunately Chandu gets stabbed by goon,sends Indu with Shafi. He takes her to Shankar's home and locks her. On the very next moment,Bose arrests the Pvt bank's manager on an intention to know the reason behind the death of chairman. Now Shankar and the D.I.G. have no idea to where Bose taken manager. For finding the location where the manager is,Shafi calls Bose and informs Chandu met with an accident for which Bose replies to him to take Chandu to General hospital. When the manager was about to reveal the secret behind chairman's death, Shankar,DIG,and Shafi arrives at mortuary and kills Bose and manager and hides Bose to frame Bose for the murder of both chairman and manager. At the same time DIG reports to the media Bose done all the misdoing for the huge amount of money the customers invested.
Rajavin Parvaiyile	0	Raja (Vijay) is the son of a poor family, and his only aim in life is to study to get a good job. Meanwhile, Gowri (Indraja), the daughter of the richest man of the village, falls in love with Raja, but he keeps shunning her and getting away from her. She decides to know the reason of his behaviour. Raja narrates a flashback story of his friend Chandru's (Ajith Kumar) unsuccessful love story with Shanthi (Gayathri), and ended up committing suicide after his lover's marriage, so he hates love. Raja later falls in love with Gowri; meanwhile issues of class arise in the village, but finally Raja and Gowri overcome all the issues and unite.
The Day the Earth Stood Still	2	"When a flying saucer lands in Washington, D.C., the Army quickly surrounds it. A humanoid (Michael Rennie) emerges, announcing that he has come in peace. When he unexpectedly opens a small device, he is shot by a nervous soldier. A tall robot emerges from the saucer and quickly disintegrates the soldiers' weapons. The alien orders the robot, Gort, to stop. He explains that the now-broken device was a gift for the President which would have enabled him ""to study life on the other planets"".The alien, Klaatu, is taken to Walter Reed Hospital. After surgery, he uses a salve to quickly heal his wound. Meanwhile, the Army is unable to enter the saucer; Gort stands outside, silent and unmoving.Klaatu tells the President's secretary, Mr. Harley (Frank Conroy), that he has a message that must be delivered to all the world's leaders simultaneously. Harley tells him that such a meeting in the current political climate is impossible. Klaatu suggests that he be allowed to go among humans to better understand their ""unreasoning suspicions and attitudes"". Harley rejects the proposal, and Klaatu remains under guard.Klaatu escapes and lodges at a boarding house as ""Mr. Carpenter"", the name on the dry cleaner's tag on a suit he took. Among the residents are young widow Helen Benson (Patricia Neal) and her son Bobby (Billy Gray). The next morning, Klaatu listens to the boarders speculate about the alien's motivations.While Helen and her boyfriend Tom Stevens (Hugh Marlowe) go out, Klaatu babysits Bobby. The boy takes Klaatu on a tour of the city, including a visit to his father's grave in Arlington National Cemetery; Klaatu learns that most of those buried there were killed in wars. The two visit the Lincoln Memorial, and then the heavily guarded spaceship. Klaatu asks Bobby who the greatest living person is; Bobby suggests Professor Barnhardt (Sam Jaffe). Bobby takes Klaatu to Barnhardt's home, but the professor is absent. Klaatu adds an equation to a problem on Barnhardt's blackboard and leaves his contact information with the suspicious housekeeper.That evening a government agent takes Klaatu to Barnhardt. Klaatu explains that the people of other planets have concerns now that humanity has developed rockets and a rudimentary form of atomic power. Klaatu declares that if his message is ignored, ""Earth will be eliminated"". Barnhardt agrees to gather scientists from around the world at the saucer; he then suggests that Klaatu give a harmless demonstration of his power. Klaatu returns to his spaceship that night, unaware that Bobby has followed him. Bobby sees Gort render two soldiers unconscious and Klaatu enter the saucer.Bobby tells Helen and Tom what he saw, but they do not believe him until Tom takes a diamond he found in Klaatu's room to a jeweler and learns it is ""unlike any other on Earth"". Klaatu finds Helen at her workplace, and they take an empty service elevator, which stops precisely at noon. He has neutralized all electricity everywhere for 30 minutes, except for such things as hospitals and aircraft in flight. Klaatu reveals his true identity to Helen, then asks for her help.After Tom informs the authorities of his suspicions, Helen breaks up with him. She and Klaatu go to Barnhardt's home. En route he tells her that should anything happen to him, she must say to Gort, ""Klaatu barada nikto"". Their taxi is spotted and hemmed in; Klaatu makes a break for it and is shot dead. Helen quickly heads to the saucer. Gort kills two soldiers standing watch and advances on her. When Helen utters Klaatu's words, the robot carries her into the spaceship, then leaves to retrieve Klaatu's body. Gort brings Klaatu back to life, but he explains to Helen that his revival is only temporary.Klaatu addresses Barnhardt's assembled scientists, informing them that he represents an interplanetary organization that created a police force of invincible robots like Gort. ""In matters of aggression, we have given them absolute power over us"". Klaatu concludes, ""Your choice is simple: join us and live in peace, or pursue your present course and face obliteration"". Klaatu and Gort re-enter the spaceship and depart."
In the Land of Women	1	"Carter Webb (Adam Brody) is a young, soft-core writer living in Los Angeles whose young, starlet girlfriend Sofia (Elena Anaya) breaks up with him. Carter pleads with her to stay, but she leaves.When Carter goes to his mother's home in order to reclaim an item, he sees his mother crying in the living room. She explains that her mentally unstable mother, Phyllis (Olympia Dukakis), claims that she is dying – though her doctor cannot find anything fatal. Carter's mother tells him that she will be leaving for Michigan to take care of Phyllis. Carter offers to take his mother's place as caregiver for his grandmother, explaining that he wanted to get out of the life he was currently living and write a biographical story he has been working on for the past eleven years. Though his mother objects to this decision, he ignores her and flies to Michigan.Outside, Carter finally arrives. He knocks on the door with a cheerful remark, and Phyllis, obviously forgetting her own grandson, slams the door on him. After a quick negotiation, she lets him inside. Phyllis reveals that she has been starving herself the past three weeks, and Carter sees that all of the food in her home has gone stale. After a few brief phone calls with his mother and his boss, Carter begins to clean up his grandmother's home.Meanwhile, Paige (Makenzie Vega) and Lucy (Kristen Stewart) Hardwicke, who live across the street from Phyllis, are returning from school. Lucy's mother, Sarah (Meg Ryan), calls Lucy to the kitchen. She hesitantly tells Lucy that she has found a lump in her breast, a possible sign of breast cancer, and is to see a doctor in the coming days. Lucy, shocked, wants to come with her mother when she receives her results, but Sarah quickly refuses.When Carter takes out the trash, Lucy, who is smoking on her roof, watches him. He drops the trash, and Lucy begins to snicker; hearing her laughter, Carter turns toward her, and she hides in the shadow of the roof. Sarah hears the noise and comes outside with her dog, Bozo, and warmly introduces herself to Carter. They have a brief talk before Lucy's friends arrive loudly down the road and Sarah goes back inside. Lucy and Carter meet, and she asks Carter not to tell her parents that she smokes. He agrees, and takes a cigarette from her before she leaves.The next morning, Sarah arrives at Carter's doorstep, bringing cookies and offering for him to walk with her. They walk around the neighborhood, talking about their lives. Carter eventually mentions Sofia, wondering about his love for her. Carter thinks about his relationship, and decides that it really wasn't true love. He explains that he has written love letters for Sofia, pouring out his affection in these epistles. Carter believes that the letters contain his best work.After Sarah returns home, she sees that Carter is heartbroken and needs someone to take his mind off Sofia. She asks Lucy to ask Carter out on a date. Lucy bitterly refuses, calling it ""lame"" to ask someone out from across the street that she doesn't even know. Sarah's husband agrees and Sarah abruptly leaves the room, frustrated. She goes to her bathroom, filling a small cup of medicine to subdue her pain. Her husband follows her, trying to assuage the situation by insisting that Lucy will apologize and ask Carter on a date.The next day, Carter decides to go on a run. While running, he has flashbacks of all the memorable times he had with Sofia: their meeting, their first kiss, and so on, until it finally leads to the breakup. When she utters the word ""goodbye"" once more, Carter runs into a tree and passes out. When he wakes up, he sees Lucy standing over him. She gives him a ride home and then asks him out. Carter tells her to ask her parents if they would allow her to take him out on a school night, as they normally would not. Lucy, confused, agrees, and goes back inside.Shortly thereafter, Sarah invites Carter on another walk. This time, she leads him into a small patch of forest. She admits that her husband is having an affair and that she does not love him – at least not the way Carter loved Sofia. They hug and leave to run errands together. They share an awkward moment of both having something to say to the other; Carter begins with the declaration that Sarah's husband is ""out of his mind"". Sarah smiles, and dismisses what she has to say. Eventually, the two deepen their friendship and later, when she tells him she is sick, they kiss each other.Carter also goes to the movies with Lucy and Paige. He finds out that Sofia has been dating Colin Farrell. Afterward, Lucy brings Carter to a football field because he was curious about the typical high school experience. There she confesses that she is sort of dating the high school quarterback Gabe, who is arrogant and cocky, but that they have not kissed yet. They also talk about Gabe's best friend Eric who seems to be the opposite of Gabe; soft and shy. She also confesses that she knows her father is having an affair, but believes her mother does not know.She claims to be more upset with her mother than her father because her mother is cold and more interested in her image than the truth. Lucy later finds out that Gabe could not wait for Lucy and hooked up with her best friend. She convinces Carter to come to a party with her because he is older and mysterious. During the party, Gabe tries to fight Carter, but Eric steps in saying that Gabe is the one who screwed up. After the party, Carter and Lucy share a kiss which Sarah sees. She tells Carter to leave Lucy alone and to never speak to them again. Afterwards, he slips her a letter.Lucy goes to see Carter who tells her that he is not the guy for her and that if she thought about it, she would realize that she would know who he is. Sarah gets her cancer treatments and it is revealed that everything will be all right. Sarah and Lucy talk and start to heal their relationship. As Lucy drives home from the hospital, she stops to see Eric who she realizes is the guy Carter was referring to. Sarah finally reads Carter's letter which, though similar to a love letter, winds up being more of a ""thank you"" note.Carter comes downstairs to find his grandmother has died but does not immediately call the hospital. Instead, he goes outside for some air and meets up with Sarah. She apologizes and they are able to end their friendship on good terms.The story closes with Carter back in LA at the diner where Sofia broke up with him. He is writing, presumably a script, about his grandmother. He talks to the waitress and seems to be getting on with his life without Sofia."
Theatre of Blood	1	After being humiliated (as he perceives it) at a coveted awards ceremony, Shakespearean actor Edward Lionheart (Vincent Price) is seen committing suicide by diving into the Thames from a great height. Unbeknownst to the public, Lionheart survives and is rescued by a group of vagrants. Two years later, on 15 March, Lionheart sets out to exact vengeance against the critics who failed to acclaim his genius, killing them one by one in a manner very similar to murder scenes from Shakespeare's plays.One critic is murdered by a mob of homeless people.One critic is electrocuted at a hair salon.One critic is force fed his dogs, until he suffocates.One critic is stabbed with a spear and his body dragged away, tied to a horse's tail.One critic is decapitated while he sleeps.Lionheart’s adoring daughter Edwina is arrested as the chief suspect (it is revealed early in the movie that she has indeed been helping her father), forcing the actor to reveal himself. In the final drama/murder attempt, Lionheart threatens chief critic Devlin to give him the coveted award or be killed. Devlin refuses, and Lionheart plans to put out his eyes with red-hot daggers, as with Gloucester in King Lear. His contraption gets stuck, however, just as the police arrive to save Devlin. To thwart them, Lionheart sets fire to the theatre, and in the confusion, one of the vagrants kills Edwina with the award statuette, unwittingly casting her in the role of Cordelia. Lionheart retreats, carrying her body to the roof and delivering Lear's final monologue before the roof caves in, sending him to his death.
The Riddle	1	When a woman is murdered following her discovery of an unpublished Charles Dickens manuscript, an unusual trio team up to investigate. The three are Mike (Jones), an ambitious sports tabloid journalist determined to make a name for himself, Kate (Cox), a police officer, and an eccentric old beach-combing tramp (Jacobi). Together they must track down the mystery and we are taken back to the world of Charles Dickens. Only when they solve the riddle of the manuscript are they able to solve the present day crime, but they must also face opposers: a greedy detective (Moriarty), a publisher (Redgrave), and a ruthless construction company owner (Flemyng).
The Guilt of Janet Ames	2	"Bitter war widow Janet Ames (Rosalind Russell) seeks out the five soldiers for whom her husband gave his life by falling on a hand grenade during the Battle of the Bulge. While crossing a city street to find the first, she is struck and knocked unconscious by an automobile. The police find no identification on her, only a list of names. One recognizes the last name on her list, Smithfield ""Smitty"" Cobb (Melvyn Douglas), a reporter recently fired for alcoholism, and contacts Smitty. When Smitty sees the list, he realizes who she must be.He goes to see her at the hospital, and finds her in a wheelchair, unable to walk. As the doctor can find no physical reason for the paralysis, he schedules an appointment with a psychiatrist. Smitty decides to treat her himself. He introduces himself as a friend of her husband David (though not as one of the men he saved), and wheels her into a private room. She explains her mission: to see if any of the men were worth David's sacrifice, making it perfectly clear that she has already made up her mind. After a nurse gives her a sedative, Smitty accuses her of wallowing in self-pity, then tries to get Janet to change her mind by describing each of the men. He is so vivid that Janet can see and talk to them.The first man she interacts with is nightclub bouncer Joe Burton (Richard Benedict). He and his singer girlfriend Katie (Betsy Blair) dream of building a house. Joe constructs a model of it from a deck of cards. Exasperated by their unrealistic aspirations, Janet blows the cards down.Next, Smitty takes her to the desert, where Ed Pierson is doing scientific research and living in a shack with his wife Susie (Nina Foch). Janet does not meet Ed at all; instead, she talks with Susie and her very wealthy father, who strongly disapproves of what the couple are doing. He wants Ed to come work for him, but Susie replies that Ed is happy where he is and would be miserable in the business world. Janet states that her husband would never do what Ed has done.The third man is Frank Merino (played by an uncredited Hugh Beaumont). Janet first meets his young daughter Emmy. During their conversation, Janet states that she and David were too sensible to have children before they were ready and that children are a lot of trouble. A bewildered Emmy seeks comfort from her father.Sammy Weaver (Sid Caesar), the fourth man, is a promising, up-and-coming comedian. After entertaining Janet and Smitty with his routine, he thanks her for the opportunity to lift the spirits of his audience.By this point, Janet has guessed Smitty's identity. He describes himself as a crusading journalist and newspaper editor.Janet then admits that she feels overwhelming guilt in not loving her husband and making his civilian life so miserable, he had little to lose when he sacrificed himself. David wanted to build a house and have a child right away, but she put them off until it was too late. She also made him decline a research position and keep working at a job he hated for her own security. Smitty persuades her to forgive herself, and the paralysis in her legs goes away.However, when she tells him that she has fallen in love with him, he brushes her off and retreats to his favorite bar to drown his own troubles. Janet then learns from a policeman that Smitty is not exactly what he claimed. She tracks him down and extracts from him the reason for his alcoholism. It turns out Smitty, as David's commanding officer, ordered him to throw himself on the grenade, when Smitty was just as close to it. Janet tells him that David would have done so without being ordered, and that he probably never even heard the command. She then turns the tables on her healer, describing their happy future life together."
Voices	1	The film is about the life of a young couple Robert (David Hemmings) and Claire Williams (Gayle Hunnicutt), whose idyllic existence is turned topsy turvy when their 6-year-old son David (Adam Bridge) dies accidentally by drowning. Through a series of flashbacks it is shown that Claire was deeply traumatized by the loss of David and after numerous suicide attempts due to her mental breakdown, she was finally hospitalized in a mental hospital. Her husband Robert had been trying to cope with the stress as well as but it is apparent that the situation had become increasingly difficult for them both. After Claire gets released from the hospital, with the hope of Claire's full recovery, the couple plans a trip to the countryside where they can relax in the Georgian home, a secluded large manor which was left to Claire by her recently deceased aunt. Their trip gets hindered due to the foggy weather. The fog is so thick that Robert avoids ramming into an oncoming car and hits a tree. When they finally reach the ancient mansion, it seems like the perfect setting for the couple to rekindle their romance but things disintegrate quickly. The situation reaches a breaking point after Claire begins hearing strange unidentifiable voices in the house. Eventually the voices take shape and Claire comes face to face with the ghostly figure of a young girl Jessica (Eva Griffiths) playing with a toy ball who doesn’t seem aware of the couple’s presence. But she isn’t the only ghost haunting the old house. Her mother and brother are also present. Claire desperately tries to convince Robert that she had indeed seen the ghosts but he refuses to do so. However, later both Claire and her husband Robert experience a series of unexplained supernatural events that leave them questioning their sanity as well as their very existence.When the couple finally decides to leave the house and go back to their car, they find out they are dead. Their car had indeed crashed into a tree and their bodies were still inside the wrecked car.
Born to Be Blue	1	"The film is described as ""semi-factual, semi-fictional"".[8] Variety's reviewer, Andrew Barker, noted that the film is ""about a character who happens to share a name and a significant number of biographical similarities with Chet Baker, taking the legendary West Coast jazz musician's life as though it were merely a chord chart from which to launch an improvised set of new melodies"".[2] Set largely in 1966, Baker (portrayed by Ethan Hawke) is hired to play himself in a movie about his earlier years when he first tried heroin. He romances actress Jane Azuka (a fictional character, a composite of several of Baker's women in real life, portrayed here by Carmen Ejogo) but on their first date, Baker is attacked by thugs and his front teeth smashed. As Baker recovers from his injury, his embouchure is ruined and he is unable to play trumpet any better than a novice. Meanwhile, he must answer to a probation officer, and ensure he is employed, while sticking to his regime of methadone treatment."
The Big Bird Cage	1	Blossom (Pam Grier), a buxom bad girl, is the rough-and-ready girlfriend of a radical guerrilla leader, Django (Sid Haig). She rather keeps her relationship a secret, but is also quick to start a fight without knowing it. However, when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship, she softens and the two devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison. A woman named Terry (Anitra Ford), a social climber, ends up in the prison herself because of Blossom and Django's earlier robbery. She is now forced to deal with crazy inmates, gay guards, and torture of the cage. Terry, Blossom, and Django (who busted in by seducing Rocco, one of the guards) eventually come together to face off against the warden Zappa (Andrés Centenera) to stage an explosive breakout.
Doghouse	1	"Vince (Stephen Graham) is depressed over his recent divorce. Six of his friends—Neil (Danny Dyer), Mikey (Noel Clarke), Graham (Emil Marwa), Matt (Lee Ingleby), Patrick (Keith-Lee Castle) and Banksy (Neil Maskell), all of whom have their own women problems—decide to take him on a ""boys' weekend"". They hire a minibus driven by Candy (Christina Cole) to Moodley, a village where the women allegedly outnumber the men 4 to 1. Banksy misses the bus and travels to the town on his own.Arriving at the town, the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women. On the way back to the minibus, the men notice a hooded teenage girl (Alison Carroll) being attacked by a man in military uniform. They rush to her aid and in the confusion of the moment, the hooded teen takes the soldier's knife and stabs Neil. They run for the bus dragging the unconscious soldier with them but discover that Candy, their once-hot bus driver has already become infected. More infected women appear and begin to attack them as they retreat to a house owned by Mikey's grandmother. The soldier (Terry Stone) admits that the town has been infected by a biological agent that turns women into cannibals.The men make another attempt to get on the bus, using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away. However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back into the streets. They scatter about the village, hiding in a toy store, a clothes shop, and the butcher shop. Patrick gets trapped on a billboard. Neil runs into a house but is taken hostage by a morbidly obese woman who cuts off his little finger and eats it. Neil eventually escapes and is joined by the others, after their own misadventures, in the local church. There they discover a military command center. Matt powers up the computers and they talk briefly to a local politician, Meg Nut (Mary Tamm). She had been involved in the distribution of the toxin disguised as biological washing powder. The soldier finds a control box and explains it is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further into ""Phase 2"" monsters that are faster, more intelligent and weirder. The women so change but when the soldier uses the sonar device it is revealed to have stopped working. He is then killed by Mikey's grandmother, before Matt bludgeons the monster-nan to death with a golf club. Traumatized by what he has done, Matt walks off to 'cool it off' and is killed by a ""Phase 2"" monster which had appeared from the basement of the Church. After finding a nest with women feasting on the bodies of men in the basement, the men barricade themselves on the roof of the church as more blood crazed women break in.Banksy eventually arrives at Moodley. Although at first he believes his friends to be high on drugs, he soon recognizes the seriousness of the situation and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof. Graham is then attacked by the morbidly obese woman. Banksy leads the surviving group to his vehicle—a small Smart car, however it is not big enough for all of them. As they all argue Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death. Everyone else heads to the minibus, where Banksy is killed as Vince fights off Candy. Vince blasts Neil and Mikey, who treat their women badly but get away with it, while nice men like him and their dead friends treat women with respect, only to be rejected or killed. He resolves to be more like them. Before they can drive away, the voice of the still-alive Graham crackles over the walkie-talkie. As he makes his way out from the church Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply. With it now working, the men are able to stop the women in their tracks; however, Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it. The infected are once again unleashed and, with the injured Graham in a shopping trolley, the four make a run for it, laughing."
Kalyug	2	This is a tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between two families.Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor, brought up the two sons of Ramchand upon his demise. He also gave the family business a firm foundation. Khubchand (Vinod Doshi), the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj (Victor Banerjee) and Sandeepraj (Akash Khurana). Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother, had died a few years ago. His three sons are Dharamraj (Raj Babbar), Balraj (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) and Bharatraj (Anant Nag). Another player in the game is Karan (Shashi Kapoor), an orphan brought up by Bhishamchand.A series of events brings the long-hidden feud between the two families to light. Despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge, Bharatraj murders Karan. Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought into the open that only add to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families, showing the brittleness of our moral fabric.
Shamanthakamani	0	The story revolves around 5cr worth of vintage Rolls Royce car called Shamanthakamani owned by a millionaire Krishna (Sudheer Babu) which was stolen from the parking lot of a 5 Star hotel which leads into an aftermath. Inspector Ranjith Kumar (Nara Rohit) is assigned with the job of finding the missing car. During the investigation, Ranjith Kumar suspects three people as accusing; a car mechanic Uma Maheswara Rao / Mahesh Babu (Rajendra Prasad), a villager Siva (Sundeep Kishan) and a middle-class youngster Karthik (Aadi) and arrests them. Rest of the story is what happened to the car? Who is the actual culprit? How does Ranjith Kumar solve the crime?
Sandhippoma	0	"Vishwa (Suriya) and Nilani (Preetha Vijayakumar) fall in love. Her mother doesn't approve, but goes along with it. Complications arise when Vishwa exhibits ""fashion"" photos he's taken of Nilani, which further upsets Nilani's mother. Then it comes to light that Surya's father (Prakash Raj) had an affair, and things take a dramatic, tragic turn for the lovers. In the end, both families arrive at airport to prevent Nilani from boarding the flight, but to their bad luck, they could not stop it. Nilani commits suicide by swallowing poison from her ring and Vishwa, who gets hit by a wall, turns mentally challenged with the behavior of a child."
I Cover Big Town	0	"""Illustrated Press"" society editor Lorelei Kilbourne (Hillary Brooke) is assigned to a police case. Her crusading newspaper editor Steve Kilgore suspects that hard-luck suspect Harry Hilton (Frank Wilcox) has been framed on a murder rap. Lorelei and Steve proceed to help the police solve the crime, at the same time uncovering a conspiracy to bring a building firm to bankruptcy."
The Major	0	Police Major Sergei Sobolev's wife is in labour. The future father rushes to the hospital, but then his car hits, at full speed, a boy who was crossing the road at a pedestrian crossing, causing his death. The only witness is the boy's mother, Irina Gutorova.The Major decides to avoid responsibility for the crime and call his colleagues to the incident scene. His colleague Pavel Korshunov quickly eliminates the evidence that proves Sobolev's guilt. Despite the fact that the mother of the deceased 7-year-old boy knows the true culprit of the accident, the Chief of District police forced her to give false testimony in favour of Major Sobolev.Subsequently, Sobolev decides to confess everything and to be punished, but the other police officers do not like the idea: after all, in covering the major, they cover traces of their own abuse, in this modernized yet still corrupted police force.
Hell Boats	2	In 1941 Lieutenant Commander Jeffords (James Franciscus), an American serving with the Royal Navy is assigned to Valletta, Malta, to command a flotilla of Motor Torpedo Boats for a top secret mission. Jeffords is granted permission to take his friend Chief Petty Officer Yacov (Reuven Bar-Yotam), an Israeli/Palestinian with him.Through scrounging spare parts from sunken craft, the battered flotilla is able to piece together three seaworthy craft. Jeffords' mission is to destroy a former Italian submarine base in Augusta, Sicily, that now contains the German's Fritz X glide bombs that have been taking a heavy toll of British shipping. As the bombs are stored in former submarine pens tunnelled inside a mountain, an aerial attack is unfeasibile. It is up to Jeffords to determine how he will accomplish his mission.Off duty, Jeffords meets Alison Ashurst (Elizabeth Shepherd) bathing in the nude who turns out to be the wife of his commanding officer Commander Ashurst (Ronald Allen). Jeffords turns down her offer of having an affair.Jeffords first decides to make a reconnaissance of his target by being taken into the base by the Sicilian Resistance. Jeffords' mission is successful, but at the cost of the lives of his Resistance escort.Jeffords schemes to capture a German E-Boat in a manner similar to Commander Ian Fleming's Operation Ruthless. By sending a false radio message that General Alexander's aeroplane has gone missing in a certain area, Jeffords and crew pose as survivors of the crash then capture the boat attempting to pick them up. Jeffords uses the captured craft as a Trojan Horse to penetrate the harbour, having the other boats in the flotilla follow his captured craft in once the Germans have lifted their boom gate. Jeffords and two others don Scuba sets to swim into the tunnels and plant explosive charges.The Allied invasion of Sicily took place in July 1943.
Phillauri	2	A young man Kanan (Suraj Sharma) returns to India from Canada to marry his long-term girlfriend Anu (Mehreen Pirzada), but comes to know that as he is a manglik (born under an unlucky star) he has to get married to a tree before getting married to her. He reluctantly marries the tree, which is duly chopped down after the completion of the ceremony. As a result, from that day onwards he is haunted by the spirit of a woman named Shashi (Anushka Sharma), who lived in that particular tree and hence claims to now be 'married' to him.The story of Phillauri and Shashi is slowly revealed via the latter's flashbacks. Back in an unspecified time period, Shashi is a bright young woman who never fails to read the works of a poet named Phillauri that is regularly published in a local weekly. Everyone in the village of Phillaur thinks that the poems are written by the singer Roop Lal 'Phillauri' (Diljit Dosanjh), who is the heart-throb of the village. However Roop Lal notices that Shashi, unlike all the other village girls, never comes to hear him sing. When he confronts her one-day and tells her that he is the Phillauri who writes the poetry by narrating one of his famous poems to her, he is shocked when Shashi slaps and insults him. She asks him to use his talent – of being able to connect with the common man through his songs – for something important (especially when the struggle for independence is on) and not for frivolous matters. From that day onwards Roop Lal is a changed man, dedicating his life to knowing and understanding the poetry of Phillauri (which it is clear now that he is not the author of), and spreading its message via his beautiful singing to others.On one particular night while Roop Lal is alone at home singing one of Phillauri's poems, Shashi comes to him and reveals that she is the one who writes poetry under the pseudonym of 'Phillauri' (which she can't do openly, being a woman). Subsequently, love blossoms between the two (the poet and the singer who translates her poetry to song and spreads its message far and wide), but Shashi's elder brother (a reputed doctor of the village who brought her up) eventually comes to know about the affair and intervenes between the lovers. Roop Lal confronts Shashi's brother and admits to having been an alcohol-addicted good-for-nothing who still is not worthy of her, but tells him that he (Roop Lal) is going to Amritsar to record all the songs written by Shashi and will eventually return and ask for her hand in marriage.The very fact that Shashi writes poetry is a revelation to her brother, and as time passes he too reads the poems and starts appreciating her obvious talent. Meanwhile, Roop Lal records the songs in Amritsar (the gramophone record is credited to Roop Lal 'Phillauri', thus being an amalgam of his name and her pseudonym) and is paid a handsome fee of three hundred rupees. He immediately sends the entire amount as a money order to Shashi's brother, along with a letter stating his intention to return and marry her on Baisakhi. Shashi's brother, by now convinced of Roop Lal's changed nature and good intentions as well as the deep love between the couple, starts the preparations for her marriage.On the day of the wedding Shashi comes to know that she is pregnant, but does not disclose the news to anyone except her close friend Amrit (Nidhi Bisht). She expectantly waits for Roop Lal along with all her relatives and the entire village, but eventually the day ends with him nowhere to be seen on any of the buses from Amritsar. Her brother has to face the intense embarrassment and shame of sending everyone away, and this in turn hurts Shashi so much that she commits suicide (by hanging herself from a tree) due to an overwhelming sense of sadness, despair and betrayal.In the midst of all these flashbacks by Shashi's spirit the parallel storyline in the present continues with Kanan (whose confused ramblings about seeing a ghost naturally no-one believes), ending up in trouble with Anu who feels that he is not really interested in marrying her (which is partially true since he is getting cold feet). In order to clear the misunderstanding Shashi finally manages to reveal her presence to Anu as well (though Anu still cannot see her), and having heard her entire painful story Anu realises that Shashi's spirit is in fact still stuck on the mortal plane due to her unfulfilled love. At that point Anu's grandmother happens to play her favourite record, which as fate would have it is the one Roop Lal recorded. The record label mentions the recording date as 13 April 1919, which results in an epiphany for Kanan who immediately takes Anu (with Shashi in tow) to the site of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre, which took place on that very day 98 years ago.The movie ends with Shashi's spirit reuniting finally with her lover Roop Lal's (who was indeed killed in the massacre on the very Baisakhi day he recorded their songs and was to return to marry her). Before they both ascend to heaven Shashi tells Kanan and Anu (who can now see her) to love and cherish each other always, and that is what they promise each other as they embark on a new phase of their very own love story.[8]
Saddle Tramp	0	While travelling through Nevada to California, Chuck Conner stays with an old friend overnight. When his friend is killed falling from his horse, Connor feels a duty to look after his four children. He takes a job on a local ranch, but has to conceal his new family from his employer. He also takes in a young woman who has runaway from home, who assists him to tackle a gang of cattle rustlers.
Better Luck Tomorrow	1	Ben Manibag and Virgil Hu are stereotypical overachieving Asian-Americans whose singular goal is to gain acceptance into highly prestigious Ivy League universities. Ben engages in perfectionistic pursuits including learning a new SAT word daily, and trying to best Calvin Murphy's record for free-throw shooting percentage. Ben reveals that his perfectionism cloaks another side of his life, including toilet-papering houses with Virgil and other petty crimes including the theft and return of computer equipment with Virgil and his cousin Han Hu to earn easy money. Ben is involved in many school clubs, mainly to pad his college application. He makes the basketball team, though he ends up receiving only token playing time. At the same time, Ben develops a crush on his new lab partner, Stephanie Vandergosh, a girl of Asian descent adopted by a white family.After meeting Daric Loo, senior valedictorian and president of nearly every student club, Ben becomes part of a school-wide cheat sheet operation. Ben pays Jesus, another student, to steal the tests from the school office, which are then sold off to students. Ben also brings in Virgil and Han into the operation, and the four of them make a small fortune. Meanwhile, Ben has fallen for Stephanie. He discovers that her boyfriend, Steve Choe, seems to take her for granted. Steve discovers Ben's crush and offers to let him take her to the Winter Formal.As a member of the Academic Decathlon team with Daric, Virgil and Han, the practices at Daric's house devolve into drinking parties. Later, the group, now intoxicated, arrive at a party, where they are accosted by a football player who mocks them. A fight results in Daric pulling out a gun, stopping the fight. At school the next day, news of the fight spreads around school and the group’s notoriety increases. They gradually expand into more dangerous scams, such as the theft of computer parts from the school and eventually drugs. They become users themselves, with Ben developing a heavy cocaine habit. Ben feels increasingly conflicted as he feels stifled by the expectations that others have of him. On his birthday, he wakes up with a nosebleed as a result of his cocaine use, which scares him into changing his life. He tells the group that he wants to quit. Daric agrees with him, adding that their operation has become a full-time job. Daric presents a gun from the three of them to Ben for his birthday.Virgil continues the operation on his own, but is soon exposed thanks to his own carelessness and bragging. Han is forced to take the blame for the cheat sheet operation and is suspended, but not before beating up Virgil. Ben resumes his academic and extracurricular pursuits. He also begins spending more time with Stephanie, who reveals a wild side of her own when she gives him a CD that she shoplifted. He eventually asks Stephanie to the formal, to which she agrees. During a trip to the Academic Decathlon championships in Las Vegas, Daric hires a prostitute for the guys, with Ben losing his virginity in the process. During his turn, Virgil pulls a gun on the prostitute and she storms off, leading to a fight between Virgil and Han. Despite the turmoil, the team wins the competition.Ben and Stephanie attend the winter formal together and cultivate their friendship.The situation is made clear to Ben when Steve is seen outside of the formal, waiting to take Stephanie home. Steve meets Ben and tells him that he has information on a possible score. The group is stunned when Steve wants them to rob his parents' house. He refers to it as a wake-up call. Ben and Han are against the plan, but Daric convinces them to participate, saying that this would be the perfect opportunity. They agree to Steve’s plan and practice constantly, even agreeing to purchase a gun for Steve.On New Year's Eve, the four meet Steve at Jesus' house, where they begin attacking Steve. In the ensuing struggle the gun goes off. Ben beats Steve nearly to death in the confusion. Thinking Steve is dead, the group convinces Jesus to agree to bury the body in his backyard for $300. Steve begins to twitch, but Daric suffocates Steve with a gasoline-soaked rag while a tearful Virgil clutches him. Afterwards, the four go to a New Year's party, where Ben and Stephanie kiss at midnight.On a hot sunny day, Ben and Virgil discover Steve's body buried in the backyard. Ben debates on whether to report Steve's murder to the police. The guilt over Steve's murder is too much for Virgil, who attempts to commit suicide, but suffers potential brain damage in the process. At the hospital, Daric makes a flippant remark about Virgil's injuries that angers Han. Daric expresses concern about Han or Virgil revealing their secret, but Ben simply resolves to do nothing and walks away.Separated from the group, Ben is alone at school. He encounters Stephanie one day on the way home. She asks him whether he has seen Steve lately, and expresses some concern that he has not called. They kiss, implying the resumption of their relationship. Ben's voice-over tells the audience that he has no idea about what the future holds, but all he knows is that there is no turning back.
What's the Worst That Could Happen?	2	"Kevin Caffrey, a thief and connoisseur is at a local auction looking for things worth stealing. He meets Amber Belhaven who is auctioning off her father's painting to pay a hotel bill. When Kevin asks Amber about her hotel room which leads to Amber asking if he was trying to sleep with her, Kevin blinks rapidly and lies while also telling her that when he blinks he lies. When Kevin asks Amber if he could see her sometime Amber pretends to have the same thing Kevin has and says yes. While knowing what hotel she was staying in, he shows up to her room with the painting she auctioned off, having stolen it. Kevin tells Amber about his stealing business which shocks Amber at first but she accepts it in order to be with Kevin, and she later gives Kevin her father's lucky ring.Elsewhere, Max Fairbanks, a snarky businessman whose company, TUI, is going into bankruptcy, is going over with his lawyer Walter Greenbaum on how to save his company. Walter is exhausted as Max does not take the proceeding seriously and still spends freely even asking to declare bankruptcy immediately without trying to budget so his assets are protected. He tells his wife Lutetia Fairbanks that his company is in a technical procedure to disguise what his company is really going into. Kevin goes to a local bar which his Uncle Jack owns to see Amber. Whilst inside he also runs into his friend Berger, who is also a thief and happens to know what places to hit. While having Kevin going outside to tell him about Max Fairbanks, he shows him an article about Max's current situation with his company, as well as what he couldn't access due to the critical condition of the chapter 11 bankruptcy code which includes going into his beachfront mansion.Kevin and Berger go to the house to rob it, but Max captures Kevin. Before the police take Kevin away, Max spots Amber's ring and tells the police that the ring was also stolen. Kevin is forced to hand over the ring. After escaping from the police, Kevin returns to the beach house to get his ring back from Max, but fails to find him. Angry at Max, Kevin finishes off what he started by robbing Max of the valuables inside the house and one of Max's three cars outside. Kevin tells Amber that the ring was stolen from him.The next day an exasperated Walter informs Max he was banned from his summer house, and his being there breached the terms of his bankruptcy. Max flippantly says he'll be fine as the ring is his lucky charm. Meanwhile, Kevin and Berger hire Shelly Nix, a computer hacker, to track Max's whereabouts by hacking into his e-mail. During an airplane flight, Max talks to his associate Gloria, a psychic, about the ring. Gloria consults her cards, and draws a king with five daggers on his head. Shocked at the result, Gloria doesn't tell Max what she drew and pretends that her phone connection is breaking up. Max meets a judge that he thought he paid off to keep his house, but his insults lead to the judge ordering him to sell his house and his contents at a public auction.Upon knowing Max's plan to go to a cocktail party and then head to his beach house for one final visit, Kevin and Berger, with the help of their partners Windham and Edwina, rob another one of Max's houses. The next morning Max finds out that his house has been robbed and meets with Detective Alex Tardio of the Robbery Division. Having enough of Kevin stealing from him, he calls his head of security, Earl Redburn.Kevin finds out from Shelly that Max is going to Washington, D.C., for a Senate hearing and has an apartment there. Kevin and Berger go to Washington to try and rob Max's apartment. There, Kevin learns that Max intends to secretly bribe the senators, and replaces the bribe money with insulting notes in Max's name. Max and Earl later storm into the apartment, having deduced Kevin's presence there. In the ensuing scuffle, Kevin tries to steal back the ring, but instead steals Max's wedding ring. Afterwards, Amber decides that Kevin's feud with Max has gone too far and that she no longer cares about the ring. While Max later addresses the Senate Committee he gets a call from Kevin who tells him that if Max will give him his ring back he will give him back his. Max refuses and proceeds to repeatedly curse at Kevin. To the senators, and other viewers, it appears he is speaking to them, with the result being that the hearing ends very badly for Max. While going back to his apartment in Philadelphia, Walter quits as his lawyer and Earl tells him that he was hacked; Max tells Earl his plan to get Kevin once and for all.Kevin goes to Jack to find out where Amber is; Jack tells Kevin to stop robbing Max out of personal conflict and to forget about the ring. But when Berger tells Kevin about Max's bankruptcy auction and for how much his auction full of valuables is worth, Jack wants in on it too. Max gets a call from Lutetia about Max's behavior on TV, and tells him not to come home, while Amber breaks up with Kevin due to his obsession with Max and the ring. Lutetia finds Amber at Jack's bar wearing a jacket of hers that Kevin stole from their house and confronts her, Amber tells her that Max stole the ring she gave to Kevin. Knowing that they are both in the same situation, they come up with a plan.Gloria, thinking about Max, still draws the same card and decides to come clean. Noticing how bad it is, she tells him to put an end to it, but Max still refuses to give up Kevin's ring. Realizing Max's arrogant determination to keep the ring, she quits being his associate, and goes to Tardio to give him Max's company records.At the bankruptcy auction, Lutetia tells Max that she wishes him well and sends him a masseuse. While Earl keeps looking out for Kevin through his monitors, Berger, Jack, Windham, and Edwina set their scheme in motion. Edwina and Windham are disguised as waiters, with the real waiters bound and gagged in their truck. Berger is disguised as the auctioneer, while Jack is his associate, having tied up and gagged the original auctioneer. Shelly hacks into Max's security system. The crooks steal as much as they can, and later flee. Windham plants smoke bombs to obscure their escape and calls the fire brigade. At 2:00 Shelly plants a video of Kevin delivering a message to Max that he was being robbed without him being there on Earl's monitors.Angry and enraged, Max goes out into the smoke to find Kevin, but a firefighter, actually Kevin in disguise, drags him out of the smoke, stealing the ring in the process. Kevin steals Max's boat to escape, but Max jumps onto the boat and struggles with Kevin to get back the ring. While hitting a buoy, causing the boat to sink, Kevin and Max find out that the ring is a fake, the ring having an inscription inside it that said: ""Grow up."" a message that they both got from their lovers. Max realises that Lutetia had induced the masseuse to steal the ring during his massage. When Tardio finds Max and Kevin, Kevin tells Tardio that he was saving Max, while Max corroborates his story, telling Tardio that he had never met Kevin. Kevin thanks Max and tells him that he owes him one. While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin, she shows him the ring, revealing that she was the masseuse. She tells Kevin that the ring had bad luck and that he should throw it away. Kevin agrees and flings the ring out of sight and gets back together with Amber. Kevin, pretending to be Max's lawyer, fixes the Senate hearing and goes into the press conference victorious. When it is over Max and Kevin part ways, but as they do so, Kevin steals one of Max's watches."
Without Love	0	Lonely widow Jamie Rowan (Katharine Hepburn) helps the war effort by marrying a military research scientist, Patrick Jamieson (Spencer Tracy on film, Elliott Nugent on the stage), who has set up his lab in her house in Washington, D.C. Patrick has had all the worst of love and Jamie, all the best. They both believe that a marriage could be a success without love, as it reduces the chances of jealousy and bickering and all the other marital disadvantages. But as the film progresses, the inevitable happens as they begin to fall in love with each other.In the movie, Jamie's house is at 481 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. In real life there is no 481 Connecticut Avenue, N.W. in D.C. Connecticut Avenue begins at the 800 block. If Connecticut Avenue were extended further south, 481 would be near the Ellipse Visitor Pavilion.
Anjathe	2	Sathyavan (Narain) and Kirubakaran (Ajmal Ameer) are close friends living opposite each other in the police quarters neighborhood. Sathya is a rowdy, wasting his time drinking merrily and getting involved in fights. Though he and Kiruba pass college with a first-class degree, Sathya has no interest in joining the police force like his father (M. S. Bhaskar). Kiruba studies hard to become a Sub-Inspector (SI), challenging Sathya to do the same. Just a day before the exam, Sathya decides to take up the exam as well, much to his friend's surprise and with little head start, passes the physical, written and interview, with the help of malpractices and influence from his uncle and becomes an SI. However, Kiruba doesn't make it through despite being straightforward; this creates a rift between the two.Kiruba's father lies to Sathya that he has gone to Mumbai, but Sathya finds him in the local bar, having become a drunkard.Parallel is the story of Deena Dayalan (Prasanna) and Loganathan aka Logu (Pandiarajan), who extort money from businessmen through kidnappings. Before Sathya becomes a policeman, he beats up Daya for attempting to molest Kiruba's sister Udhra (Vijayalakshmi), though none including Kiruba knows of this.Sathya gains fame by holding off knife-wielding men who come to kill an injured man at a hospital, though the man is killed later in the night. As a result, Sathya is drafted into a special task force (STF) to catch the gang members related to the crime. Daya and Logu carry out two kidnappings, raping the victims on both occasions, and release them for ransom money. Kiruba is beaten up by the police for a skirmish at the local bar; his father suffers a heart attack after getting his son back from the police station. At this point of time Kiruba is employed by Daya, mainly because the former is distraught and will fall easily to the lure of money and booze. In the third time however, the police are informed, but the kidnappers find out by chance and change the drop off point at the last moment. They give the police the slip, but narrowly avoid capture, with Kiruba providing shelter for them in his house. Kiruba joins along to get money for his father's angioplasty, though he doesn't realize until it's too late that he is doing illegal things and harming young children.Meanwhile, Sathya identifies Daya from the characteristics, with a background check revealing that Daya was accused of raping his senior's wife in the army. Daya, Logu, and their accomplices are again almost caught when the police trace one of the accomplices' family. Daya kills his own man during this raid to avoid information being passed, and hatch a plan to escape to Bihar in a poultry van. Logu is killed by Daya, upon learning that the former had hatched a plan to kill him. However, to escape to the city outskirts to rendezvous with this van, they hijack the Inspector-General's (IG) car with his two daughters inside. Switching soon to a disguised-dog van to get past check-posts with the two girls, Daya, Kiruba and another accomplice arrive at a sugarcane field. Sathya recognizes Kiruba's voice from the ransom call he makes to the IG, and follows Udhra from the hospital, who has been instructed to bring a bag full of cash from their home (kept there by Daya), to the sugarcane field.The plot to kidnap the IG's daughters is an elaborate ruse to divert the police force to the south of the city while they escape from the north. The special task force, who are in the south of the city, realize the plot and upon learning that Sathya is alone in the north of the city, head in that direction.In the sugarcane fields, Kiruba shows compassion towards the two girls, treating them softly. Upon hearing some noise in the field, Daya splits the group, doing so to meet up directly with Udhra who has the money-bag. He tries to rape her, but Sathya intervenes and a fist fight ensures, but the special task force comes upon them, and kill Daya by setting it up as an encounter.The two girls split and escape from the third accomplice, only for one of them to be recaptured by him, but is let off being too tiring to carry. Kiruba and the third accomplice try to run away, with Udhra behind him. Just as he leaves her to escape, she reveals that she is in love with Sathya and uses the situation to handcuff herself to Kiruba to avoid him from escaping. In the end, Sathya shoots Kiruba in self-defense and to save one of the IG's daughters from being shot. When Kiruba lies on Sathya's lap shot, Kiruba finds a ring he once gifted to Sathya on his birthday which Kiruba believed thrown away by Sathya drunk while partying at the bar which in turn wets Kiruba's eye and dies. The ending scenes of the film show Sathya and Udhra getting married and having a son, whom they name Kiruba.
Kamen Rider Kabuto: GOD SPEED LOVE	2	In 1999, an enormous meteor crashed onto Earth and caused a global calamity that depleted the planet's waters. Furthermore, the meteor carried extraterrestrial creatures known as the Worms who proceeded to kill humans and assume their identities. In order to counter this new threat, ZECT was formed, who in turn created the Masked Rider System to combat the Worms. The battles lasts over seven years, depleting Earth's resources and turning it into a barren wasteland. By present time, power struggles in ZECT have caused Hidenori Oda to establish a splinter group called Neo-ZECT with Daisuke Kazama and Shura Hokuto to fight against ZECT's authority. A mysterious youth named Souji Tendou arrives to the city and decides to sell his power to either Neo-ZECT or ZECT for his own personal agenda.At the same time, ZECT has obtained intelligence about a large comet orbiting the vicinity of space. By building the Jacob's Ladder space station, they plan to capture this comet and spread its water throughout Earth, replenishing the Earth’s oceans. The space station includes a function that works in conjunction with the Rider System's Clock Up function. Tendou joins Neo-ZECT after telling Kagami that he will act as a double agent and report back what Neo-ZECT is currently planning while destroying the organization from the inside. Tendou, in turns, updates Neo-ZECT about ZECT's operation, effectively manipulating both groups while getting intel on ZECT's golden rider.When Neo-ZECT's plan to take over the Jacob's Ladder is initiated, both groups’ true colors come to light. Tendou and Oda proceed to Jacob's Ladder while Shura and Daisuke act as a diversion. Daisuke transforms into Kamen Rider Drake and exploded a few gas tanks in order to gain attention. But The plan failed when Shura betrayed them, and Daisuke realizes it's a trap and ZECT already knows about their attack. Tendou and Oda are greeted by Yaguruma Sou and ZECTroopers, while Daisuke dies facing Shura and her troops. Meanwhile, Tendou and Oda are attempting to fight off Yaguruma. Oda tells Tendou to hurry ahead to the space station, and he will hold Yaguruma and his troops back. Yaguruma transformed into Kamen Rider TheBee before being killed by Oda as Kamen Rider Hercus. Tendou arrived on Jacob's Ladder first and is confronted by Tetsuki Yamato - Kamen Rider Ketaros. Kabuto's fight with Ketaros ends when they both fall off the space station due a shockwave caused by the comet being shattered by meteor that was dragged in by the Clock Up function. Kabuto survives by using the Kabuto Extender for a safe landing while Ketaros dies upon re-entry into Earth's atmosphere and Oda is killed by the mysterious golden rider Kamen Rider Caucasus.Tendou and Kagami later receive news that Hiyori is on the point of dying due to the exposure to the meteor dust years ago and it is then that Tendou reveals he is Hiyori's brother. Holding the wedding ceremony in a hospital, Hiyori dies soon afterwards. At this point, despite being told that precautions to destroy the meteor will be executed, Shura learns that ZECT's higher ups have sided with the Worms and intend to have the meteor fall. Mortally wounded from an attempt to silence her, Shura lived long enough to call Tendou of the turn of events as he and Kagami take it on as their mission to save humanity from this disaster. Kabuto and Gattack reach the shuttle in time and meet Caucasus, who explains to them that the meteor is carried hibernating Worms. Furthermore, explaining he defends only those who deserve to be the superior form of life, and that missiles within the shuttle will be used to decimate the human population to enable the Worms' infiltration.The majority of the battle is in Caucasus' favor due to the speed provided to him by the Hyper Zector: The item that Tendou was searching for the entire time. Caucasus was about to kill Kabuto with a Rider Kick when Gattack intercepts the attack, badly wounding himself while allowing Kabuto to take the Hyper Zector from Caucasus and force him out through the air-lock. Kabuto places the injured Kagami into an escape pod to send him to Earth, unaware that Caucasus is holding on Kagami's escape pod and intends to punch a hole into the window to kill the man for his interference. Kabuto luckily uses the Hyper Zector to become Hyper Kabuto and uses Hyper Clock Up to intercept Caucacus before he succeeded and Hyper Kicked him into the space shuttle, destroying him and the vessel.Hyper Kabuto then uses the Hyper Zecter to send the second meteor back in time by seven years and force it to crash into the first meteor. The result is that only a small fragment of the original meteor hits Shibuya, minimizing the damage and erasing the future in which the Earth's oceans are dried up. But shockwave caused by the two meteors crashing knocks Tendou towards Shibuya, finding his past self in the same situation as in the previous timeline. But Tendou, in his final moments of existence, gives his belt to the younger Tendou to give the boy strength to save Hiyori. With the disastrous future erased, Tendou disappears as his younger self grows up and lives a better life in the new timeline.
Detachment	0	Detachment is a chronicle of one month in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators and students through the eyes of a substitute teacher named Henry Barthes (Adrien Brody). Barthes' method of imparting vital knowledge to his temporary students is interrupted by the arrival of three women in his life — the damaged and naive prostitute Erica (Sami Gayle), a fellow teacher (Christina Hendricks) and a troubled teen named Meredith (Betty Kaye). These women all have profound effects on Barthes' life, forcing him to both re-discover aspects of his own personality, and to come to terms with both the tragic suicide of his mother and the impending death of his grandfather. The film is punctuated with flashbacks of scenes of Barthes' young childhood and his mother's suicide.Sub-plots include the struggles of Dr. Parker (Lucy Liu) within her role as the school counselor and the painful torment of Principal Dearden (Marcia Gay Harden), who faces her dismissal as head of this deeply flawed school.
The Wind That Shakes the Barley	2	"County Cork, Ireland, 1920. Dr. Damien O'Donovan is about to leave his native village to practise medicine in a London hospital. Meanwhile, his brother Teddy commands the local flying column of the Irish Republican Army. After a hurling match, Damien witnesses the summary execution of his friend, Micheál Ó Súilleabháin, by British Black and Tans. Although shaken, Damien rebuffs his friends' entreaties to stay in Ireland and join the IRA, saying that the war is unwinnable. As he is leaving town, Damien witnesses the British Army vainly trying to intimidate a railway personnel for refusing to permit the troops to board. In response, Damien decides to stay and is sworn into Teddy's IRA brigade.After drilling in the mountains, the column raids the village's Royal Irish Constabulary barracks to acquire revolvers, then uses them to assassinate four Auxiliaries. In the aftermath, Anglo-Irish landowner Sir John Hamilton coerces one of his servants, IRA member Chris Reilly, into passing information to the British Army's Intelligence Corps. As a result, the entire brigade is arrested. In their cell, Damien meets the train driver, Dan, a union official who shares Damien's socialist views.Meanwhile, British officers interrogate Teddy, pulling out his fingernails when he refuses to give them the names of IRA members. Johnny Gogan, a British soldier of Irish descent, helps the prisoners escape, but three are left behind. After the actions of Sir John and Chris are revealed to the IRA's intelligence network, both are taken hostage. As Teddy is still recovering, Damien is temporarily placed in command. News arrives that the three remaining IRA prisoners have been tortured and shot. Simultaneously, the brigade receives orders to ""execute the spies"".Despite the fact that Chris is a lifelong friend, Damien shoots both him and Sir John. Later, the IRA ambushes and wipes out a convoy of the Auxiliary Division, and in retaliation another detachment of Auxiliaries loots and burns the farmhouse of Damien's sweetheart, Cumann na mBan member Sinéad Sullivan. Sinéad is held at gunpoint while her head is roughly shorn, her scalp being wounded in the process. Later, as Damien treats her, a messenger arrives with news of a formal ceasefire between Britain and the IRA.After the Anglo-Irish Treaty is signed, the brigade learns that a partitioned Ireland will only be granted Dominion status within the British Empire. As a result, the brigade divides over accepting the terms of the Treaty. Teddy and his allies argue that accepting the Treaty will bring peace now while further gains can be made later. Others oppose the Treaty, proposing to continue fighting until a united Irish Republic can be obtained. Dan and Damien further demand the collectivisation of industry and agriculture. Any other course, declares Dan, will change only ""the accents of the powerful and the colour of the flag"".Soon the Irish Free State replaces British rule, and Teddy and his allies begin patrolling in National Army uniforms. Meanwhile, Damien and his allies join the Anti-Treaty IRA. When the Battle of Dublin launches the Irish Civil War, the Anti-Treaty column commences guerrilla warfare against Free State forces. As the violence escalates, Teddy expresses fear that the British will invade if the republicans gain the upper hand. His position is: ""They take one out, we take one back. To hell with the courts.""Soon after, Dan is killed and Damien is captured during a raid for arms on an Irish Army barracks commanded by Teddy. Sentenced to execution , Damien is held in the same cell where the British Army imprisoned them earlier. Desperate to avoid executing his brother, Teddy pleads with Damien to reveal where the Anti-Treaty IRA is hiding the stolen rifles. In return, Teddy offers Damien full amnesty, a life with Sinéad, and the vision of an Ireland where Pro- and Anti-Treaty Irishmen can raise families side by side. Insulted, Damien responds by saying that he will never ""sell out"" the Republic the way Chris Reilly did and Teddy leaves the cell in tears. Damien writes a goodbye letter to Sinéad, expressing his love for her,and quote his brother's words ""It's easy to know what you're against, quite another to know what you're for"".But he says that he knows what he stands for and is not afraid to die for it and tells Sinéad to look after Teddy. At dawn, Damien dies before a firing squad commanded by a heartbroken yet obstinate Teddy. Teddy delivers Damien's letter to Sinéad who is distraught and heartbroken. She attacks Teddy and orders him to leave her land."
Gulliver's Travels	2	"Deeply depressed at his dead-end job in the mail room of a New York City newspaper, Lemuel Gulliver decides to talk to journalist Darcy Silverman. He convinces her he could write a report about his (false) extensive world ""travels"" saying his dream is to become a writer. After suffering writer's block and thinking that Darcy will not want to hang out with a ""guy from the mailroom"", he plagiarises a report from other publications on the internet. The next day, Darcy, impressed by his writing, presents Gulliver with a new task – to travel to the Bermuda Triangle and write an article about the legends of ships mysteriously disappearing there.Upon arrival in Bermuda, Gulliver rents a boat and travels into the triangle. After falling asleep at the helm of his ship, he's caught in a freak storm and the boat is overwhelmed by a waterspout. He washes up unconscious on the shore of Lilliput, where he is immediately confirmed as a ""beast"" by the town's tiny people. After the citizens claim him to be dangerous because of his huge size, he is captured and imprisoned in a cave. Here, he meets another prisoner named Horatio who was jailed by General Edward because he loves Princess Mary of Lilliput, whereas Edward also wants her. After the island across from Lilliput, Blefuscia, infiltrates commandos to kidnap Princess Mary, Gulliver manages to break free of the plough-machine he is forced to work and then rescues the princess from being kidnapped. Gulliver also saves her father, King Theodore from a fire by urinating on it.Gulliver is declared a hero by Lilliput's citizens and makes up a deal of lies saying he is the President of Manhattan, says Yoda is his Vice-President and a living legend in his homeland. Edward, however, becomes enraged due to the luxurious accommodations that have been built for him, and even being presented as an honorary general of the Lilliputian Army complete with uniform. When the townspeople find Gulliver's boat and his things, Gulliver gets angry voicemails from Darcy, saying she has to take his place and travel to Bermuda now, and also found out about his plagiarism and now hates him. The next day, chaos ensues as the Blefuscian Navy lay siege on the city when Edward shuts down its defense system as an act of revenge for Gulliver's treatment. Gulliver defeats the armada, invulnerable to the cannonballs being fired at him (although he receives numerous welts on his stomach). Embarrassed once more, and with Mary no longer wanting to do anything with him, Edward defects to the Blefuscians and brings with him blueprints of a robot coming from Gulliver's Guitar Hero III game manual. The Blefuscians secretly build the robot, with Edward as the pilot.The Blefuscians invade Liliput and the robot-wielding Edward makes Gulliver admit to the people that he is ""just the guy from the mail-room"" and nothing more. Edward banishes Gulliver on the shores of ""the island where we dare not go"" (Brobdingnag). There, he is snatched up by a ""little"" girl (Glumdalclitch) who towers over him. She captures him easily by trapping him inside a glass cup. When Gulliver wakes up, he finds himself dressed up in a pink dress and is played with by the ""little"" girl, which ends with him being tucked in bed. Horatio, who has gone to find Gulliver after being spurned by Mary, reveals to Gulliver that Darcy has been imprisoned by the Blefuscians when she is lost in the Bermuda Triangle in the same manner as Gulliver. Gulliver narrowly escapes with him, using a parachute that he took from a dead U.S. Air Force pilot sitting in the dollhouse.Once again accepting a duel from Edward, this time not only for Lilliput's freedom but for its fate as well – as Edward threatens to destroy it should Gulliver fail – Gulliver ultimately defeats him with the assistance of Horatio, who disables the machine's electrocuting weapon. Horatio is hailed a hero and gets King Theodore's permission to court the princess. Edward, reaching the point of insanity, threatens to kill the princess, but the princess, finally having enough of Edward, beats the traitor up in frustration. Gulliver then helps to make peace between the rival island-nations by reciting Edwin Starr's ""War"" and he, along with Darcy, return to New York City on their repaired boat. The film ends with Gulliver, now a travel writer, taking Darcy to lunch while holding hands, after returning from another travel assignment."
Incendies	1	Following the death of Nawal Marwan, a Canadian immigrant, her two children, fraternal twins Jeanne and Simon, meet with French Canadian notary Jean Lebel, their mother’s employer and family friend. Nawal's will makes reference to not keeping a promise, denying her a proper gravestone and casket, unless Jeanne and Simon track down their mysterious brother, whose existence they were previously unaware of, and their father, whom they believed was dead.A series of flashbacks reveal Nawal came from a Christian Arab family in an unnamed Middle Eastern country, and that she fell in love with a refugee, resulting in her pregnancy. Her family murders her lover and nearly shoots her as an honour killing, but her grandmother spares her, tattoos the baby and abandons him, and sends Nawal to the fictional city of Daresh. While at school, a civil war and war crimes break out as Christian nationalists attack Muslims and refugees, with Nawal opposing the war on human rights grounds. Her son's orphanage in Kfar Khout is destroyed by the nationalists, and unknown to her, her son has been rescued by a Muslim warlord, Chamseddine, who converts him into an Islamic child soldier. Seeking revenge for the loss of her son, Nawal joins the Muslim fighters and shoots a nationalist leader. Afterwards, she is imprisoned in Kfar Ryat and raped by torturer Abou Tareq. She consequently gives birth to the twins.After travelling to her mother's native country, Jeanne uncovers this past, and persuades Simon, who is angry with his mother's unusual personality, to join her. With help from Lebel, they learn their brother's name is Nihad of May and track down Chamseddine. Simon meets with him personally, and he reveals the war-mad Nihad was captured by the nationalists, joined their army, and took the name Abou Tareq, making him both the twins' half-brother and father. Nihad had immigrated to Canada and Nawal only learned his true identity after recognizing him at a Canadian swimming pool and seeing his tattoo. The twins find Nihad in Canada and deliver Nawal's letters to him without speaking to him. Nawal gets a gravestone, which Nihad visits.
Akkada Ammayi Ikkada Abbayi	0	Harichandra Prasad (Nazar) 53 and Vishnu Murthy (Saratbabu) 51 are two rich and powerful rivals in a village. Harichandra Prasad’s daughter Supriya (Supriya) 20 and Vishnu Murthy’s son Kalyan (Pawan Kalyan) 23 study in same college, where they both engage in few fights and bets. Kalyan and his gang’s attempts to enter girls hostel and succeeds at last, and he wins a bet with Supriya. Slowly their love blossoms under these petty things and they reach their village, where they are separated at railway station itself by their parents. Vacation ends and Kalyan reaches station to get back to his college, but Supriya does not turn up. Kalyan learns that her marriage is fixed, and gets off the train to reach Supriya’s house. But he is thrashed by Harichandra Prasad and his men. Meanwhile, her marriage is postponed due to her grandmother’s 76 death. Using this to their advantage, Kalyan and Supriya elope. Her brother 23 and his men become involved in a fight with Kalyan. In the end, Vishnu Murthy saves Harichandra Prasad from being drowned in an abyss, and suddenly everyone realizes their mistake and reunite the lovers and get them married.
The Unsinkable Molly Brown	0	Rescued from the Colorado River as an infant and raised by Seamus Tobin, tomboy Molly Brown is determined to find a wealthy man to marry. She journeys to Leadville, Colorado and is hired as a saloon singer by Christmas Morgan. After miner Johnny Brown renovates his cabin, the two wed, and he sells his claim in a silver mine for $300,000. Soon after the money Molly hid in the stove is accidentally burnt, Johnny discovers the richest gold vein in state history.The Browns and Seamus move into a Denver mansion, and Molly sets out to improve her social status by trying to ingratiate herself with the city's elite, all of whom snub her and her nouveau riche ways. She and Johnny go to Europe, where they are embraced by royalty, and the couple return to Denver with their new friends. Molly's plan to introduce them to the people who formerly rejected her is derailed by Johnny's rough and tumble friends, whose unexpected and boisterous arrival ruins the gala party Molly is hosting.Molly decides to return to Europe, leaving Johnny behind. She initially falls for the charms of Prince Louis de Lanière, but eventually decides she prefers to live with Johnny in Leadville. For the first time in her life, she realizes that someone else's feelings and priorities need to be considered. Setting sail for home aboard the Titanic, she becomes a heroine when the ship sinks and she helps rescue many of her fellow passengers. When her deed makes international headlines, Molly is welcomed home by Johnny and the people of Denver.
Government Agents vs Phantom Legion	2	Two US government agents, Hal Duncan and Sam Bradley, must prevent agents of a foreign power, led by Regan and Cady, from hijacking trucks and stealing defence materials being transported by truck. They are hired by an interstate trucking association whose constituent truck lines have been principal targets of the hijacking, and it becomes evident that one of the four directors of the association - Armstrong, Crandall, Thompson or Willard - is the secret leader of this gang and provides them with shipment and route information necessary for the gang's successes.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason	2	"The film begins shortly before Bridget's mother's (Gemma Jones) annual Turkey Curry Buffet. Bridget (Renée Zellweger) is ecstatic about her relationship with Mark Darcy (Colin Firth). However, Bridget's confidence in her relationship is shattered when she meets Mark's assistant, a beautiful, slim and quick witted Australian named Rebecca Gillies (Jacinda Barrett). Bridget meets her ex, Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant), at her job for TV morning show Sit-Up Britain and is offered a position alongside Cleaver in a new travel tv series. Bridget initially refuses and declares that Daniel is a ""deceitful, sexist, disgusting specimen of humanity"". Bridget eventually relents and agrees to sign on to the project, despite her friends' serious misgivings.Bridget is delighted when Mark invites her to the ""Law Council Dinner"", assuming he will propose afterwards, but the night does not end well. She is overdressed for the event, wearing a gold dress while everyone else is wearing serious lawyer black; the hairdresser has ruined her hair, which her friends hurriedly repair at her flat; she heavily rouges her cheeks in the taxi and then as a final debacle, makes a critical error in the trivial quiz that almost causes her team to lose with a question about Madonna. Rebecca Gillies wins the night by chiming in with the correct answer. Bridget's confidence is thoroughly deflated.After the ""Law Council Dinner"", Mark and Bridget have an argument and she walks away from him in a huff. Mark goes to Bridget's apartment, apologizes, and tells her he loves her for the first time. Later in the night, Mark asks Bridget if she'd like to go on a ski holiday in Vorarlberg, Austria. Once on the slopes, she learns Rebecca recommended the vacation spot to Mark. While on the holiday, Bridget suspects she's pregnant; after an argument concerning the upbringing and education of their future children, the pregnancy test proves negative. After they return home, Bridget and Mark attended a scheduled lunch with both of their parents. When the subject of marriage comes up during conversation, Bridget is hurt by Mark's comment that it's not something they're even thinking about yet.Bridget overhears a message from Rebecca on Mark's answering machine and discusses it with her friends, who advise Bridget that ""If Mark says 'I refuse to dignify that question with an answer', then you know he's having an affair"". Bridget asks the question, Mark responds predictably and Bridget breaks up with him. She travels to Thailand with her friend, Shazzer (Sally Phillips) and Daniel Cleaver to film ""The Smooth Guide"". Bridget and Daniel film the show, visit several exotic locations and flirt while off duty. Bridget loses faith in Daniel again when she is in his hotel room and while getting ready to romance, notices that a Thai prostitute has arrived for him. She decides he has not changed.During the Thailand vacation, Shazzer has a fling with a younger British man called Jed. While packing up for their trip back home, Shazzer asks Bridget to put Jed's (Paul Nicholls) gift in her bag. Bridget is arrested and sent to a Thai prison after airport security dogs detect a large stash of cocaine inside the gift. In prison, Bridget spends her time sharing stories with the inmates, giving relationship advice and teaching them how to sing and dance to Madonna's ""Like a Virgin"". Mark arrives to tell Bridget that his superiors have sent him to put her release in motion. Bridget identifies Jed in a picture as the man who gave Shazzer the hidden cocaine. Mark states that he was ""just the messenger"" and after confirming Jed's identity and that Bridget ""spent the night with Daniel Cleaver"", declares that her sex life does not interest him. Bridget does not protest or correct his presumption. In Britain, Mark confronts Daniel for not helping Bridget when she was arrested, and they start a fight outside a museum. Eventually, Daniel swears off Bridget for good and sarcastically suggests to Mark ""why don't you just marry her"".Bridget arrives at Heathrow Airport as an international human rights celebrity. She is greeted by her parents, who have been busy planning their vow renewal ceremony. Her mother apologises for not making a bigger effort to participate in Bridget's jail release campaign, saying she's been busy. At home, Bridget is surprised by her friends, who inform her that Mark personally tracked down Jed the drug trafficker, arranged for his custody and extradition, and force Jed to admit Bridget's innocence. Hopeful that Mark still loves her, Bridget immediately runs to his house. She finds Rebecca there and assumes that there is a romantic relationship between Mark and her. Rebecca reveals that she is not seeking an affair with Mark; she is actually infatuated with Bridget and kisses her. Bridget is flattered but politely turns her down.Bridget confronts Mark at his legal chambers and asks him to take her back. Mark proposes to Bridget and she accepts. The film ends with Bridget's parents renewing their vows and Bridget catching the bouquet outside while snow is falling."
The Lavender Hill Mob	1	"Henry Holland (Alec Guinness) is dining with a fellow Briton in a posh restaurant in Rio de Janeiro where he is well known. He relates a story explaining his presence in Rio. It seems he was a seemingly unambitious London bank clerk in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He had a reputation for fussing over details and suspecting all cars he observed following the bullion van, but all in all appeared to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold's security. In fact, he had hatched the ""perfect"" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing stopping him had been that selling the gold on the black market in Britain was too risky, and he was at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad.One evening a new lodger – artist Alfred Pendlebury (Stanley Holloway) – arrives at Holland's boarding house in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: ""By Jove, Holland, it's a good job we're both honest men."" ""It is indeed, Pendlebury.""When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood (Sidney James) and Shorty Fisher (Alfie Bass), to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury's works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the ""master criminal"" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury's foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers.The plan goes wrong when the woman running the souvenir kiosk in Paris misunderstands her instructions due to a language mixup; instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, she opens it and puts them out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of ""Al"" and ""Dutch"", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time.If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury's foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in Britain. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car.A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in stopping their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth ""£25,000, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed."" But now, he finishes telling his visitor, the money is mostly gone. As they leave the restaurant, Holland is seen to be handcuffed to his countryman."
Be Kind Rewind	1	"In Passaic, New Jersey, the declining ""Be Kind Rewind"" VHS rental store owned by Mr. Elroy Fletcher (Danny Glover) is due to be demolished to make way for high-end development (due in large part to the refusal of Mr. Fletcher to rent out DVDs) unless he can find the money to renovate his building, despite his claims that jazz pianist Fats Waller was born in that building. Mr. Fletcher leaves on a trip for several days to join friends and memorialize Waller, as well as visiting a DVD rental store to learn efficient and modernized ways of running a video rental store, leaving his only employee, Mike (Mos Def), to tend to the store. Before leaving Mr. Fletcher cautions Mike to keep his paranoid and klutzy friend, Jerry (Jack Black), away from the store. After attempting to sabotage a nearby electrical substation, believing its energy to be melting his brain, Jerry becomes magnetized, and when he enters the store the next day, he inadvertently erases all the VHS tapes in the store (as well as making the camera go out of focus, whenever he walks past it). Mike quickly discovers the disaster, and is further pressed when Miss Falewicz (Mia Farrow), Mr. Fletcher's friend, wants to rent Ghostbusters. To prevent her from reporting a problem to Mr. Fletcher, Mike comes up with an idea: as Miss Falewicz has never seen the movie, he proposes to recreate the film using himself and Jerry as the actors and cheap special effects hoping to fool her. They complete the movie just in time when another customer asks for Rush Hour 2. Mike and Jerry repeat their filming, enlisting the help of Alma (Melonie Diaz), a local woman, for some of the parts.Word of mouth spreads through Miss Falewicz's nephew (Chandler Parker) of the inadvertently hilarious results of Mike and Jerry's filming, and soon the store is seeing more requests for such movies. Mike, Jerry, and Alma quickly pass off the movies as being ""sweded"", insisting the films came from Sweden and thus able to demand long wait times and higher costs for the rental. Soon, to meet demand, Mike and Jerry enlist the locals to help out in making the movies, using them as starring roles in their films. When Mr. Fletcher returns, intent on converting the store to a DVD rental outlet, he quickly recognizes that they are making more money from the sweded films than from normal rentals, and joins in with the process. However, the success is put to a halt when two court bailiffs (Sigourney Weaver and Paul Dinello) arrive, insisting the sweded films are copyright violations, and seize the tapes and the store's assets, crushing the tapes with a steamroller. Without any money to renovate the building, Mr. Fletcher gives up hope, and is forced to reveal to Mike that he made up the connection of Fats Waller to their building. Mr. Fletcher is given a week to evacuate the building before it will be razed.Jerry, with the help of the local townspeople, convinces Mr. Fletcher and Mike to give one last hurrah and put together a documentary dedicated to the fake life of Fats Waller, and the two quickly warm up to the idea. On the day the building is scheduled for demolition, Mr. Fletcher invites all the locals to watch the final film. In his eagerness to start the show due to the presence of the demolition crew waiting to start the job, Jerry accidentally breaks the only TV the store has, but a nearby DVD store owner loans them his video projector, allowing them to show the movie on a white cloth placed in the store's window. As their film ends, Mr. Fletcher, Mike and Jerry exit the store to find a crowd has gathered in the street to watch the film through the window, including the city official and wrecking crew, and they are given a rousing applause by the gathered crowd."
Fantasia	1	In 1969 of Hong Kong, private detective agency director Man (Sean Lau) and his two employees, Sam (Louis Koo) and Fugu (Jordan Chan), are investigating an adultery case, where they track their target and crashing into an antique shop, where they end up causing a lot of damage there. Man, who is greedy and miserly, forces Sam and Fugu to be held responsible for the damages, while Sam pushes all responsibility solely on Fugu. In the pile of debris, Fugu finds a lamp which was unable to turn on. At the same time, Fugu also receives a call from his aunt informing him that her cousin, Jane Lam (Christy Chung), who is a student of Stanford University studying Aerospace Technology, have gone mad due to over-studying, and is now missing. Fugu is worried to ask Man for a leave of absence. Man and Sam both took a look at the lamp, which was still unable to turn on, where Man throws the lamp out the window. At this point a sorceress named Harmy Bobo (portrayed by Cecilia Cheung, the character's name is a parody of Harry Potter) magically emerges from the lamp. Bobo arrives at Man's agency and asks the trio to each make a wish, so she can return to her world. Man and Sam both thinks Bobo is Fugu's cousin. However, as Bobo fails in her spells, the trio do not believe her to be sorceress, but she continues to help them in secret. One time in a mahjong game, Bobo's failed spells causes Man to be exposed from his cheating, and thus, he forges a rivalry with gang boss Kin (Francis Ng). Bobo's cousins, the Chopstick Sisters (Charlene Choi, Gillian Chung), also happen to be at the hands of Kin, who took them as his goddaughters.
Poodle Springs	1	Marlowe has married Linda Loring, the rich daughter of local tycoon Harlan Potter. Linda and Marlowe first met in The Long Goodbye and their romance is resumed at the end of Playback. Marlowe resists financial dependence on his willing wife and, after the couple relocate to a grand mansion in Poodle Springs (a mocking reference to Palm Springs), opens a detective agency in the resort. Tension between them rises when, as a result, Marlowe absents himself from the cocktail parties and other social events organised by Linda’s set.Marlowe’s first case comes when he is forced by hoodlums to visit a local criminal named Lipschultz, who operates an illegal gambling house in Riverside, just outside the jurisdiction of Poodle Spings. He has taken an IOU for $100,000 from one of his customers, a Poodle Springs photographer called Les Valentine. Lipshultz's boss, an unrevealed local tycoon, has found out that the sum is missing from the books and has issued a 30-day ultimatum to retrieve the money. Asked to find Valentine, Marlowe accepts on condition that he does not have to shake Valentine down.When Marlowe questions Valentine's wife, Muffy Blackstone, a spoiled socialite and acquaintance of his own wife, she tells him that Valentine is out on a photo shoot. Instead he eventually discovers that Valentine is an alias for a sleazy individual living in Los Angeles with a second wife. When Marlowe calls on Lipshultz again, he finds him killed in his casino office and assists Valentine to escape after he is suspected, not just for this crime but for an earlier slaying in his own office. The melodramatic pay-off exposes the corruption of the Southern Californian rich and confirms Marlowe in his decision to return to Los Angeles. His marriage is wrecked, but he and Linda remain as lovers.
Solo	2	Genre: Romantic DramaWorld of Shekhar is based on the Element of Water. It is a love story of a stammering, daring but loving young man named Shekhar (Dulquer Salmaan) and Radhika (Sai Dhanshika) who is a talented blind dancer, with an open mind. Their story starts in college, 4 years ago. There is a lot of fuss over whom Radhika loves, whether it is Shekhar's friend Sanju or a guy named Nelson. Finally, Radhika confesses her love for Shekhar in front of everyone and there is a small confrontation between Shekhar and Radhika, which begins the poetic love story. When families get to know about their relationship they don't approve of it. But as Radhika reveales to be pregnant, they agree for the wedding. After celebrating their happiest days of their lives during the wedding, Radhika passes away while delivering their baby. Shekhar, not being able to accept the truth goes out on his bike, only to meet with an accident. However, the story ends with Shekhar playing with their daughter on a beach. Thereby, fulfilling a promise made to Radhika to take their daughter to a beach and spend time with her; just as Radhika's father did for her just before she lost her eye sight.Genre: Revenge ThrillerThe story begins with Ayesha (Arthi Venkatesh) whose cycle collides with a BMW driven by Thomas Zachariah (Renji Panicker), a rich businessman. Zachariah's son in law Justin (Anson Paul) decides to save her, but Zachariah declines by saying they will be arrested for drunk driving. Justin puts her in the car anyway and rushes to the hospital, but Ayesha dies on the way. Instead of taking the body to the hospital, Zachariah disposes it on the road.Four years later, Justin and his wife Annie (Ann Augustine) are saddened by the demise of Zachariah. After returning from a business deal, Justin discovers that his car brakes are not working. The car crashes leaving Justin wounded, but he is saved by Dr. Trilok Menon (Dulquer Salmaan), a veterinary surgeon. As Trilok rushes to the hospital with Justin, Justin notices a photo of Ayesha in Trilok's car and realizes she was his wife.After recovering, Justin tells everything to Annie and decides to tell the truth to Trilok. Justin narrates the whole incident and Trilok asks him whether he can feel his hand. Trilok reveals that it was really him who killed Zachariah, that the accident was orchestrated by him too, and he also injected a drug in Justin's drip a few minutes back which would make him brain dead. He says he was tracking them all these years and had heard everything that Zachariah and Justin said during the incident through Ayesha's bluetooth earbuds, telling him that she was pregnant and still alive even after they disposed of her. Trilok then exits the room leaving Justin to die.Genre: Crime DramaSiva's mother leaves him, his father, and his brother Siddhu. Years later, Siva is now a gangster working under his mentor Bhadran, a crime boss. Siva protects his brother and is harsh on his wife Rukku(Sruthi Hariharan). Siddhu is invited to join the gang by Bhadran when he is released from prison for almost killing someone in the middle of the college.Siva's life changes when his father is found shot in a bar. Over the CCTV records, his father was killed by Vishnu, a crime boss in Mumbai and Siva decides to take revenge. Siva along with two of his gang members Nandha and Prabha goes to Mumbai. On the bus to Mumbai, Siddhu is found by Nandha and Siva attempts to throw him out but Nandha allows him to stay. On reaching Mumbai, Siva joins hands with a gangster to terminate Vishnu.The next night Siva and gang reach Vishnu and start a shootout in a ritual place,which gets Prabha and many others are killed. Siva eliminates almost every member of Vishnu's gang and Siddhu escapes, and rushing to Siva only to see him get killed by Vishnu. Siddhu and Nandha manage to escape and reach their hideout hotel. The next morning,a revenge and fury filled Siddhu takes Nandha's gun and goes to Vishnu's house, only to be shocked by seeing his mother there who is now Vishnu's wife. It is revealed that this was why Vishnu killed Siva and Siddhu's father, this kills Siva. As Vishnu enters the room, Siddhu shoots on the chest and kills him and his mother begs him to escape. The story ends with a grieving Siddhu running through the streets of Mumbai.Genre: Romantic ThrillerRudra Ramachandran is an army trainee, madly in love with his girlfriend Akshara(Neha Sharma). He constantly ruins Akshara's marriage proposals by creating a scene in their house.Rudra is the son of Brig. Ramachandran and Vidya who always scold him for his aggressive behavior, but his father always considered him a friend. Akshara's father Brig. Sundararajan decides to file a case against him in order to expel him from the army as revenge for his aggressive actions, but Rudra's father and mother request him not to. Later, Akshara tells Rudra that she got admission for a degree in Australia and has to leave soon. She promises that she will always be his.Four years later, Rudra is an army officer narrating the story to his senior officer Col. Raunaq Sachdeva and team. He tells them that Akshara has not contacted him and he went to Australia, but she refused to see him and now he received her marriage invitation. Raunaq says that his team must never accept defeat and that Rudra must go to the marriage. Rudra along with Raunaq, Daisy, and others go to Akshara's house the day before her marriage. Rudra sees, her but she refuses to talk to him. The night before the marriage, Rudra barges in and demands Alok, Akshara's fiance to fight with him. Alok, a boxing champion, beats up Rudra, but Raunaq motivates him to fight back. Rudra brutally beats up Alok but is hindered by Akshara who tells him that it was really his father, whom he considered as his best friend, who asked her not to be with him. A shocked Rudra leaves the function. Later, his mother tells him that his father had an affair with another lady when he was 2 years old and that his parents were on the verge of divorce. Although he stopped for the sake of his marriage, the lady was declared pregnant. It is revealed to be Akshara's mother which makes a possibility that Akshara is Brig, Ramachandran's daughter, and Rudra's half-sister. The film ends with Rudra asking for forgiveness from Alok on the day of his marriage with Akshara.
The Secret of NIMH	0	"Mrs. Brisby, a timid widowed field mouse, lives in a cinder block with her children in a field on the Fitzgibbons' farm. She prepares to move her family out of the field as plowing time approaches, but her son Timothy has fallen ill. She visits Mr. Ages, another mouse and friend of her late husband, Jonathan, who diagnoses Timothy with pneumonia and provides her with medicine. Mr. Ages warns her that Timothy must stay inside for at least three weeks or he will die. On her way home, she encounters Jeremy, a clumsy but friendly crow. They both narrowly escape from the Fitzgibbons' cat, Dragon.The next day, Mrs. Brisby discovers that Farmer Fitzgibbons has started plowing early. Although her neighbor Auntie Shrew helps her disable his tractor, Mrs. Brisby knows she must devise another plan. Jeremy takes her to visit the Great Owl, who tells her to visit a group of rats that live beneath a rose bush on the farm and ask for Nicodemus, their wise and mystical leader.Mrs. Brisby enters the rose bush and encounters a aggressive guard rat named Brutus, who chases her away. She is led back in by Mr. Ages, and is amazed to see the rats' use of electricity and other technology. She meets Justin, the friendly Captain of the Guard, and Jenner, a ruthless, power-hungry rat opposed to Nicodemus, and finally Nicodemus himself. From Nicodemus, she learns that many years ago her husband, along with the rats and Mr. Ages, were part of a series of experiments at a place known as NIMH, the National Institute of Mental Health. The experiments boosted their intelligence, enabling them to escape, as well as extending their lifespans and slowing their aging process. However, they are unable to live only as rats, needing human technology to survive, which they have only accomplished by stealing. The rats have concocted ""The Plan"", which is to leave the farm and live independently. Nicodemus gives Mrs. Brisby an amulet called ""The Stone"", which gives magical power when its wearer is courageous.Because of her husband's relationship with the rats, they agree to help Mrs. Brisby move her home. First, they need to drug Dragon to sleep so that they can complete the move safely. Only Mrs. Brisby can do this, as only mice are small enough to fit through the hole leading into the house; Jonathan was killed by Dragon in a previous attempt, while Mr. Ages broke his leg in another. That night, she puts the drug into the cat's food dish, but the Fitzgibbons' son Billy catches her. While trapped in a birdcage, she overhears a telephone conversation between Farmer Fitzgibbons and NIMH and learns that the Institute intends to exterminate the rats the next day. She escapes from the cage and runs off to warn the rats.The rats are moving the Brisby home, with the children inside, using a rope and pulley system during a thunderstorm. Jenner, who wishes for the rats to remain in the rose bush, sabotages the ropes with his reluctant accomplice Sullivan, causing the assembly to fly apart and kill Nicodemus. Mrs. Brisby arrives and tries to convince the rats that NIMH is coming and they must leave, but Jenner attacks her and attempts to steal the amulet. Sullivan alerts Justin, who rushes to Mrs. Brisby's aid. Jenner mortally wounds Sullivan and engages Justin in a sword fight, which ends with Sullivan killing Jenner before dying himself.The Brisby house begins to sink into the mud, but Justin and the rats are unable to raise it. Mrs. Brisby's will to save her children gives power to the amulet, which she uses to lift the house and move it to safety. The next morning, the rats have departed for Thorn Valley with Justin as their new leader, and Timothy begins to recover. Jeremy eventually meets ""Miss Right"", another crow who is just as clumsy as he is, and the two fly away together."
Black Swan	1	Nina Sayers is a 28-year-old dancer in a New York City ballet company, which is preparing to open its new season with Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake. With prima ballerina Beth MacIntyre being forced into retirement, artistic director Thomas Leroy announces he is looking for a new dancer to portray the dual role of the innocent White Swan and the sensual Black Swan. Nina auditions for the role and gives a flawless performance as the White Swan, but fails to embody the Black Swan.The following day, Nina asks Thomas to reconsider choosing her to play the role. When he forcibly kisses her, she bites him before running out of his office. Later that day, Nina sees the cast list and discovers, much to her surprise and that of her overprotective mother Erica, she will be portraying the lead. At a gala celebrating the new season, an intoxicated Beth confronts Nina, accusing her of sleeping with Thomas to get the role. The following day, Nina discovers that Beth was hit by a car while walking in the street and Thomas believes she did it on purpose.During rehearsals, Thomas tells Nina to observe new dancer Lily, whom he describes as possessing an uninhibited quality that Nina lacks. Nina also falls victim to several hallucinations of a doppelgänger following her wherever she goes and finds unexplained scratch marks on her back. One night, Nina accepts Lily's invitation to dinner despite Erica's objections.Over dinner, Lily offers Nina an ecstasy capsule to help her relax. Nina turns it down, but later accepts a drink laced with ecstasy powder. The two dance at a nightclub and return to Nina's apartment late. After fighting with her mother, Nina barricades herself in her room and has sex with Lily. The following morning, Nina wakes up alone and realizes she is late for the dress rehearsal. Upon arriving at Lincoln Center, she finds Lily dancing as the Black Swan and realizes that their encounter never took place.After learning that Thomas has made Lily her alternate, Nina's hallucinations grow increasingly stronger to the point where Erica tries to prevent her from performing on opening night. Nina forces her way out of the apartment and arrives at Lincoln Center only to discover that Lily is set to take over. She confronts Thomas, who becomes so impressed by her confidence that he allows her to perform.During the end of the second act, Nina becomes distracted by a hallucination, causing her partner to drop her. She returns to her dressing room and finds Lily preparing to play the Black Swan. When Lily transforms into Nina's doppelgänger, the two engage in a fight that ends with Nina stabbing the doppelgänger with a shard of glass. She hides the corpse and returns to the stage, where she loses herself and gives a flawless performance as the Black Swan.Nina receives a standing ovation from the audience and, after surprising Thomas with a passionate kiss, returns to her dressing room. While changing, Nina hears a knock at the door and opens it to find Lily alive and congratulating her. Realizing the fight never occurred, and yet the mirror is still broken, and that she stabbed herself, Nina quietly continues changing.After dancing the final act, in which the White Swan commits suicide by throwing herself off a cliff, Nina falls onto a hidden mattress. As the theater erupts in thunderous applause, Thomas, Lily and the cast gather to congratulate Nina, only to discover that she is bleeding profusely. Nina loses consciousness, but not before telling Thomas that her performance was perfect.
The Woman Between	0	A young man returns from Europe after several years' estrangement from his family caused by his disapproval of his father's remarrying after his mother's death. At the family reunion he learns that his stepmother is the woman with whom he had a shipboard romance on the voyage home.
Destination Meatball	0	"A line of people (including Woody) drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly (and literally) ""jacks"" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him. When Woody awakes, he realizes what is happening, and he douses himself with the rest of the ink in order to pose as a ghost."
Kinsey	2	"Professor Alfred Kinsey is being interviewed about his sexual history. Interspersed with the interview, are flashbacks from his childhood and young-adulthood. The young child years show his father, a lay minister, denouncing modern inventions as leading to sexual sin, then in early adolescence, humiliating him in a store by denouncing its keeper for showing him cigarettes, while his adolescence shows his experiences as a Boy Scout and a late teenage scene shows Kinsey disappointing his father by his chosen vocational intentions. It then shows adult Kinsey teaching at Indiana University as a professor of biology lecturing on gall wasps.Kinsey falls in love with a student in his class, whom he calls Mac, and marries her. Consummation of their marriage is difficult at first, because of a medical problem Mac has that is fixed easily with minor surgery, after which it is shown that she has an equally intense sexual appetite as her husband. Meanwhile, at the University, Professor Kinsey, who is affectionately called ""Prok"" by his graduate students, meets with students after hours to offer individual sexual advice.Later, in a fictional scene where his mother has just died and Alfred is back at his parents' home with grieving friends and relatives - including his sister, who is obese and thus considered too unattractive to get a husband, and his brother, who is possibly an early boomerang generation man who moved back home after losing his business - Kinsey shocks his father by telling him his ""big secret"": that he's doing a sex survey and wants his father to contribute his own sexual history to it.At a book party celebrating Kinsey's latest publication on gall wasps, Kinsey approaches the dean of students about an open-forum sex education course as opposed to the anti-sex propaganda taught in a general health education class. Eventually, it is approved, but on the grounds that it is open only to teachers, graduate or senior students, and married students. Nevertheless, Kinsey begins, teaching the sex course to a packed auditorium.Kinsey continues to answer students' questions in personal meetings but finds his answers to be severely limited by the complete paucity of scientific data about human sexual behavior. This leads Kinsey to pass out questionnaires in his sexual education class from which he learns of the enormous disparity between what society had assumed people do and what their actual practices are. After securing financial support from the Rockefeller Foundation, Kinsey and his research assistants, including his closest assistant, Clyde Martin, travel the country, interviewing subjects about their sexual histories.As time progresses Kinsey begins realizing that sexuality within humans, including himself, is a lot more varied than was originally thought. The range of expression he creates later becomes known as the Kinsey scale, which ranks overall sexuality from completely heterosexual to completely homosexual and everything in-between.The first sexological book Kinsey publishes, which is on the sexual habits of the male, is a large-scale success and a best seller. Kinsey's research turns to women, which is met with more controversy. With the release of the female volume, support for Kinsey declines. McCarthyist pressures lead the Rockefeller Foundation to withdraw its financial support, lest it be labeled ""Communist"" for backing the subversion of traditional American values.Kinsey feels that he has failed everyone who has ever been a victim of sexual ignorance. A customs officer is tipped off to an importation of some of Kinsey's research material, which only exacerbates the financial situation of Kinsey's research organization. Kinsey suffers a heart attack, and is found to have developed an addiction to barbiturates. Meeting with other philanthropists fails to garner the support needed. Still, Kinsey continues his taking of sex histories.The story returns to the initial interview with Kinsey, and he is asked about love and if he will ever attempt to conduct research on it. His response is that love is impossible to measure and impossible to quantify (and without measuring, he reminds us, there can be no science), but that it is important. The final scene is of Kinsey and his wife, pulling over to the side of the road for a nature walk. She remarks about a tree that has been there for a thousand years. Kinsey replies that the tree seems to display a strong love in the way its roots grip the earth. Afterwards, the two walk off together, Kinsey remarking ""there's a lot of work to do""."
Devil's Doorway	2	The Civil War may be over back East, but prejudice still rules the West. A full-blooded Shoshone Indian named Lance Poole distinguished himself in the war, winning the Medal of Honor, only to return home to Medicine Bow, Wyoming, to something a far cry from a hero's welcome.Townspeople resent the fact that Lance and his father own a large and valuable piece of land. A doctor refuses to treat Lance's father, who dies, while Lance himself is unable to even buy a drink in the local saloon. A loophole in a law involving homesteaders is used by biased attorney Verne Coolan to strip Lance of his property. Lance turns to a female lawyer, Orrie Masters, who fails to acquire the necessary petition signatures they need to overturn the law.Coolan organizes sheepherders and attempts to drive out Lance by force. Shoshone tribesmen fight by Lance's side, using his cabin for a fort. Orrie calls in the U.S. Cavalry to create a truce, only to have them side with Coolan and the town. It's a lost cause. Lance is at least able to kill Coolan, but not before being already seriously wounded himself at the Shoshone barricade.Lance Poole then turns the responsibility for the surviving women and children over to the only surviving male child, who leads them away from the barricade and presumably in the direction of the reservation. Afterward, Lance puts on his civil war sergeants major uniform, and walks out to the cavalry commander and his former lawyer. The commander salutes Poole first, as that is the custom when greeting a medal of honor recipient. Lance then dies from exsanguination.
Wild Oranges	1	"John Woolfolk and his wife are riding down a country lane in a horse-drawn wagon. They have an accident, and while John survives unharmed, his wife is killed. Disillusioned, he adopts a reclusive life on the sea, sailing along the Atlantic coast in his schooner Yankee, accompanied only by his ship's mate, Paul Halvard.One afternoon, the men steer the Yankee across a bar into an inlet along the Georgia coast. The inlet is inhabited by Litchfield Stope (the master of the once-grand house that sits on the inlet, who developed a lifelong distrust of strangers during the American Civil War) his granddaughter Millie, and Nicholas, a ""homicidal maniac"" (according to a murder charge) who had bullied his way into Stope's household. Nicholas wants to marry Millie and threatens to place her in an swamp full of alligators if she refuses to kiss him.After anchoring the Yankee, John takes a rowboat ashore. He briefly meets Millie and she gives him a few wild oranges before he goes back to his boat.Nicholas proves hostile to John and Paul when they go on the island to get some fresh water, as he doesn't want them to fall in love with Millie.The next day, when John and Paul are on the Yankee's deck, Millie comes to the shore and asks to be invited to come aboard. Once aboard, they begin a brief voyage. During the trip, Millie says she envies John's freedom, but he corrects her, invoking his dead wife. When they go back to the island, they are greeted by Nicholas who is carrying a concealed knife. Nicholas and John have short fight, ending with an unharmed John and an angry Nicholas.That night Nicholas confronts Millie and asks her to marry him. When Millie says she is not interested, he threatens her.Meanwhile, John, still fearful of becoming attached to someone, instructs Paul to get the ship under way immediately. Two days later, he has a change of heart and steers the Yankee back into the inlet. He meets Millie again and they say that they love with each other. After explaining that she is afraid of Nicholas, John convinces her to go to the wharf with her grandfather at eight o'clock that night.That evening, Nicholas sees Millie and Litchfield attempting to escape. He kills Litchfield and ties up Millie in a bed upstairs with a gag over her mouth.At nine o'clock, worried by the fact that nobody came to the wharf, John goes to the house to investigate. As he accidentally makes some noise, Nicholas finds him and they fight each other. Meanwhile, Millie had managed to free herself after a long struggle. She and John (who survived the fight unharmed) head to the wharf and make it safely aboard. Paul warns that it is low tide and that the boat would just barely clear the bar, but John convinces him to raise the sails anyway.Nicholas, using a gun John dropped during the fight, begins shooting at the boat, wounding Paul. A vicious dog that Litchfield had kept chained up breaks free and kills Nicholas.Millie manages to safely steer the boat past the bar. In the final scene, the next day, John and Millie kiss each other as a healing Paul watches."
Orada	0	When the matriarch of an Istanbul family dies in a home for the elderly, the son and the daughter bury their mother and set off to find their father, a recluse in the family house on one of the Princes' Islands. As the three members of the family come together, it turns into a day of painful confrontations.
Beverly Hills Brats	0	"Scooter (Billingsley) is a teen from a wealthy Beverly Hills family. After his plastic surgeon father (Sheen) remarries, Scooter is virtually ignored by his father and stepmother (Moore), and treated badly by his two other spoiled siblings, Sterling (Ramon Estevez) and Tiffany (Cathy Podewell). Scooter devises a plan to fake his own kidnapping to get his parents' attention and enlists the help of two bumbling crooks, Clive (Young) and Elmo (Kirby). After Scooter is ""kidnapped"" and a ransom is demanded, he quickly realizes that his plan failed to work and his parents don't miss him."
Weapons of Mass Distraction	1	Lionel Powers and Julian Messenger are filthy rich men with dirty family secrets. They play dirty as well, fighting for control over a professional football team in Los Angeles with every weapon at their disposal.While the billionaires scheme and squabble, the married couple Rita and Jerry Pascoe can barely make ends meet. Their marriage becomes strained with Jerry's continuing inability to hold or find a job. While rich people blackmail one another, homeless people look for handouts and Jerry Pascoe is reduced to cleaning stadium restrooms and applying for a job as a peanut vendor.The tabloid-worthy secrets in the lives of Powers' wife Ariel and right-hand man Alan Blanchard lead to dire consequences for all. The marriage of the Pascoes, meanwhile, turns tragi-comically from a terrible climax to fodder for reality TV.
5 Card Stud	1	In 1880, a gambler in the small town of Rincon, 100 miles from Denver, Colorado is caught cheating at a five-card stud poker game. The players, led by the volatile Nick Evers, take the cheating gambler to hang him. One of the players, Van Morgan, tries to prevent the others from administering frontier justice, but is unable to stop the man's lynching. Morgan leaves town, but later returns when he hears that a couple of the other players from that ill-fated game have become victims of grisly murders.The town has a new resident, a stern and somewhat edgy Colt .45-carrying Baptist preacher named Reverend Rudd. As more members of the lynch mob are killed off one by one, it becomes clear that someone is taking revenge, and it is up to Morgan to solve the mystery. Finally, only he is left. He discovers the identity of the killer just in time.
Shalako	1	In 1880 in New Mexico, frontier adventurer Bosky Fulton (Stephen Boyd) and his men lead a hunting party of European aristocrats and their servants, along with a retired American politician and his wife, into Apache territory. When a French countess, Irina Lazaar (Brigitte Bardot), wanders off, she is attacked by Apache warriors on horseback. She is rescued by Shalako (Sean Connery), a former U.S. Cavalry officer with a personal interest in keeping non-Indians off Indian land. While on the way to returning her to the hunting party, they are surrounded by Apaches. They both promise the Apache chief they will get the outsiders off the land. The chief agrees, but his son, Chato (Woody Strode), tells Shalako he intends to kill him in battle.Shalako urges the leader of the hunting party, Frederick von Hallstatt (Peter van Eyck), to leave, but he refuses and the two men soon despise each other. Shalako rides off to get the army to escort the party off Apache land, but the Apaches attack and would overrun the party but for a smoke signal ruse of Shalako from some distance away.The devious Fulton takes advantage of the lull in the fighting; he and his men take the hunting party’s main stage coach, plus all the weapons and supplies, leaving the hunting party at the mercy of the Apaches. Lady Julia Dagger (Honor Blackman), seeing the hopeless situation of the party, decides to leave her husband, the pathetic Sir Charles Dagger (Jack Hawkins), and go along as Fulton’s lover. She and Fulton had previously teased each other in a sexually fraught manner.Shalako returns to the stranded hunting party, which is re-equipped with weapons and supplies he had previously advised them to hide in reserve. He hopes to lead them on foot to a plateau where they will be temporarily safe. Shalako and von Hallstadt continue to feud, but over time their feelings evolve to mutual respect.The Apaches attack the stage coach, killing all Fulton’s men as well as Lady Julia. Fulton, having watched her killing, joins up with the hunting party. After they rebuff an initial Apache attack, the humiliated Sir Charles challenges Fulton, and they fatally shoot each other.Chato and some other Apache warriors come up behind the Europeans, catching them by surprise. Chato challenges Shalako to a one-on-one fight with spears. Chato loses and is about to be killed when his father, the Apache chief, intervenes. He gives safe passage to Shalako and the others in return for his son's life. Chato storms off, feeling disgraced. With the surviving members of the party safe, Shalako rides off into the western landscape, accompanied by Countess Irina.
Ilamai Oonjal	0	Some college students from Chennai go on vacation trip to a hill station. On their trip, girls get killed one by one in a thrilling manner. The rest of the story is why they got killed and who is the killer.[1]
Paartha Gnabagam Illayo	0	Twin sisters Kasthuri(Ramya Krishnan) and Lalitha(Ramya Krishnan) are separated at a very young age where Kasthuri was raised by Radharavi who had greed for money and a lavish lifestyle. He planned to marry Kasthuri to a rich old man even after knowing that she was in love with Anand Babu. Meanwhile, Lalitha is married to her dream man and lives happily with him. Anand babu coincidentally meets Lalitha and mistakes her for Kasthuri. Resolving Confusions and reuniting the two sisters form the crux of the story.
Annie	0	"In Harlem, Manhattan Island, N.Y.C, Annie Bennett lives in foster care with several other girls under the care of Colleen Hannigan, a bitter former singer who spends her days drinking or trying to find a husband. Annie spends Fridays waiting outside Domani's restaurant, believing her parents will come for her because a note written on a receipt from Domani's says they would return. When a city inspector checks on Hannigan's treatment of the girls, Annie takes advantage of the situation; she manages to copy her social security number from his clipboard and heads off to get her information. Annie learns that there's nothing more about her than what she already knows.Trying to save a Shiba Inu from bullies, Annie is nearly run over; however, she is saved by William Stacks, a germaphobe cell phone mogul running for mayor. Annie's rescue goes viral on the internet, boosting Stacks popularity; per suggestion of Stacks' campaign manager Guy Danlily, Annie moves in with Stacks to boost his popularity further. Annie enjoys her new surroundings, befriending Stacks' assistant Grace Farrell. Annie also gets to adopt the stray dog from before, naming her Sandy. Bonding with Annie, Stacks reveals that he had humble beginnings in Queens; he never really knew his father due to his work hours, but believed he could understand him if he worked just as hard. Annie also helps Grace and Stacks begin realizing that they like each other romantically.Per Annie's request, Stacks takes her and her friends in Hannigan's foster care to see the premiere of MoonQuake Lake. Stacks is uninterested in the movie at first, but soon becomes a major fan, along with Grace. Per Annie and Grace's insistence, Stacks joins in the after-movie party. After returning her friends home, Annie shows Grace her Friday routine of waiting to see if her parents will return; Grace sympathizes, agreeing to keep this a secret from Stacks. At Hannigan's, the girls accidentally wake her; Hannigan snaps at them, saying rich people aren't nice, and will ditch anyone they don't like any more (recalling her own past). Slightly hungover, she laments about her situation of foster kids and her desire to reclaim stardom.When Annie is asked to read a speech during a charity event, she runs out, revealing that she doesn't know how to read (despite being 10 years old and attending school). Stacks decides to get her a special-ed teacher, but Guy decides that Annie will only hinder Stacks' campaign as his popularity isn't improving any more. Teaming up with Hannigan, Guy plans to have imposters claim Annie as their daughter to boost Stacks' popularity to the point where he wins; Guy will then share his payment with Hannigan. However, Guy plans to dump Annie back into the system after the election, not caring about her well-being. By the time Hannigan has second thoughts, Annie has already been kidnapped by the imposters; Hannigan tells Stacks about the plan, getting Guy fired. Stacks, Grace, Hannigan and the girls board Stacks' helicopter; aided by the police, they chase the getaway car into the park. Annie, thinking Stacks arranged this (due to the kidnappers believing Stacks, not Guy, paid them), is upset and refuses to believe him when he tells her he didn't know about the scheme. Stacks, to prove his innocence, announces to the press that he quits the mayoral race; Annie then helps Grace and Stacks admit their love. All three dance and sing happily.Later, Annie announces the opening of the ""Stacks Literacy Centre"", to help children like herself, who couldn't read. Everyone sings Annie's Tomorrow; unhumorously, Hannigan attempts to continue singing after the song is done, only to receive stares that cue her to stop."
Donald Crombie	1	Cathy Baikas (Fawdon) is a woman of Greek heritage who lives in Sydney, Australia with her three-year-old daughter. When her daughter's father kidnaps the child and takes her back to Greece, Cathy discovers the authorities can do little to help her. She turns to the media. The editor of a major daily newspaper (Cassell) proves sympathetic to Cathy's problem and begins giving her case press coverage, because the same situation had happened to him. The film is based on a true story.
The Secret of Madame Blanche	1	Sally Sanders (Irene Dunne) is an American showgirl visiting London in 1898 when she marries Leonard St. John (Phillips Holmes), much to the displeasure of his wealthy and snobbish father, Aubrey St. Johns (Lionel Atwill), who cuts off his son. The couple moves to France. When Leonard is unable to provide a living for his new bride and himself, he eventually goes home to his father asking for help. St. Johns suggests that his son divorce his wife and keep her as a mistress, while marrying within his own class. He agrees to take his son back but only if he writes to Sally ending the marriage. Leonard, seeing no alternative, agrees. However, instead Leonard provides him with a suicide note and shoots himself.When St. Johns discovers that Sally was carrying his grandson, he has her followed by a private detective in hopes of seizing custody of his only heir. When Sally, saving to return to America, is reduced to singing in a French bordello, St. Johns swiftly obtains a court order and seizes the infant while Sally is at work. After being assured of her legal defeat, Sally goes to St. Johns pleading for the return of her son on any terms, and is rudely rebuffed, banned from all contact with the family, and threatened with prison if she persists. The child is to be raised with no contact with or knowledge of his mother.During World War I, Leonard Junior (Douglas Walton), now grown and in uniform as a British serviceman, visits the bordello with a date, hoping to obtain a room, which isn't available, and meets Sally, with neither aware of the other's identity. When he becomes drunk and disorderly he is knocked unconscious and Sally takes care of him, learning his identity from his date, whom she sends home with carfare. When Leonard awakens, the two become acquainted and then friendly, and Sally learns that her son was raised to despise women, including his mother, about whom he has heard only lies, including that she is dead. At this moment the enraged father of Leonard's abandoned date arrives and forces his way into the closed establishment, intending to kill Leonard. In the ensuing struggle Leonard kills the man with Sally's gun. She sends him away and confesses to the killing, without revealing her motive for helping him.St. John encourages his grandson to go along with the lie, expecting blackmail, but at Sally's trial, as she pleads self-defense, he secretly recognizes her. The prosecutor then surprises everyone by debunking Sally's confession and revealing Sally's identity and motive for protecting Leonard. Mother and son are joyfully reunited as Leonard confesses to being the real shooter and angrily renounces his grandfather.Leonard is sentenced to two years in jail for the shooting, and when Sally visits, the two plan their long-delayed trip to America as mother and son.
When Knights Were Bold	1	Sir Guy de Vere inherits his father's estate while serving with the British army in India. He returns home to take up his new role, but is greeted with hostility by his family and servants. After a drunken evening, a bump on the head with a suit of armour sends Sir Guy back to the 1400s and the golden age of chivalry.
Cross-Country Romance	1	"High-profile heiress Diane North (Wendy Barrie) stows away in the trailer of a bacteriologist Dr. Lawrence ""Larry"" Smith (Gene Raymond) to escape from her own wedding. Larry has to drive cross country to San Francisco to catch a ship to China, where he will work with an eminent expert on a cure for a serious disease. When he discovers his stowaway, Diane tells him she is poverty-stricken Maggie ""Jonesy"" Jones, making her way to a slightly less poor uncle. Larry tries to get rid of his passenger at every opportunity, but she falls in love and uses every wile to stay with him.Meanwhile, her wealthy, ditsy mother (Hedda Hopper) offers a reward for her safe return, fearing she has been kidnapped, but her fiance Walter Corbett remains remarkably blase about the whole thing.At a lunch counter, two grifters recognize Diane, and sneak aboard the trailer, but not before conning Orestes (Billy Gilbert), the diner's cook, into giving them two $10 bills for $5. Orestes finally figures out he has been conned and telephones for the police. All four are taken to the Omaha police station. Police Captain G. G. Burke finally sorts things out and lets Larry and Diane go.They get married. Then, at one stop, Diane secretly calls her mother and asks her to do something to stop Larry from going to China (which he insists on doing alone). Larry hears on the radio that the famous doctor has found a cure, so he no longer has a reason to go.He also discovers Diane's true identity, and promptly dumps her. On his way back through Omaha, he is arrested. Captain Burke is sure he kidnapped and possibly murdered Diane, and is frustrated when the alleged victim shows up looking for her husband.Diane confesses to Larry that the news story was faked by her mother. He leaves once more for San Francisco, by air as time is running short. On board the ship, Larry is delighted to be invited to dine with the captain, until he discovers that the guest of honor is one of the owners of the shipping line: Diane. He storms out, but she persuades him to take her back."
Ekti Tarar Khonje	0	It deals with a small-town boy, who comes to Calcutta to be a film actor, and gets involved in a modern-day thugee cult.[2]Cast
Hotel Chelsea	0	A newlywed Japanese couple travel to the Hotel Chelsea in New York City to enjoy their honeymoon. One night, the wife finds the lifeless body of her husband and a video containing footage of the brutal murder. A police detective arrives at the scene and tries to reconstruct the events surrounding the mysterious crime.[1]
Hot Potato	2	Hot Potato begins in Chang Lan, a fictional country somewhere in east Asia. The villain Carter Rangoon (Sam Hiona) orchestrated the kidnapping of a U.S. senator's daughter a Ms. June Dunbar (Judith Brown). Rangoon's demands were to see aid to Chang Lan or Ms. Dunbar would be executed. The U.S. was in a difficult situation. They were not welcome in that area of the world and had little influence in the region. They sent in whom the general (Ron Prince) described as their best man, Black Belt Jones (Jim Kelly).Jones assembled a small force of mercenaries to assist in the task at hand. Johnny Chicago (Geoffrey Benney), whose primary motivation in life was money, was the first the mercenaries introduced in the film. The duo of Jones and Chicago were joined by Pamala (Irene Tsu), a Chang Lan operative who was to act as the group's interpreter and guide. She quickly proved her usefulness as a skilled fighter as she took on several goons refusing assistance from Jones and Chicago. Finally the group joins up with Rhino (George Memmoli) at a brothel. Rhino is a grotesque Italian from Texas with a passion for women and food.Rangoon's scheme was more diabolical than kidnapping and extortion. He also arranged for a prostitute named Leslie (also played by Judith Brown) to pose as the senator's daughter for the rescue party to free her. Leslie was concerned for her safety if she were discovered. So, to insure her safety she stole some letters from Rangoon's office. If the material in the letters were to get out it could spell the end of Rangoon.Jones and his team invade Rangoon's jungle fortress, symbolic of Hannibal Barca on the backs of elephants.After the rescue Rangoon discovers his letters are missing and dispatches his minions to follow them through the jungle.As the group make their way through the jungle they engage several groups of henchmen, all of whom fail. The plot begins to thicken as well. Romantic involvement begins to form as Chicago falls in love with Leslie. The group is also joined by a native woman and her son whom Rhino won in a wrestling match.Jones becomes suspicious of the impostor and at the opportune moment went looking in the purse she seemed to cherish more than life itself. He found the letters. The group attacked and Leslie was taken. Jones proposed a trade: the letters for the girl. Things did not go as planned and Leslie was killed.Jones then plans a covert attack on Rangoon's primary estate ending in a one-on-one fight scene between Rangoon and Jones as the senator's daughter hung over a pit of tigers.
The Happy Years	0	"Expelled from other preparatory schools, most recently after causing a campus explosion, ""Dink"" Stover is given one last chance by his father to find maturity along with a proper education. On the way to a new academy, Dink promptly disrupts the trip of a fellow carriage passenger, Mr. Hopkins, by causing the horse to break into a gallop. He is unaware that Hopkins is his school's headmaster.Dink becomes acquainted with other students like Tough McCarty and Tennessee Shad and immediately begins getting into fights. The rivalry spills onto a football field and also includes cruel pranks played on a girl at school, Connie Brown. On the verge of being kicked out of yet another school, Dink comes to his senses just in time, making his father proud at last."
Aamar Aami	1	Subroto(Biswanath Basu) comes from a middle-class background, a poet by heart but he is stuck with a LIC agent job to meet the basic needs and requirements of his family consisting of wife Sumita(Arunima Ghosh) and son Tutul(Ayush Das).He is philosophical yet practical, as he is aware of the fact that in today's world one cannot sustain himself or his family by writing poetry.Sumita is a housewife who once aspired to be an actress, but now content looking after her husband Subroto and son Tutul.Anirban(Rahul Banerjee) is a successful commercial film maker who makes remakes of south-Indian films but desires to make a film out of his own story and script someday. When Sumita meets her old flame Anirban, their relationship gets rekindled again and Anirban helps Sumita to realise her suppressed dream of becoming an actress.Soumya(Indrasish Roy) is an aspiring young photographer, but his engineering background and lack of experience prevents him from securing the job of a still photographer in the industry.Soumya lives with his college mate Hindol(Hindol Bhattacharjee)has a steady girlfriend Chandrima(Jhilik Bhattacharjee).Soumya finally gets a job but he had to make certain compromises to get it.The story follows with a series of incidents that affects the lives of Subroto, Sumita, Anirban, Soumya and Chandrima with arising inner conflicts and dilemmas and finally discovering of true desires and inner selves.
Because They're Young	0	A crusading high school teacher tries to help his troubled students.
Extremities	1	Marjorie (Fawcett) is a young woman who works in a museum and lives with two female roommates, Pat (Woodard) and Terry (Scarwid) in Los Angeles. One night, while getting into her car, she is attacked at knifepoint by a masked assailant (Russo), who forces her to touch him sexually.Marjorie manages to escape, but not before the mugger makes off with her purse. She goes to the police but is told there is very little they can do. One week later, while Marjorie's roommates are at work, her nightmare comes true as the assailant (named Joe) casually enters her house, having used her personal information to find out where she lives.A terrifying sequence of events unfolds as Joe subjects Marjorie to a continuous barrage of mental and physical assaults. The tables finally turn, however, when Marjorie overpowers Joe by spraying his eyes and mouth with insect repellent as he's getting ready to rape her.Marjorie then ties Joe up and subjects him to the same kind of physical and mental assaults he used on her earlier, even reducing him to tears as he pleads for his life when he learns that he's ingested some of the insect repellent Marjorie sprayed at him. When Terry and Pat return home, they try to convince Marjorie, who is contemplating murdering Joe, to think about the consequences of her actions, because Joe didn't actually rape or attempt to kill her. Joe attempts to fabricate a story that he had a one-night stand with Marjorie at a party some time ago, which her roommates almost believe. Marjorie calls him a liar and attacks him, finding the sheath knife he used on her in the first attack, proving her story to Patty and Terry.Marjorie forces Joe to admit his guilt by torturing him with the blade, and at one point threatens to castrate him if he does not tell the truth. Defeated, a sobbing Joe confesses that he watched the house and stole letters to find out details of the women's lives, and that he intended to rape and kill Marjorie and her roommates that day. He also confesses to the rapes and presumed murders of three other women. Finally at peace, Marjorie allows Patty and Terry to get the police.
Cutthroat Island	1	In 1668 Jamaica, Morgan Adams hunts down her uncle and fellow pirate Dawg Brown, who has captured her father, Black Harry. Black Harry has one of three pieces of a map to a huge stash of gold on the remote Cutthroat Island. Dawg has another piece, having stolen it from the corpse of a third brother, Richard, while a fourth brother, Mordechai, has the last piece. Harry refuses to give Dawg his piece and escapes with Morgan's help, but not before being mortally wounded. A dying Harry reveals to his daughter the location of the map piece: on his scalp.After scalping her dead father for the piece, Morgan, now the captain of her father's ship, the Morning Star, sets out for the treasure. Unfortunately, the instructions appear to be in Latin, which no one on board reads. So, they go to nearby Port Royal to find a translator. There, they learn that one of the slaves up for auction, a con man and thief named William Shaw, is fluent in Latin. After threatening a man determined to outbid her, Morgan wins the auction. Unfortunately, she is recognized from her wanted poster and is chased out of town, along with her crew and Shaw. Humiliated, corrupt Governor Ainslee vows to find her, either to arrest her or form a partnership for half her profits. He enlists the help of chronicler John Reed, who often follows pirates to write his books.The crew then goes to Mordechai in Spittlefield Harbor. Before they can learn where the second piece is, Dawg appears. A fight ensues, during which Mordechai is killed and Morgan is shot, while Shaw secretly finds the piece and keeps it to himself. After they escape on the Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound, but is saved by Shaw, who is a self-proclaimed doctor. The two start a romance. Morgan figures out that the words on the map, when read backwards, spell out half the coordinates to the island.Dawg's ship, the Reaper, bears down on them. Morgan directs hers toward a coral reef and a gale. Shaw manages to piece together the location of Cutthroat Island with his and Morgan's piece, but is caught and thrown in the brig. During the storm, Reed sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee. Meanwhile, the majority of the crew led by the treacherous Scully mutinies and maroon Morgan and those loyal to her in a boat. The tide takes them straight to Cutthroat Island, which is uncharted land northeast of Cuba.As Morgan goes after the treasure, Shaw, who escaped during the storm, steals the last piece from Dawg, who's on the island. Shaw falls into quicksand and Morgan, realizing he has the piece, frees him. Together, they find the gold, only for it to be stolen by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff into the tide.After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and the mutineers, who have joined forces and intend to split the gold between them. As Shaw is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold, Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from Scully and the mutineers.The crew then tries to sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg counterattacks. A sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee, his men and Reed are killed by cannon fire. Morgan boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom to get to the gold. She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in rapidly rising water with the treasure. Morgan kills Dawg with a cannon and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the sinking ship. Morgan attached a marker barrel to the treasure beforehand, allowing them to retrieve it and the newly rich crew sets sail for their next adventure in Madagascar.
Seven Days to Noon	2	"In the early 1950s, the British Prime Minister (Ronald Adam) is sent a letter by Professor Willingdon (Barry Jones), who works at Britain's atomic weapons development facility, the (fictitious) Wallingford Research Centre, from which he has surreptitiously taken a nuclear warhead. It is a very explicit threat that Willingdon will destroy the centre of London in a week's time, at noon (hence the film title), unless the British government declares that it is to stop all stockpiling of nuclear warheads. Detective Superintendent Folland (André Morell) of Scotland Yard's Special Branch is charged with tracking down Willingdon and stopping him.Arriving at the Wallingford Research Centre (based on the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment {AWRE} at Aldermaston), Folland's team find Willingdon missing, along with a nuclear bomb. Willingdon's assistant Lane (Hugh Cross) is recruited to help and they return to London to search for him.Willingdon, carrying his bomb in a Gladstone bag, finds lodgings with Mrs Peckitt (Joan Hickson), but spooks her with his constant pacing around his room during the night. The following morning, he leaves early and, seeing a 'wanted' poster with his face, disguises himself with a new coat and having his moustache shaved off.Folland's team plan for the worst and get Cabinet approval to evacuate London. Rumours begin to fly that another war is about to be declared, and the Prime Minister agrees to do a radio broadcast to try to quash these, and appeal to Willingdon to give himself up.The next day, Willingdon's daughter Ann (Sheila Manahan) turns up at Folland's office to demand some answers. Folland tells her all, and asks her to stay and help – she may be the only person the professor will listen to.Mrs Peckitt reports Willingdon to the police, thinking that he is a 'landlady murderer' reported in the paper, but a quick-thinking constable realises the description better matches Willingdon and a car is sent to check him.Unfortunately, Willingdon spots it on his way back to his lodgings and makes a quiet getaway. Driving back to their hotel from the police operations centre, Lane and Ann Willingdon spot the professor but fail to catch him. An updated description is quickly circulated.That evening Willingdon bumps into 'Mrs' ""Goldie"" Phillips (Olive Sloane); she invites him to buy her a drink, the two of them having met, by chance, earlier at a pawnbroker's. As he has no lodgings, Goldie offers him her ""spare"" bed for the night. By this time, London is being evacuated and Willingdon decides to lie low. The troops have begun to search and Goldie's bedsit seems a good place to remain hidden. Willingdon is forced to hold Goldie hostage, fearing that if he doesn't, she will inform the authorities of his location.The streets cleared, Willingdon makes his escape and finds his final refuge, a bomb blitzed church. The net steadily closes and Willingdon is finally found, praying. Lane, Ann and Folland arrive to try to talk the professor away from his bag. He panics, runs from the church, and is killed by an even more panicking soldier (Victor Maddern). With seconds to spare, Lane has the bomb defused."
Wilson	0	The story begins in 1909, a time when Wilson (Alexander Knox) is best known as the head of Princeton University and the author of several books on the democratic process. Urged into running for Governor of New Jersey by the local political machine, Wilson soon proves that he is his own man, beholden to no one-and that he is dedicated to the truth at any cost.[3] As the U.S. is going through a progressive change in national politics and a split is developing in the opposing Republican Party, Woodrow Wilson is nominated in Baltimore and wins the Presidency in 1912. He pushes through a series of programs, called 'The New Freedom'. As World War I is breaking out in Europe in 1914, President Wilson tries to keep the U.S. neutral. At this same time, his wife Ellen dies of bright's disease. Overcome with grief and loneliness, the President, carries on. Early in 1915, at around the same time of the British trans-Atlantic passenger steamer Lusitania sinking, he meets Edith Bolling Galt, a Washington D.C. widow. A courtship develops and they find themselves in love and are married in December of 1915. The next year of 1916 brings The President to reelection to a second term, Many feel that he is going to be defeated , and the result is so close that the balance hangs of the returns from California , which goes for President Wilson. As, he starts his second term, the war finally comes to America , The Zimmerman note (Mexico and German alliance) is enough finally to put the U.S. in the war. The Yanks are coming and in 1918 victory is on the side of the Allies. President Wilson travels to France to have a hand in the Peace treaty, but many Republican senators, Henry Cabot Lodge, feel the President is leaving them out of the process and make a decision to kill whatever treaty he brings back or saddle it with reservations. President Wilson takes the issue to the people in a multi state tour, but his health is broken on the trip and days after returning to Washington, has a stroke Edith shields the President and screens visitors, and takes on a role that is controversial. But President Wilson recovers enough to make an orderly transition to President Warren G. Harding in 1921
Pavitra Bandham	2	"Vishwanath (SP Balasubramanyam) 55 is a multi-millionaire industrialist. Vijay, (Venkatesh) 25 his only son, having grown up in the United States (Chicago, Illinois), has no interest in marriage; his goal is to enjoy his youth as much as possible. Vishwanath would like his son to get married and become responsible, his insistence makes Vijay agree to a marriage but with a unique condition — a kind of a test drive! The marriage will be for a single year, initially, and at the end of the year he can choose to continue it, or not, depending on his attitude towards his wife, in that duration, the marriage will be annulled. Radha (Soundarya) 22 is Vishwanath's personal secretary, is a hardworking young woman struggling to support her family. Vishwanath asks Radha to quit her job and marry his son, but she refuses when she hears Vijay's strange condition. However, Radha's family is in dire financial straits and, so, she has to reconsider this offer. In return for marrying Vijay, she asks for financial support for her family, which Vishwanath readily provides.Vijay and Radha are married. After the marriage, they become friendly with each other, and Radha goes out of her way to look after Vijay when he meets with an accident. At the end of the year, however, Vijay decides to annul the marriage, as had been agreed upon. Radha leaves Vijay and returns home. After the separation, Vijay starts to feel a longing for the presence of his devoted wife. Soon, though, he realizes her worth and wants her to come back, but she says ""no"". Meanwhile, Radha finds out that she is pregnant. In order to support herself, Radha gets a job in a new company; to her surprise, when the company's managing director arrives, he turns out to be Vijay. He later confesses to her that he's a changed person and wants her back. But, even after repeated persuasion, she disagrees because her faith in him has been shattered. Vijay continues to pursue her and leaves no stone unturned to show her that he cares for her. Later, Radha and her family hold a ceremony for the well-being of her to-be-born child. Vishwanath and Vijay attend the ceremony as well, Radha reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells all the guests about the marriage-contract. An argument follows; Vijay and his father walk out, followed by all the guests.Near the completion of her pregnancy, Radha learns that trouble-makers, Dileep (Prakash Raj) 26 & Jayaram (Srihari) 28 who had once attempted to kill Vijay, have escaped from prison. They are out looking for Vijay, who had fired them from his father's company for cheating and fraud. Radha gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay as soon as possible. On the way, she learns that the whole thing was a set-up by Vijay's friends to lure her back to her husband. But Dilip & Jayaram have attacked Vijay in reality and brutally stabbed him. Enraged, Radha goes to confront Vijay and as soon as she meets him, she accuses him of this shameless act. As Radha turns to leave, Vijay staggers and in a cry of pain takes out the broken glass that Jayram stabbed him with from the stomach. Radha upon seeing his wound runs towards him, slips and goes into labor. Vijay, summoning up all his strength, takes Radha to the hospital. On the way, Dileep and Jayram attempt to kill them but fail and die in a truck accident. While in the hospital, Vijay is treated for his injuries and while Radha delivers a healthy baby boy. After the recovery, Vijay and Radha are reconciled."
The Brothers Rico	2	"Eddie Rico (Richard Conte) is the happily married owner of a prosperous laundry company in Bayshore, Florida. Later in the film we discover that years ago he had been the accountant for a major crime syndicate. He has given up his ties to the syndicate, and hopes to adopt a child with his wife, Alice. When the film opens, Eddie's sleep is interrupted by a call from Phil, a mob operative, who demands Eddie provide a hiding place for someone who turns out to be a hitman named Wesson (William Phipps). Eddie's young wife Alice becomes worried that the syndicate will bring Eddie back into a life of crime. Eddie calms her, but then receives a worrisome letter from his mother saying that his two brothers, Johnny (James Darren) and Gino (Paul Picerni), have disappeared.On Eddie's drive to work, Gino tails him. After Eddie, recognizing Gino driving the car following him, pulls over, Gino slides into Eddie's frontseat and in despiration begs Eddie to help him get out of the country. Gino admits to being the gunman in a gang killing and identifies Johnny as having been his driver. Gino now believes the syndicate is planning to get rid of him; out of the blue they've ordered him to St. Louis. Eddie cannot believe that the syndicate is after him; he has complete faith in the benevolence of Sid Kubik (Larry Gates), the syndicate boss, who Eddie believes thinks of the Ricos as family, just as Eddie thinks of Kubik as a father. Consequently, Eddie tells Gino to go to St. Louis—""Have I ever steered you wrong?""—and gives him some money to do so. When Eddie returns to work, he takes a call from ""Uncle"" Sid Kubik, who orders him to Miami for a face-to-face conference. Eddie leaves despite his wife's objections that he will miss an adoption interview.Eddie meets Kubik in Miami, where Kubik apologizes for the orders given earlier to provide shelter Wesson and congratulates Eddie on his impending adoption. Kubik says the syndicate does not know where Johnny is, but they are concerned. It seems that Johnny's new wife's brother Peter Malak (Lamont Johnson)—who doesn't at all approve of Johnny or of his having married his sister Norah—has met with prosecutors on a number of occasions. Naturally, the bosses feel that as a result of what Peter tells them, Johnny will be ""persuaded"" to turn on the syndicate and testify against them in return for clemency. After Eddie insists that he does not believe Johnny would ever rat on them, Kubik tells Eddie that while he believes in Johnny's loyalty, others aren't so sure, so Eddie has to find Johnny and get him to leave the country in order to save Johnny's life. After Eddie leaves to do Kubik's bidding, Kubik walks down the hall to enter another room where Gino, his face battered from a beating being administered by one of Kubik's henchmen, is seen slumped in a chair with only enough strength to raise his head and say with bitter sarcasm, ""Thanks, uncle Sid.""Eddie arrives in New York City and finds Peter Malak, Johnny's brother-in-law. When Eddie says that Johnny may be in a lot of trouble, Malak angrily refuses to help find him, calling Johnny a gangster and telling Eddie that maybe Johnny would be better off dead. Eddie then visits his mother (Argentina Brunetti) to ask her where Johnny is, but she proclaims that even though she once took a bullet to protect Kubik's life, she no longer trusts Kubik, in large part because Gino had told her not to. Indeed, she tells Eddie as he's leaving not to trust anybody. When Eddie tells her that Johnny's life is in danger, she laments, kneeling to pray in front of a statue of the Virgin Mary she has sitting on a shelf, but refuses to tell Eddie anything. Finally, as Eddie is walking out the door, she relents, telling Eddie, with great trepidation, that Johnny last wrote her from El Camino, California.Eddie has to take two planes to El Camino, where he finds Johnny and his pregnant wife, Norah (Kathryn Crosby) hiding out on a friend's farm. Johnny says he's left the syndicate because he wants his son to grow up to be clean and not know a life of crime. Norah, pregnant, is distraught at the prospect of Johnny being dragged back into the syndicate and collapses; she needs a doctor and one is called, but Johnny tells Eddie to leave.Eddie returns to his hotel where Mike Lamotta (Harry Bellaver), a local crime boss, is waiting in Eddie's room. There, Eddie realizes that Kubik has used him to locate Johnny and all along has intended that Johnny be killed. Lamotta orders Eddie to call Johnny and tell him to meet the mobsters waiting outside the house where he's staying. Instead, after Johnny joyously tells Eddie that he's a new father, Eddie urges Johnny to go to the cops and is immediately knocked out by Lamotta's assistant, Gonzales (Rudy Bond). To save his wife and newborn son, Johnny goes outside where he is killed.As Eddie and Gonzales fly back to Florida, Eddie learns that Gino had attempted to flee the country against orders and was also killed. Eddie knocks out Gonzales while in a bathroom on their stopover in Phoenix. He takes Gonzales's pistol, and calls Alice, telling her to leave their house in Florida and meet him in New York at a special place only they know about. Eddie then manages to elude Kubik's minions by hitching a ride to New York in a truck transporting new cars.He goes to Peter Malak's and tells Malak both that his brothers have been murdered and that he intends to testify against the syndicate. Malak, now convinced of Eddie's sincerity, agrees to meet him the next day at a bank where Eddie will give him money to care for his now-widowed sister and their new nephew.The next day, Eddie goes to the bank, gets a pile of cash from his safe-deposit box, and puts some in three envelopes—one for Malak, one for Alice to get safely out of the country, and one for his mother. He meets Malak and Alice outside in a cab and gives each an envelope and sends the weeping Alice to the airport with Malak. When Eddie goes to say goodbye to his mother and give her her envelope, Kubik is there and holds him at gunpoint. Eddie pulls out the gun he'd taken from Gonzales in Phoenix and kills both Kubik and his accomplice, but is wounded himself.In a newspaper headline shot, we discover that Eddie, apparently recovered from his wound, has testified against the syndicate and that it has been successfully prosecuted and destroyed. The final scene shows Eddie driving with Alice up to the children's home where they apparently are meeting with the administrators to finalize the adoption of their new child."
Dark Tide	1	"Kate is a shark expert whose business has been failing since a shark attack killed a fellow diver under her command. Once dubbed ""the shark whisperer"", Kate is haunted by the memory of the attack and unable to get back into the water. With bills piling up and the bank about to foreclose on Kate's boat, Kate's estranged husband, Jeff, presents her with a lucrative opportunity: to lead a thrill-seeking millionaire businessman and his teenage son on a dangerous shark dive – outside the cage. Battling her self-doubts and fear, Kate accepts the proposal and sets a course for the world's deadliest feeding ground – Shark Alley."
The Devil's Holiday	0	A golddigger marries a young man for his money, but finds that she really loves him and wants to keep him despite his family's disapproval.
A Dark Reflection	0	The film involves an air traffic controller who is suspended following a serious in-flight incident. When his journalist wife Helen Eastman (Georgina Sutcliffe) starts to ask questions, she uncovers a disturbing succession of cover-ups dating back to 1954.[7]
Bang Bang!	2	"Somewhere in London, Colonel Viren Nanda (Jimmy Shergill) goes to meet a wanted terrorist Omar Zafar (Danny Denzongpa) in his holding cell. As Viren informs Zafar that he will be extradited back to India for his crimes, Zafar's men enter his holding cell, led by Hamid Gul (Jaaved Jaffrey), killing all guards around them, with Zafar then killing Viren by shooting him and then burning him. As Zafar escapes in a helicopter waiting on the roof, he puts a $5 million reward for someone to steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Tower of London, but with one condition – the thief must be Indian, to hold up a new extradition treaty between India and UK. Soon after, a man named Rajveer Nanda (Hrithik Roshan) steals it, and when Zafar's men are informed of the theft, they travel to Rajveer for the deal. Although they initially travel with the $5 million reward, Rajveer informs them that he now wants $20 million for the deal. Following the disdain of the comment made by Rajveer, a fight breaks out between Rajveer and Zafar's men after which Rajveer flies away. After Rajveer escapes, a CCTV footage of him is captured, showing that he is in Shimla. Following an escape, he sees a young lady, Harleen (Katrina Kaif) sitting in a restaurant, who is there waiting for her internet date, Vickie Kapoor, to show up. Rajveer enters the restaurant posing as ""Vickie"" and woos her over. He convinces Harleen to use the bathroom and while she is in there, Rajveer fights the remaining men who came searching for him and leaves the restaurant, much to the dismay of Harleen. As she drives home, Harleen accidentally runs over Rajveer, who asks her to stitch up a gunshot wound sustained during the fight. Rajveer then gives Harleen drugged water, with her complying with what he says about the government officials, informing her about where to find guns underneath car seats and what they will say about him.The next day, the government officials with Zorawar (Pawan Malhotra) visit Harleen at her bank and threaten her to come with them. They tell her that if she does not accompany them, then they will reveal everything to her colleagues. Harleen decides to go with them to the police station. In the car, Zorawar tells her that they are not going to the station but they are taking her to a safe place instead. Harleen remembers about the gun that Rajveer had told her of. She engages the other official in small talk and finds the gun. She threatens both the officers to stop the car and let her go. At the same time, Rajveer appears on a bike and a chase sequence ensues. Both Rajveer and Harleen find a car and escape. When Rajveer goes out to shoot the goons, Harleen escapes and then bumps into her boss, Karan. She tells him about Rajveer and how random people are firing at her. Rajveer follows her. Karan tries to protect Harleen from Rajveer. He annoys Rajveer and gets shot by him in the leg. Harleen is exasperated but leaves with Rajveer again lest he shoots any more people.In the car, Harleen and Rajveer get into an argument. Harleen states that she wants to go home and that she had made a huge mistake by trusting him. Rajveer angrily decides to let Harleen go and hands over the car keys to her. He tells her that he has no other motive than protecting her. She feels guilty and decides to stick to him. They begin to drive again in silence. Rajveer checks a location on his phone which Harleen notices. He then tells her that he has not killed an innocent person before this and does not want her to die. He tries to convince her to come with him for dinner.They go to Pizza Hut where Rajveer realises that he has no money to buy food. They get into an argument about it. He teases Harleen about her internet dating and she slaps him. He threatens to shoot the server and she eventually pays for the pizza. Harleen asks him about the crime that he has committed and Rajveer shows her the Koh-i-Noor much to her surprise. She has a hard time believing that he is indeed a thief. As she comes to know about Rajveer, they realise that they were followed by Zorawar who says he has the restaurant surrounded with his men and will not be afraid to shoot Rajveer if needed to. As the officials convince Harleen to go with them, Rajveer tells Harleen that he cannot let her go with them. He shoots her with a tranquilizer dart and they both jump out of a window and escape.Harleen slips in and out of consciousness as Rajveer continues to take her to safety. She wakes up in a beach shack wearing a bikini top and shorts. She angrily asks Rajveer as to who changed her clothes and he confesses that he did it. She is angry beyond words. She beats him and bites his hand. Harleen then takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, unbeknownst to her it allows the government officials to track their position. After a shootout occurs between Rajveer and the government officials, he escapes with Harleen with a help of a sea bob and a fly board.Harleen wakes up the next morning in Prague. As Rajveer was able to successfully lead the escape of them both, Harleen now entrusts Rajveer, subsequently falling in love with him. When Rajveer goes out of his hotel with Harleen, he sees that they are wanted by Interpol. Some policemen come at the moment and, in the process of concealing their faces, Rajveer and Harleen end up sharing a passionate kiss. Rajveer tracks Hamid Gul at a casino. Although he was to go alone, Harleen insists to take her along, to which he agrees. Staging a ploy for Gul's attention, Harleen and Gul meet in the hallway, where he tells her that a romantic candlelit champagne drink is waiting for her on the roof of the casino. Following this, Rajveer visits Gul at the top of the casino, and a fight ensues regarding the whereabouts of Zafar and he ultimately kills Gul. In the meantime, Harleen spots Zorawar and is taken to the Indian Embassy in Prague, where Zorawar says that Rajveer actually came to Prague to find Gul. Harleen is asked to get the Koh-i-Noor back. That night, the two meet on a bridge, where Harleen says that the trust between them is broken. Rajveer activates the tracking device himself, allowing the officials to surround them. Rajveer gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen and jumps from the bridge, but is shot, and is assumed dead.Harleen then returns home and remembers the address location that Rajveer was viewing on his phone. At the address, Harleen meets Rajveer's father Pankaj (Kanwaljit Singh) and his mother Shikha (Deepti Naval). At the house, Harleen sees photos of Rajveer and Viren, who are later revealed to be brothers and Shikha reveals their back stories. Although it is confirmed that Viren was murdered, Pankaj says that he does not believe in the story the army told him, saying that Jaiwant ""Jai"" Nanda, Viren's brother, who is disguised as Rajveer, had drowned despite being a swimming champion in his youth, as he was the only student who was able to cross the lake in only one breath. On her way home, Harleen is kidnapped by Zafar, who learns and reveals that the diamond was a fake. Zorawar is then revealed to be Zafar's right-hand man, and gives Harleen a truth-revealing drug to reveal the location of the real diamond. Harleen tells that Rajveer would have survived and is coming to kill Zafar. Jaiwant, in the meantime, is revealed to have actually survived, and silently kills every guard posted outside and places time bombs in every corner and enters the room. Zafar then orders his men to beat Rajveer but before Zafar is able to kill him Rajveer informs that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and it was a joint operation between the MI6 and the Indian Secret Service to get Zafar. The time bombs go off and destroy the castle. But Zafar manages to escape and captures Harleen again, after making Rajveer crash. As they escape with her, Jaiwant follows them with a F1 car and catches up to them. Zafar enters a flight with Harleen. Killing the rest of Zafar's men including Zorawar, Jaiwant shoots at the flight blades evidently grounding the plane. He soon boards the plane and a final bout takes place between him and Zafar. After throwing him to the flames, Jaiwant frees Harleen. When they are escaping from the aircraft, Zafar emerges from the flames again and shoots Rajveer. Jaiwant pushes Harleen out of the aircraft and a second bullet hits him. He then grabs the axe and charges towards Zafar and kills him. When the aircraft is about to explode, he jumps out.He loses consciousness and is about to drown when Harleen grabs his hand. The authorities air lift an injured and unconscious Jaiwant and Harleen.Jaiwant then wakes up in hospital, where his commandant Narayanan (Vikram Gokhale) is sitting across him waiting for him to wake up. He congratulates Rajveer for successfully completing the mission. He rues about the fact that Viren was murdered and that Pankaj and Shikha will never get to see him again. Also, he informs Rajveer that Harleen has been sent back to her home and he has to forget about her because she can become a threat to his life and also his weakness. Rajveer is also told that he will be shifted to a safe facility the next day. After Narayanan leaves, a nurse arrives and gives Jaiwant a medicine to drink. As soon as he gulps down the medicine, he feels giddy and asks the nurse about it. The nurse turns around and removes her mask revealing that she is actually Harleen and the medicine was a sedative meant to knock Jaiwant out. A surprised Jaiwant tries to say her name but Harleen asks him to keep quiet. Jaiwant faints and Harleen escapes from the hospital along with him. He continues to slip in and out of consciousness until the next morning. He wakes up and Harleen tells him that his one-day has arrived. Jaiwant realises that she has brought him to his house. He silently thanks her, and they both reunite with Pankaj and Shikha."
Paarvai Ondre Podhume	0	Vinod (Kunal) and Manoj (Karan) are best friends. Manoj gives Vinod a manager job of his three star hotel. They both are in love with Neetha (Monal), but Neetha is actually in love with Vinod. This causes a strain in their friendship and Manoj fired Vinod from his manager job.
Magkakabaung	0	A single father accidentally kills his eight-year-old daughter by administering the wrong medication. He finds it challenging not only to have her body buried but also to bury his culpability.
Amar Praner Priya	0	"Prem (Shakib Khan) always helps a lot of people, specially cases with love trouble. That's why people named him ""LOVE GURU"". But he does not love any girl, then he accidentally meets Priyanka (Mim) and falls in love with her. Initially, Priyanka does not reciprocate Prem's feeling because Prem is a son of a very rich businessman. Priyanka does not like rich people. But when Prem proves in many ways that his love for her is pure and very real, Priyanka could not refuse him. When they slowly start dating, Priyanka's brother, (Misa Shawdagar) becomes an obstacle between them. Priyanka's brother considers Prem as an enemy since his mother was killed by Prem in a road accident. It was just an accident, but her brother convinces Priyanka that it was all intentional. Priyanka misunderstands Prem and tries to take revenge. But one day Priyanka realizes her mistake in accusing Prem, he is innocent and her brother is the main culprit who is coming between their relationship. Then she calls Prem and clears their misunderstanding. So heroically Prem comes and takes his bride away from her evil and conspicuous brother."
Foolproof	0	"The movie starts with Kevin (played by Reynolds), Sam (Booth) and Rob (Jarsky) playing a game, known as ""Foolproof"", in which they create working plans to infiltrate and burgle various targets. They do not actually execute these heists, preferring to simply simulate them. The rules of the game include the three of them to have the necessary technical and physical abilities to carry out the tasks required for the heist, and they cannot use a loaded gun.All is fine until a famous criminal, Leo Gillete (Suchet), breaks into Sam's apartment, steals the trio's plans for a jewelry warehouse heist and accomplishes it. He then blackmails the group into designing and executing a plan to steal $20 million in bonds from a bank. Since he has evidence incriminating them in the plans, they accept.Tension escalates within the group as Rob befriends Leo, while Kevin and Sam attempt to hinder his plans. They get the security codes to the safe and successfully switch the bonds. But the situation turns against them when Leo and Rob force them into an elevator and crashing it. Leo goes down and retrieves the bonds and shoots Sam.It is later revealed that the gun had been switched and was loaded with blanks. Sam and Kevin get up and are greeted by Rob who was in on the plan the whole time. When Leo gets back to his place, he sees a fire started by the gang to destroy evidence against them and planted evidence against Leo on the latest burglary. Leo is taken in custody while the friends drive away in their car.[3]"
Mercury Pookkal	0	Srikanth, is from a middle-class family and is doing his MCA final year. He is an outstanding student with high ambitions. He works part-time in a courier company and takes care of his expenses. He also yearns for beautiful classy girls. Meera Jasmine is from a rural landlord's family and is doing her B.Com in Trichy. Her pranks and her outgoing personality makes her father Mahadevan fear that she might bring disrepute to the family name and so he decides to give her in marriage to his friend's son, Srikanth.Both the youngsters try to resist marriage but are compelled to agree in the end. The unwilling couple make an agreement on the first night that they will play according to the elders' tune for a while and once they are capable of taking care of themselves, they can part their own ways. Meera is also admitted to the same college as Srikanth and the turn of events makes Meera realize the importance of a good married life and how she has to make her husband like her. In spite of her attempts, Srikanth remains elusive and after some frames he also realizes the meaning of a good wedded life. When he is about to expose his love, turn of events separate the couple. But the couple stay determined to unite despite the stubborn stance of both their fathers. After much drama they unite happily.
Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu	2	Aravind (Bharath) had met with a terrible accident seven months ago, that left him physically and emotionally scarred. He is currently living with his elder brother Gopal (Santhanam) and being treated for some psychotic disorder. Aravind claims that during the accident, his girlfriend Liyana (Mrithika) was with him and she died in his arms. The strange thing is that such a girl does not seem to exist at all. No one has seen or even heard of her; she does not appear in the student list in her college or even the census reports. She is not mentioned in the newspaper reports of the accident either and some strangers are occupying her home. The psychiatrist is of the opinion that Liyana is a figment of Aravind’s imagination and exists only in his mind. Unable to convince even Gopal of her existence, Aravind tries to get on with his life by going back to work. Here he meets Manjari (Erica Fernandes), a colleague (in a software company Paayal Infotech which is owned by CEO Sudesh Berry), who sympathises with him and also tries to help find some clue to Liyana’s identity. Despite all evidence against Liyana’s existence, memories of her and their love continue to haunt Aravind. Fortunately for him, a chance meeting with Liyana’s aunt sets the ball rolling (Aravind obtains all the information from Liyana's aunty who is not really her aunty but instead pretended to be, she gets killed by a goon who is killed by Aravind in a few seconds). After that things begin to unravel, Aravind finds out that he is being tortured by his own company boss (Sudesh). Reason for doing this is that Liyana happens to be splitting image of Sudesh's own dead lover called Payal so in order to marry her, Sudesh made a plan to torture Aravind by involving Manjari in this game, Gopal gets killed in this mayhem. Aravind shoots Manjari and henchmen. Sudesh narrates that doctor was a fake person set up by him to fool Aravind and also threatened his brother Gopal to pretend ignorance about Liyana. Doctor tortures Aravind with a planned shock treatment to make him go insane but he is completely healthy and kills the doctor. He kills Sudesh and henchmen and unites with Liyana who is alive.
Velaikkaran	1	Arivu (Sivakarthikeyan) hails from Kolaikkara Kuppam aka Cooliekkara Kuppam a slum area in Chennai. He is one such responsible youth, who wants to focus on the upliftment of his fellow beings and he works hard for the same. Arivu starts Kuppam FM 90.8, a local radio channel with the help of the area gangster Kasi (Prakash Raj). In reality, Arivu tries to free the people of the area from the atrocities of Kasi, who is deliberately preventing them from becoming independent, so that he may continue to dominate the area. Arivu succeeds in turning the people of the area against Kasi, thus destroying his support.Later, Arivu joins a leading FMCG company, Saffron and joins its sales department under Stella Bruce (Thambi Ramaiah). He also manages to bring his friend Bhagya (Vijay Vasanth) out of Kasi's gang and gets him a job in Saffron. He meets Aadhi (Fahadh Faasil), the Brand Manager of Saffron, who teaches him how to progress by doing smart work and Arivu considers him as his inspiration. On the night of April 1, Kasi and his gang attack Bhagya and brutally stab him in Saffron's godown (warehouse), whereupon he dies in the hands of Arivu. Arivu filled with rage, tries to attack Kasi. But, Kasi's rival Doss (Sharath Lohitashwa) attacks and brutally stabs him in retaliation for their previous encounter and Arivu admonishes Kasi for being such a paid henchman. Kasi reveals to Arivu that he killed Bhagya on a contract given by Jayaram (Anish Kuruvilla) the President of Saffron company, due to the fact that Bhagya tries to help Kasthuri (Sneha), who files a case claiming Saffron's products to be adulterated, due to which she had lost her son. Arivu is addressed by Kasi as being a worse hitman than he himself is. Arivu then saves Kasi. Arivu is also told by Kasi that all the products manufactured by his company are adulterated. He takes up a mission to fight such malpractices not only in Saffron, but also in all the other five major food companies, including the company owned by Madhav Kurup (Mahesh Manjrekar). Arivu shares all of his plans with Aadhi. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Aadhi is actually Adhiban Madhav and he is the son of Madhav Kurup. He joined Saffron to know their trade secrets and merge the company with his father's company.Arivu manages to convince the staff of his company to manufacture products as per Government regulations for two days, while he convinces the staff of the other companies to wear a kerchief on their dresses for the next two days, thus tricking the owners into believing that their workers have turned against them. But, Aadhi manages to foil this plan of Arivu and coerces the other owners to write over the major shares of their company to Madhav Kurup, thus making him the deciding authority of all their companies. Aadhi then manages to turn all the employees against Arivu by tricking them into believing that Arivu worked as a spy for Madhav Kurup. Stella Bruce then slaps Arivu and humiliates him, while Aadhi pretends to defend Arivu claiming that he is innocent and it is the new president who conspired all these. After this, Arivu reveals to Aadhi that Stella Bruce was his ally and he now knows that Aadhi is the true traitor. Aadhi then burns down the go down containing the unadulterated products and reveals to Arivu that he is the son of Madhav Kurup, and that he will be the next CEO of the company. He also convinces the staff through his clever tactics and makes them propose his name as the new CEO, also revealing to Arivu that he will make them manufacture adulterated products without their knowledge, now that he command their loyalty, support and trust.Arivu goes to the Radio Mirchi radio station on the same day, which a night before May 1 and reveals that after the fire accident, one of the injured department heads of Saffron Karpaga Vinayagam (Ramdoss) called him into the ambulance and told him that he followed the regulations on the third day too. Arivu also got to know from the other team workers of Saffron Kennedy (Mansoor Ali Khan), Vinoth (Kaali Venkat), Ansari (Aruldoss) and Sivaranjani (Vinodhini Vaidyanathan) that after manufacturing quality products for two days, they could not bring themselves to manufacture adulterated products on the next day, and they all followed Government regulations, thus manufacturing quality products on the next day too. Aadhi now the CEO, hears the workers say that they will rebel against him and depose him if tries to revert to manufacturing adulterated products. Arivu further adds that the loyalty of all the employees in each and every field shouldn't be wasted by showing it towards unethical employers. Aadhi vents out his frustration on the permanent failure of his plan.All the people in the city shows their support to Arivu. Arivu celebrates his success along with Mrinalini (Nayanthara) his love interest, his friends, his family, the people of his slum and the people of the city as the movie ends.
The Quiet Man	2	"In the 1920s, Sean Thornton (John Wayne), an Irish-born American from Pittsburgh, travels to Ireland to reclaim his family's farm and his birthplace in Inisfree. He meets and falls in love with the fiery Mary Kate Danaher (Maureen O'Hara), the sister of the bullying, loud-mouthed landowner Squire ""Red"" Will Danaher (Victor McLaglen). Danaher, who had wanted the farm himself, is angry that the Widow Tillane (angered by Danaher's admission that he had discussed her in the local pub) accepts Sean's bid, and retaliates by refusing consent for his sister to marry. Several town locals, including the Catholic priest, Father Lonergan (Ward Bond) and the village matchmaker (and bookmaker) Michaleen Oge Flynn (Barry Fitzgerald), conspire to trick him into believing that the wealthy Widow Tillane (Mildred Natwick) wants to marry him, but only if Mary Kate is no longer living in his house. After learning the truth on Sean and Mary Kate's wedding day, an enraged Will refuses to give his sister her dowry which is made up of a large sum of money and her family possessions passed down from her mother.Sean, unschooled in Irish customs, cares nothing about the dowry, but to Mary Kate the dowry represents her independence, identity, and pride. She feels passionately and intensely that the dowry is hers and is needed to validate her marriage to Sean. Angered and shamed by Sean's refusal to confront her brother and demand what is legally hers, she brands him a coward, and, despite living together, they are estranged as husband and wife. In the morning they find that others in the village had visited Will and pressured him to return Mary Kate's furniture, but could not make him pay the 350 pounds of dowry money.Sean had been a boxer in the United States, a heavyweight challenger known as ""Trooper Thorn."" After accidentally killing an opponent in the ring, Sean hung up his gloves, vowing never to fight again. This is known to only one person in the village, the Church of Ireland minister, the Rev. Playfair (Arthur Shields), who once upon a time had been the lightweight champion and so understands Thornton's internal conflict over the fight.In an attempt to force Sean to confront Will, Mary Kate leaves him and boards a train departing Castletown and headed to Dublin. Sean hears from Michaleen that she left for the station and drags her off the train. Followed by a crowd of townspeople, he forces her to walk with him the five miles back to Inisfree and directly to the Danaher farm. Sean demands that Will hand over her dowry. When Will refuses, he throws Mary Kate back at Will, saying that ""no dowry, no marriage"" is their custom, not his; shocking the two and shaming Will into finally paying the monetary portion of his sister's dowry. Sean promptly throws the money into a nearby furnace which Mary Kate holds open, showing that Mary Kate never cared about the money but only what it represented.After a proud Mary Kate announces so all can hear that she will now return home to prepare his supper and departs, Will throws a punch at Sean, and is dropped by Sean's vicious right hook to the gut. A long, memorable fistfight ensues between the two, drawing crowds from miles around. They slug it out through the village, stop for a drink, admit grudging mutual respect for each other, and disagree over who is to pay for the porter they are drinking. Sean ends the fight by clocking Danneher on the jaw hard enough to smash him through the pub's door, knocking him out. Then, somewhat drunk, the two return to Sean and Mary Kate's home for supper, where it is implied the rift is healed. Sean regains Mary Kate's love and respect.In the aftermath it is shown that Will and the Widow Tillane begin courting, and ""peace is returned to Inisfree"". When last seen, Mary Kate has whispered something in Sean's ear and the couple is shown trotting back to their house ... in the middle of the day, no less."
Sexy Beast	0	"Ex-convict Gary ""Gal"" Dove is happily retired in Spain with his beloved wife DeeDee, best friend Aitch and Aitch's wife Jackie. A boulder falls from a hill, nearly hits him, and lands in his swimming pool, damaging its double-heart insignia. After an unsuccessful rabbit hunt with Aitch and Enrique, a Spanish boy who helps him around the house, Gal has a dream of a demonic rabbit pointing a gun at him.An old criminal associate, Don Logan, arrives at Gale's villa, intent on enlisting Gal for a bank robbery in London. Crime lord Teddy Bass learned about the vault from Harry, the bank's chairman, whom he met at an orgy. Gal politely declines, but Logan grows increasingly aggressive. After Gal suggests Logan's real reason for visiting is his infatuation with Jackie, Logan grows furious and demands to be taken to the airport. On the plane, Logan refuses to extinguish his cigarette prior to take-off, is aggressive to staff, and is ejected. He tells the investigator the cabin crew sexually harassed him and is released.Logan returns to the villa screaming obscenities and attacks Gal with a bottle. Enrique threatens him with a gun, but Logan disarms him. DeeDee shoots Logan with a shotgun and she, Jackie and Gal beat him. When Logan tells Aitch he had sex with Jackie, Aitch hits him with a television set.In London, Bass asks Gal where Logan is. Gal claims Logan called him from Heathrow Airport. In the morning, Gal has another vision of the demonic rabbit. As Gal eats breakfast, Bass arrives and asks again where Logan is. Gal continues to feign ignorance.During the heist, Bass's crew use diving gear to drill into Harry's vault from a pool in a neighbouring bath house. The pool water floods the vault and shorts its security system. As the crew empties the vault's safe deposit boxes, Gal secretly pockets a pair of ruby earrings encrusted with diamonds.After the job, Bass insists on driving Gal to the airport. He stops at Harry's home, where he kills Harry and demands Gal tell him where Logan is. Gal responds that he is ""not into this any more"". In the car, Bass angrily tells Gal that he does not care about Logan. He pays Gal £10 for the job, giving him a twenty-pound-note and demanding change, then drives away.Gal returns to his friends and family in Spain, where DeeDee wears the earrings. Gal hears Don's voice tell him that he knew Gal would do the job; Gal responds that Don is dead now and can shut up. The demonic rabbit opens a coffin beneath the swimming pool, revealing Don, who exhales smoke with contempt."
Ghost Ship	1	"In May 1962, aboard the Italian ocean liner SS Antonia Graza, dozens of wealthy passengers dance to the song ""Senza Fine"" sung by Francesca, an Italian lounge singer. A young girl, Katie Harwood, sits alone until the ship's captain offers to dance with her on the exterior dance floor. Elsewhere, a hand presses a lever that unravels a thin wire cord from a spool. The spool snaps and the wire whips across the dance floor, bisecting the dancers.Forty years later, at a bar, a boat salvage crew — Captain Sean Murphy, Maureen Epps, Greer, Dodge, Munder, and Santos — celebrate their recent success. Jack Ferriman, a Canadian weather service pilot, approaches them and says he spotted a vessel adrift in the Bering Sea. Because the ship is in international waters, it can be claimed by whoever brings it to port. The crew sets out on the Arctic Warrior, an ocean salvage tugboat. The ship is the Antonia Graza, which was believed to be lost at sea. As they prepare to tow it, they discover it contains a large quantity of gold. After a series of supernatural events, the group decides to abandon the salvage effort but take the gold, but an invisible force sabotages the Arctic Warrior. The tugboat explodes as its engine is restarted, killing Santos.Left with no other option, the group begins repairing the Antonia Graza. Greer encounters Francesca, who seduces him into betraying the fiancée he has ashore, then leads him off a precipice to his death. Captain Murphy enters the captain's cabin and finds his ghost. The captain explains that they recovered the gold from a sinking cruise ship, the Lorelei, along with a sole survivor. Murphy is shown a picture of the survivor, whom he recognizes. He rushes to tell the others, but begins hallucinating and sees everyone as the ghost of the burned Santos, who provokes him into a murderous rage. The others think Murphy has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank, where Epps later finds him drowned.Epps meets Katie's ghost, who reveals what happened on the Graza. The sole survivor of the Lorelei convinced the Graza's crew to murder the passengers for the gold. Once the passengers were killed, the crew turned on one another; soon, only a single officer was left, but he was later killed by Francesca. Another man, the mastermind behind the massacre, then killed Francesca by mystical means and branded her palm with a hook-shaped symbol using only his hands. The man is revealed as Jack Ferriman, who is actually a demonic spirit. Epps deduces that Ferriman lured the salvage team to the Graza to repair it, and decides to sink it to thwart his plan. While Munder is crushed under the ship's gears while scuba diving in a flooded area, Epps tells Dodge to keep Jack on the ship's bridge while she secretly sets explosives. When Ferriman realizes that Dodge is on to his secret, he walks towards Dodge while insulting him for not being man enough to act upon his feelings for Epps. Dodge threatens to shoot Ferriman, who simply smiles and says that murderers go to hell. Dodge shoots and Ferriman is seemingly killed.Epps is below decks setting explosives when she is confronted by Dodge. He tells her he has killed Ferriman and that they can salvage the gold to start a life together, but Epps is made suspicious by this unexpected romantic proposal and Dodge's apparent knowledge of the deaths of the rest of the crew despite not being told of them. Realizing that his ruse has failed, ""Dodge"" morphs into Jack Ferriman, who has killed the real Dodge. Ferriman describes himself as a salvager of souls, a job he earned by a lifetime of sin. He plans to use the Antonia Graza and the gold as a trap to continue collecting souls. Only the souls of sinners can be readily controlled, through the mark he brands them with, and as long as the Graza is kept afloat the soul of everyone who has died aboard the ship will be dragged down when Ferriman has filled his quota and returns to hell, something which will please the ""management"". He offers to spare Epps's life in exchange for her not interfering but she detonates the explosives. Ferriman is blown to pieces in the explosion and Katie helps Epps escape the sinking ship. Katie wordlessly bids farewell to Epps before she and the other unmarked souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven.Drifting on the open sea, Epps is found by a cruise ship and returned to land. As she is loaded into an ambulance, she sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by crewmen overseen by Ferriman, who glares at her and carries on; she screams as the ambulance doors close."
Ninna Nedu Repu	0	A dejected youth Vijay (Ravi Krishna) decides to end his life on railway track. On the tracks he sees the dead body of a youth called Kishore and takes away his mobile phone. The call he attends over the phone brings him fortune. He gets richer and money starts coming to him from all quarters. Fate takes a different turn. A baddie in the city Moddu Poorana (Ajay) calls up and threatens Vijay. On other hand, a new girl Swapna (Akshara aka Rekha), who knew Kishore but never met him, also enters Vijay's life. How Vijay manages to put together the pieces of his new life, escape from the deadly goons forms rest of the story.
Oridathoru Puzhayundu	1	The film is about Sumangala (Jayasree Sivadas), a young girl from Valayapatti village in Tamil Nadu, seeking refuge in Kuriachira in Thrissur, Kerala along with her folks after a factory completely exploited the water sources in her village.The villagers come to Kerala hoping to start a new life and settle in a private land which they found. Sumangala goes to collect old plastic articles from nearby households to make a living. Once she found a clay statue in Sandeep's (Goutham Babu) house which was made by her father earlier. As she tried to get the statue, Sandeep shouted and she hid herself in the shed near the house. Later Sandeep and friends found her and continue to hide and feed her. After a few days, Venu (K. B. Venu) and Lakshmi (Jenny Jasmine) found Sumangala and the people in the neighbourhood decides to keep her with them till her mother is found. With the help of the authorities, Venu succeeded in locating Sumangala's mother and they all happily sent her back to her village. The children were worried about how Sumangala will survive in her village without water and started collecting money to help Sumangala's villagers dig a well in Valayapatti. Venu and friends came to know about this noble cause and contributed the full amount required for digging the well and sent to Sumangala. After three months, Sandeep received a letter saying that the well in constructed but the villagers want Sandeep and friends to come an drink the first pot of water from the well. Venu and friends took the children to Valayapatti and meet Sumangala and the villagers and enjoyed the water from the well.While returning to their homes in Kuriachira, Venu saw a packaged drinking water factory beginning construction near the river in their village. Venu realised that a similar fate as that of Valayapatti is going to fall on them also sooner.
Flame of Youth	0	After his daughter, nicknamed Jerry, is arrested for stealing hubcaps off cars, naive George Briggs picks her up at jail. She immediately goes to gangster Cicero Coletti to get her cut of the stolen loot, quarreling with Coletti's sister, Lila.Jerry pays her dad's tab when bookie Deke Edwards demands he pay up or else. She ignores sister Catherine's pleas to get out of petty crime and concentrate on becoming a fashion model instead. Instead, she tries to rob the cash from a junkyard, as does Lila, who is shot by the owner. Jerry escapes, ripping her pants on a wire fence.Catherine repays the stolen loot to the junkyard's owner, but George inadvertently identifies the torn pants as hers when the police come to investigate. Catherine and Jerry are both placed under arrest. Deke shoots an innocent friend of Jerry, who finally sees the error of her ways as she is taken to jail.
Do Badan	1	Vikas (Manoj Kumar) comes from a poor family, and is attending college so that he can complete his studies, get a job, and look after himself and his dad. He meets with wealthy Asha (Asha Parekh) at this college, and after a few misunderstandings, both fall in love. Vikas' dad passes away during the exams. Because Vikas leaves to attend the funeral, he is unable to complete his studies. Asha feels sorry for him and arranges to get him employed with her dad, without telling Vikas about it. Asha's dad wants her to get married to Ashwini (Pran), and he soon announces their engagement.Ashwini finds out that Asha is in love with Vikas, and arranges an accident for Vikas. Vikas survives the accident, but loses his eyesight. After this incident, Vikas does not want to burden Asha, and strikes up a new friendship with Dr. Anjali (Simi Garewal). Meanwhile, Ashwini informs Asha that Vikas has died in the accident. Asha loses interest in life after listening to the news of Vikas's death. Ashwini then meets Vikas and requests him to convince Asha that he does not love her any more. Vikas agrees and convinces Asha that he is having an affair with Dr. Anjali. Asha marries Ashwini but refuses to live with him in the same room.Vikas starts singing to earn money. Dr. Anjali asks him to get an eye operation, but Vikas refuses. One day, Dr. Anjali visits Asha and asks her to persuade Vikas to undergo the operation. While Asha is asking Vikas to undergo the operation, Ashwini takes her away and locks her in a room. She feels suicidal.One day Asha's uncle goes to meet her and feels saddened by her condition. He takes her to her father's home. Within three days, Asha becomes sick and doctors are unable to do anything for her. Meanwhile, Vikas's eye operation is successful. Ashwini apologizes to Asha. He goes to Vikas and tells him about Asha's condition. Vikas and Ashwini go to Asha. She dies after taking one look at Vikas. He is not able to bear that and also dies. Both of them reunite after their death.
Good-Time Girl	1	"The film opens with Miss Thorpe, the chairman of the Juvenile court, giving advice to troubled teenager Lyla Lawrence. Miss Thorpe tells Lyla that her life has a similar beginning to that of Gwen Rawlings.Gwen Rawlings was a teenage girl who continually fell into the wrong crowd. Gwen's first troubles began with her employer who caught her ""borrowing"" a brooch from his pawnshop. Though Gwen had only borrowed it to use for a dance and had every intention of returning it, she was fired. When she arrived home and informed her father, he beat her. The next day Gwen packed her things and moved into a boarding house. There, she met Jimmy, a sharp-dressed man who immediately took a liking to her.Jimmy found her a job at the Blue Angel Nightclub where she was employed as a hat-check girl. While working, she met Red, a bandmember for the club who felt the need to look after her well-being. Jimmy attempted to pursue Gwen but was rejected. He grew extremely angry towards the growing relationship between Red and Gwen and later beat her. Max Vine, his employer at the club, discovered Jimmy's crime and fired him. Angry at Gwen, who he felt had lost him his job, Jimmy began to plot to set her up. He stole their landlady's jewellery and told Gwen to pawn it for him. Believing that the jewelry belonged to his mother, Gwen followed his instructions. Later, after learning that Max had been attacked by a gang, Gwen implored Red to allow her to stay the night at his place. Red permitted her a night's stay but insisted that she leave the following day as it was unsuitable for a young girl to live with him.However, the police soon found Gwen and she was sent to court where she was accused of having stolen jewellery. Miss Thorpe presided over the hearing and decided to sentence her to a reform school for three years. During a school fight, Gwen runs away and finds Max who has opened another club. Max is reluctant to take her back but due to her desperation, he gives her a job. Gwen soon becomes close to Danny Martin, a regular at the club. One drunken night both are out for a drive when they accidentally hit and kill a police officer. Danny Martin forbids anyone from speaking to the police. However, once Danny is questioned, Gwen flees.Danny later finds Gwen and beats her. Gwen is found and helped by two American soldiers who are AWOL. They decide to band together and become robbers in London. After becoming too well known in London for their crimes, they decide to head to Manchester. As they flag down a car to steal, Gwen realizes that the driver of the car is Red. When her companions realize the two recognize each other, they shoot Red dead. All three are eventually caught for their crimes and Gwen is currently serving fifteen years in prison.At the end of the film, Lyla thanks Miss Thorpe and decides to head home."
The Vampire's Ghost	1	Roy Hendrick (Charles Gordon) returns to the village of Bakunda after a short absence to find that there has been a series of strange murders where each victim was bitten the neck and drained of blood. The local Natives are certain it is the work of a vampire, but Roy, his girlfriend Julie Vance (Peggy Stewart) and her father Thomas Vance (Emmett Vogen) who runs a local plantation do not believe in such superstitious nonsense.They go to see Webb Fallon (John Abbott), a newcomer to the area who runs a nightclub and knows a lot about the occult and the local voodoo customs. It is soon apparent that Fallon is indeed a vampire. A native stabs him with a silver tipped spear, and at this point Fallon tells Roy the truth about himself, making Roy his slave with the curse of the undead. Roy must do his bidding and can not tell anyone the truth about Fallon.Fallon kills Lisa (Adele Mara), a dancer in his club and a troublesome sea Captain named Barrett (Roy Bancroft). Hendrick is helpless to stop him until the local Priest gives him the strength to conquer Fallon's hold on him. Fallon, realizing that everyone is on to him now, take Julie to a nearby Temple of Death where he plans to make her his eternal vampire bride. The heroes race to Temple, stop Fallon in the knick of time and burn the vampire's body in the temple.
Adventures of Tarzan	0	This is is the popular story of Tarzan retold in the Hindi language. Ruby Shetty and her widowed dad live a wealthy lifestyle. Ruby's father often travels to the deep jungles of India in search of a fabled tribe in the Shakabhoomi region. The people who have tried to trace the tribe have never returned. This time Ruby also decides to accompany her dad.Ruby is introduced to a man named D.K. by her dad and he would like her to get married to D.K. Days later, Ruby does a number of misadventures and is rescued by an ape-like man called Tarzan and both fall in love. Tarzan does not have experience with the outside world and cannot speak any language well, but he is intrigued by Ruby, annoying D.K.Ruby's dad and D.K plan to capture Tarzan and take him to work for the Apollo Circus, owned by Krishnakant Verma. Tarzan is captured before Tarzan and Ruby's romance could take wing. Tarzan is chained and taken to the circus and made to spend the rest of his days performing various acts, thus leaving D.K. to marry Ruby. Would Tarzan escape from the circus ? Would Ruby agree to marry D.K. ? All these questions are answered in the climax.
Drug War	1	"Fleeing from an explosion at his drug production facility, Choi crashes his car into a restaurant and as he revives he is captured by Captain Zhang Lei. Realizing that he will receive the death penalty for his crimes, he bargains information on his colleagues to survive.First, he introduces Captain Zhang Lei as ""Uncle Bill"", to become a supplier to Haha, who owns a port and can distribute drugs to other countries. Then Captain Zhang Lei poses as Haha to the real ""Uncle Bill"". Then Choi goes to Choi's factory where he meets with two mute brothers, his employees. Choi plants recording devices in his factory, setting up everyone in it. Then they set up the real Haha with the real Uncle Bill. However, an attempt to capture the mute brothers at the factory fails, and they escape through a hidden tunnel.Captain Zhang is livid at Choi for withholding information about the secret exit, which a cost of the lives of several police team members. Choi pleads for a second chance as ""Uncle Bill"" is really just a front for seven other powerful Hong Kong gangsters whom he did not wish to rat out because 2 of them are his relatives: one his brother, the other is his godfather.The next day, Captain Zhang poses as Haha again and meets with ""Uncle Bill"". They negotiate a deal to distribute drugs using Haha's port, while Choi identifies the 7 gangster bosses. Later they discuss terms of the deal at a nightclub, where Captain Zhang, posing as Haha, accuses ""Uncle Bill"" of being a cop, pretending to be infuriated, then leaving. The big 7 then confront him in the parking garage, revealing their identities and confirming their business relationship.On the day after that, Choi leads the big 7 and their entourage to the port, but instead pulls the entourage in front of a primary school as parents and children are arriving for the day. Choi removes his wires and reveals to the big 7 that he has ratted them out and they are surrounded by cops. Realizing that something has gone wrong, Captain Zhang and his officers close in. A shootout ensues, and nearly all of the gangsters, along with several officers, are killed. Choi escapes in a school bus. However, he crashes into the escaping mute brothers as they are fleeing, believing that Choi has ratted them out. Another shootout takes place. Captain Zhang, wounded, arrives with several other wounded comrades to stop Choi. They are all killed by Choi, but Captain Zhang is able to handcuff himself to Choi's leg before he dies. Choi is then captured by SWAT reinforcements before he can escape.The film ends with Choi begging, to no avail, for another chance to live by trading more information on other gangsters before he is killed by lethal injection."
Phool Aur Angaar	1	"Vijay Saxena lives a middle-class lifestyle along with his college-going sister, Sweety, in a small town in India. He gets a job as a Professor at the City College, where he meets with Sweety's friend, Sudha Verma, and both fall in love with each other. When a student, Adhikari, attempts to molest Sudha, Vijay comes to her rescue, only to subsequently apologize to Adhikari when Sudha retracts her testimony and ends up blaming Vijay for molesting her. Later Vijay finds out that Adhikari and some goons had threatened to harm Sudha's younger sister, and the duo resume their romance. With the help of Inspector Arjun Singh, Vijay is able to get Kalicharan, the son of gangster don, Natwarlal, arrested and held in a cell, much to the chagrin of Natwarlal. Arjun gets killed, Sweety witnesses his death, and takes Inspector Arvind Phadke to the murder scene, but Arjun's body is missing. Subsequently, Sweety is molested and killed. Inspector Arvind Phadke arrests Vijay for molesting his sister. Watch what happens during the trial amidst Vijay's pleas that he is not guilty of this heinous crime.It has two beautiful songs ""Chori Chori Dil Tera"" and ""Hum Teri Mohabbat Mein"", which help run the film well at the box office."
Assassination Classroom: Graduation	1	"It has been six months since the start of senior year, and yet the Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka High School has not been able to assassinate their tentacled teacher, Koro-sensei, who will blow up the Earth on graduation day. Due to the school festival to be held, assistant teacher Tadaomi Karasuma instructs the class to give all they got, since Koro-sensei will be distracted, making him an easy target of killing. Karasuma also insists that the class should assassinate Koro-sensei before the government-sponsored assassin Red Eye do the same. However, neither the students nor Red Eye are ultimately able to do the task, and Koro-sensei even convinces Red Eye to give up his job for the sake of his students.At the end of the school festival, Kaede Kayano catches Koro-sensei off guard and begins her assault by revealing her tentacles. She reveals her true identity to be a child actress named Akari Yukimura and the younger sister of Aguri, the class' former teacher and the one whom Koro-sensei promised to teach the class for. She wants to take revenge against Koro-sensei for having supposedly killed her sister. Knowing that the experimental tentacles she wears is taxing her life force, Nagisa Shiota manages to calm her down. He distracts her with a kiss and disables the tentacles.Koro-sensei then tells the class about his past: as a human, he was an assassin known as ""the Reaper"". Due to his strength and intelligence, two years ago, a rogue organization led by Dr. Kōtarō Yanagisawa took him as a second guinea pig (a mouse being used as the first) for the testing of a chemical capable of stimulating growth in plants. The Reaper was supervised by Yanagisawa's fiancée, Aguri, with whom he developed a close relationship, especially after she revealed her circumstances as a teacher. When Yanagisawa found out that the mouse tested on the Moon had destroyed it, he ordered the disposal of the Reaper before he could do the same to the Earth. Aguri prevented the execution but was mortally injured and died in the Reaper's arms; this action pulled the Reaper from succumbing to the madness his experimentation caused, leading him to make a vow to teach Class 3-E.Nagisa decides to find an alternative besides killing Koro-sensei after hearing the story. Having to deal with several opponents, Karma Akabane included, on the plan, he compromises it by saying that should the plan fail, he will kill Koro-sensei himself. The class begin to work on an antidote mapped by a file Nagisa, Karma and Itona steal from Yanagisawa's labs. However, the government has planned to use a laser ignited by a satellite as a last resort to kill Koro-sensei. The government agents kidnap the class, but they manage to escape with the help of Karasuma and Irina Jelavić.However, to their dismay, the class find out that they have been tricked by Yanagisawa, as the stolen file was faked. Yanagisawa proceeds to inject artificial tentacles, transforming himself into a monstrous being. Seeing him easily defeating Koro-sensei, Akari attempts to defend him, only to get injured in the process. Angered of having to see a repeat of the tragedy two years before, Koro-sensei creates a bomb that obliterates Yanagisawa. He does a surgery that heals Akari, having developed it since his failure in saving Aguri, then tells the class that they should kill him soon. In tears, Nagisa volunteers for the task.Several years later, Nagisa has become a teacher in a school for delinquents. A delinquent tries to intimidate him, which Nagisa responds by silently threatening him."
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides	2	"This film's story occurs in 1750, set roughly sixteen years after At World's End (and six after its post-credits scene)After a failed attempt to rescue his first mate, Joshamee Gibbs, in London, Captain Jack Sparrow is brought before King George II. The king wants Jack to guide an expedition to the Fountain of Youth before King Ferdinand and the Spanish Navy can locate it. Jack's old nemesis, Captain Hector Barbossa, now a privateer in service to the British Navy after losing his leg and ship, the Black Pearl, which he says was sunk, is heading the expedition.Jack refuses the offer and escapes. He meets up with his father, Captain Teague, who warns Jack about the Fountain's rituals. Jack learns someone is impersonating him to recruit a crew to find the Fountain. The impostor is Angelica, Jack's former lover, and the daughter of the ruthless pirate Blackbeard, who practices voodoo magic and wields the mythical ""Sword of Triton"" that controls his ship, the Queen Anne's Revenge. While Jack is shanghaied aboard Blackbeard's ship, Gibbs escapes execution by memorizing and destroying Jack's map showing the Fountain's location, forcing Barbossa to take him along.Meanwhile, after a failed mutiny aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge, Jack is forced to guide the crew to the Fountain. Blackbeard seeks the Fountain's power to circumvent his predestined fatal encounter with a ""one-legged man"", who happened to be Barbossa. Jack must find two silver chalices aboard Juan Ponce de León's missing flagship, the Santiago. The Fountain's water must simultaneously be drunk by two people from the chalices. Drinking from one chalice containing a mermaid's tear will extend life; the second person dies, their remaining years of life transferred to the other drinker. Jack also discovers that the Black Pearl was captured and shrunk before being added to Blackbeard's collection of other shrunken ships in bottles.The Queen Anne's Revenge heads for Whitecap Bay to find and harvest mermaid tears. After managing to lure in a mermaid named Tamara, she summons other mermaids to attack the crew before Jack causes an explosion that scares them away. A mermaid named Syrena is caught, but Philip Swift, a captive missionary, falls in love with her. Reaching Ponce de León's ship on an uncharted island, Angelica and Blackbeard coerce Jack into retrieving both chalices. Jack locates the grounded, decaying vessel, only to find Barbossa there. Both guess that the Spanish have taken the chalices, after they are nowhere to be found on the vessel.Jack and Barbossa team up to sneak into the Spanish camp and steal the chalices. Barbossa reveals he only wants revenge against Blackbeard for attacking the Black Pearl, and his leg being amputated. Jack and Barbossa escape with the chalices. Meanwhile, Syrena, reciprocating Philip's love, is tricked into shedding a tear. Blackbeard collects it, leaving her to die of dehydration while Philip is forced to go with them. Jack returns with the chalices and bargains with Blackbeard for Angelica's safety, Jack's confiscated magical compass (which they took from him before sending him to get the chalices), and Gibbs' release. In return, Jack vows to give Blackbeard the chalices and lead him to the Fountain; Blackbeard agrees, and Gibbs is set free with the compass.At the Fountain, Blackbeard's crew is confronted by Barbossa and his men and they battle while Barbossa and Blackbeard fight. The Spanish suddenly arrive, intending to destroy the Fountain, believing its power an abomination against God. They crush the chalices and throw them in the swamp. When Barbossa stabs Blackbeard with a poisoned sword, Angelica pulls it out but is cut and poisoned. Jack notices Angelica is poisoned and begins frantically searching the swamp for the chalices. Barbossa obtains Blackbeard's magic sword and gains control of the Queen Anne's Revenge and her crew. Despite resistance from Blackbeard's crew, the Spanish successfully pull down a pillar, crushing the Fountain of Youth. The Spanish army leaves once the fountain is in ruins. Philip is mortally wounded, but he returns to free Syrena. She helps Jack retrieve the missing chalices and gives them to him, telling him not to waste her tear. Syrena goes back to the dying Philip. She says she can save him if he asks her to. When he asks for her forgiveness, she kisses him and takes him underwater.With Blackbeard and Angelica both nearing death, Jack retrieves the last remaining drops of water from the destroyed fountain and puts the tear in one of them. Knowing that one of them must be sacrificed, he wants Angelica to drink from the chalice containing the tear. Instead, Blackbeard drinks it, asking his daughter to save him. Angelica agrees and drinks from the second chalice. Jack is upset to lose Angelica, but reveals that he made a mistake about which chalice contained the tear. Neither of the two are happy, and they both believe Jack deliberately tricked them. Angelica's wounds are healed as the Fountain fatally consumes Blackbeard's body, killing him.Eventually, Jack and Angelica admit their love for each other, yet he distrusts her intentions (aware that she may try to avenge her father) and strands her on a cay. Now wielding Blackbeard's magical sword, Barbossa captains the Queen Anne's Revenge and returns to piracy. Jack finds Gibbs, who had used the compass to locate the Revenge. He reclaims the shrunken Black Pearl and the other conquered ships in bottles, carrying them in a gunny sack. The two leave, hoping to revert the Black Pearl to its original size and continue living the pirates' life.In a post-credits scene, a voodoo doll of Jack crafted by Blackbeard washes ashore and is found by Angelica, who then smiles."
The Whispering Chorus	1	As described in a film magazine,[2] John Tremble (Hatton), cashier in a contracting concern, succumbs to temptation and steals $1000 from his employer. He runs away and hides when he begins to fear detection to an isolated island where he becomes a bit of human driftwood. While fishing he finds the body of a dead man and, listening to the voice of evil, he exchanges clothes and then mutilates the head of the corpse. The finding of the body is reported to his family and he begins life anew. The police continue to search for the murderer and Tremble is finally brought to trial. Meanwhile, Jane Tremble (Williams), his former wife, has become the wife of the governor and does not recognize John Tremble when she sees him in court. After a dramatic trial, John Tremble is found guilty of his own murder, and nobly meets death in the electric chair rather than bring unhappiness to his former wife.
Keeping Mum	2	In the opening scene, as young pregnant Rosie Jones (Emilia Fox) rides on a train, her very large suitcase starts leaking blood. When questioned by the police about the two dismembered bodies found inside, she calmly reveals that they are of her unfaithful husband and his mistress. She is then sentenced by the judge (Roger Hammond) to a secure unit for the criminally insane for manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.Forty-three years later, in the village of Little Wallop, Walter Goodfellow, the vicar (Rowan Atkinson) is very busy writing the perfect sermon for a convention, having no idea about the problems in his house. They include the unfulfilled emotional needs of his wife Gloria, (Kristin Scott Thomas) who subsequently starts an affair with her golf instructor, Lance (Patrick Swayze); the sexual desires and growing maturity of his teenage daughter, Holly (Tamsin Egerton) who is constantly finding new boyfriends; and son, Petey (Toby Parkes) who is being bullied at school. Then, everything changes with the arrival of the new housekeeper, Grace (Maggie Smith).Grace becomes entrenched in the life of the family and begins to learn about the problems in the house: the neighbour, Mr. Brown's dog Jack Russell terrier, Clarence, who consistently disturbs Gloria's sleep by his nuisance barking; the bullying of Petey; and Gloria and Lance's affair. Grace commits to solving the problems in her own way.She kills Clarence, and when Mr. Brown finds out that his dog has been murdered (after long assuming he had run off), she kills him, too. She sabotages the brakes on the bullies' bicycles, injuring one of them, thereby making Petey very happy. After catching the golf instructor outside the house videotaping Holly undressing one night, she kills him with an iron.While Walter is preparing his sermon for the conference, Grace introduces him to humour and suggests adding it to his preaching method. Further, she discovers that he has let his relationship with his wife slide on account of his devotion to God, and she teaches him that he can love his wife as well as God by drawing his attention to the erotic references in the Song of Solomon. As the problems in the household seem to gradually clear, Walter leaves for his convention.Grace’s habits are discovered when Gloria and Holly see her picture on television in a news story mentioning her release and previous offences. It is then that Grace reveals that she is Gloria's long-lost mother, Rosie Jones, explaining why she came to Little Wallop in the first place[further explanation needed]. After briefly processing the influx of information, Gloria argues and attempts to explain that when having a problem with someone, one cannot just kill them. Grace remarks that this is the one thing she and her doctors could never agree on. Despite their disagreements, Gloria tries to help Grace with Lance's body, but cannot handle it. Over a cup of tea, the three women decide not to tell Walter or Petey any of what has happened.When nagging congregant, Mrs. Parker (Liz Smith) comes over to discuss the problem of the “church flower arranging committee”, Grace, under the false (and likely paranoia-induced) impression that Mrs. Parker is about to turn them in for their crimes, attempts to hit her over the head with a frying pan, but is prevented by Gloria. Mrs. Parker, shocked by the attempt to murder her, ironically has a heart attack and dies. Walter returns from the convention just then and sees Mrs. Parker's body, but doesn't realise she is dead. Soon after this, Grace leaves the family when order is seemingly restored among the family.At the end of the film, Walter talks to Bob and Ted, the water works employees, about the pond at the Vicar's house. They say that there is too much algae and the pond needs to be drained. Remembering that Grace has disposed of her victims in the pond, Gloria, with a disturbingly cheerful expression, offers the two men some tea. The film closes with an underwater shot depicting the bodies that had been placed in the pond, including the recently added bodies of Bob and Ted.
Rhubarb	1	"Thaddeus J. Banner (Gene Lockhart), a lonely, eccentric millionaire who owns a baseball team, the Brooklyn Loons, takes a liking to a dog-chasing stray cat (played by Orangey), and takes him into his home. He names the cat ""Rhubarb,"" which is baseball slang for an on-field argument or fight.When the man dies, it is discovered that his last will and testament made Rhubarb his sole beneficiary; hence the cat inherits the baseball team. Team publicist Eric Yeager (Ray Milland) is named the cat's guardian. His fiancée Polly Sickles (Jan Sterling), daughter of the team's manager (William Frawley), is terribly allergic to Rhubarb, causing many problems.Banner's unhappy daughter Myra (Elsie Holmes) files a lawsuit, contesting the will. And when the team's players discover they are owned by a cat, they stage a protest until Yeager persuades them that Rhubarb brings them luck.Brooklyn begins winning and will play the powerful New York team for the championship. But a bookie who stands to lose big if Brooklyn wins decides to kidnap the cat. Brooklyn's fortunes turn for the worse while the search for Rhubarb goes on, until the cat finally escapes from his captors and races to the ballpark to save the day."
Open Secret	0	Newlyweds Paul Lester (Ireland) and his wife Nancy (Randolph) are invited to visit Paul's friend Ed Stevens. They arrive to find Stevens gone and a mysterious phone call gets Paul to the other end of town. While he's away, Nancy is assaulted by a would-be burglar. Paul thinks there's something more going on than a missing persons case or a burglary and tries to interest Police Detective Frontelli (Leonard) in looking into it, but Frontelli is initially skeptical. When Stevens turns up under the wheels of a truck along with evidence tying him to an earlier hit-and-run murder, Paul is certain that there's some kind of organized conspiracy afoot. What he finds is a town slowly coming under siege from a secret band of anti-Semitic thugs masquerading as a patriotic organization, with whom Stevens had been involved and tried to quit. Paul and Nancy's situation goes from bad to dangerous when they accidentally stumble upon evidence that could hang the murderers.
Tom at the Farm (Tom à la ferme)	1	When his boyfriend Guillaume dies at 25, Tom, a youthful advertising editor from Montreal, visits Guillaume's rural community to deliver a eulogy at the funeral. He meets Guillaume's mother Agathe Longchamp, who does not know Guillaume was gay and that Tom was his lover. When Tom agrees to stay at the farm house, he is surprised when Agathe tells him Guillaume has a brother, Francis. Later that night, Tom is awakened by Francis, who menacingly says he knew Tom would come, and tells him to give an agreeable eulogy and not to posthumously out Guillaume, to please Agathe. At the funeral, Tom belatedly decides not to speak, and music is played instead. Francis afterwards confronts Tom in a bathroom stall about the mishap. At the farm home, Tom tells Agathe he made his decision because he was dissatisfied with the writing quality of his eulogy. Agathe knows Guillaume had a lover, but believes it was a young woman, Guillaume and Tom's co-worker Sarah. Tom reads his eulogy on the pretense that Sarah wrote it, and makes hints at Sarah's sexual habits.Although the funeral has passed, Tom remains at the farm and begins helping Francis with the chores, particularly milking and calving. Francis remains intense towards him, although they dance in the barn, and Francis tells Agathe they named a calf Bitch Ass, in Tom's honour. One night, Francis arrives at the farm house and is surprised to find Sarah with Agathe. When alone with Sarah, Francis deduces Tom has contacted her and persuaded her to come to the farm and pose as Guillaume's girlfriend, attacking and making threatening sexual advances on her. Sarah meets with Tom, who says the farm feels real to him and that his work is needed. Sarah tells him Guillaume had numerous affairs, including with her, and complains about Francis. The group meets in the living room, where Agathe becomes overwhelmed with questions about Sarah's apparent lack of grief, why Guillaume fell out with the family and who was with Guillaume when he died.Tom visits the local bar, where he strikes a conversation with the bartender. When Tom mentions he is staying at the Longchamp farm, the bartender informs him Francis is banned from the establishment. Years ago, Francis and Guillaume were at the bar with another man. When the young man dancing with Guillaume told Francis he had something to say about Guillaume, Francis viciously assaulted him, tearing into his face with his hands. The young man afterwards disappeared, rumoured to be living in another village. After being chased by Francis and leaving the community, Tom spots a man at a service station with facial scars matching the bartender's described attack.
Fidaa	1	Varun(Varun Tej) is a non-resident Indian who lives in Texas, United States of America with his elder brother Raju (Raja Chembolu) and adopted, younger brother Bujji (Aryan). He is a medical student aiming to become a neurosurgeon. Varun comes to India along with his younger brother for Raju's marriage to Renuka (Sharanya Pradeep), whose family hails from Banswada in Telangana. There he meets Bhanumathi (Sai Pallavi), Renuka's younger sister. Bhanu is a beautiful and naughty girl who doesn't want to feel secondary to anyone. Gradually Varun and Bhanu develop a liking for each other but don't express it. Bhanu loves her father very dearly and doesn't believe in leaving him after her marriage. One day, she overhears Varun talking to his cousin Shailu (Manisha Eerabathini) about the opportunities in USA compared to India which he deems unfit for settling. Disheartened, Bhanu decides to forget Varun and her feelings for him and starts to ignore him. After his brother's marriage Varun returns to USA but can't stop remembering Bhanu all the time. Hence decides to confess his love to her. But Bhanumathi gives him a rude answer which enrages Varun widening the rift between them even further. Bhanu finally agrees to marry a man of her father's choice but realizes she isn't comfortable with him even before marriage.Meanwhile, Renuka becomes pregnant and is advised bed rest by the doctors. Bhanu is sent to USA by her father to help Renuka cope up with the pregnancy. Varun starts being inconsiderate to Bhanu during her stay with them. This disturbs Bhanu and an argument takes place between them after which she decides to leave for India in a week. Before leaving, Bhanu decides to visit her friend in USA and Varun is asked to drop Bhanu at her friend's place. On the way, both make amends and decide to stay as good friends. During the course of their journey, both start rediscovering their feelings for each other. Before leaving at the airport, Bhanu runs to Varun and hugs him with tearful eyes. Varun understands that Bhanu still loves him and goes to India to ask her hand in marriage. Bhanu's father advises her to follow her heart and marry Varun instead of the man he chose to which she agrees. Though she is happy that she is getting married to Varun, she is apprehensive about leaving her father and her village. After the wedding ceremony, Bhanu starts packing her luggage to leave for the USA. Renuka then tells her the truth that Varun actually gave up his life in USA and decided to settle in her village. Overjoyed, Bhanu runs to Varun and asks him how he could do this to which he answers that where ever she is, it is his world because he loves her a lot. Varun later decides to establish a hospital in the village and both of them live happily ever after.
Disraeli	1	As described in a film magazine,[3] Disraeli (Arliss), a middle class Jew, has become the British Prime Minister under Queen Victoria and incurs the enmity of nobles and racist snobs. He knows that Russia is angling through diplomacy and intrigue for possession of the Suez Canal and, realizing that unless Britain secures it, the strength of her empire will be lost. He plays a lone game for control of the canal and wins. In his final hour of honor at court, those who stood against him claim the honor of having helped him.
Abhimanyu	0	The film tells the story of the Pandava prince Abhimanyu.
London After Midnight	2	In a cultured and peaceful home on the outskirts of London,[9] the head of the household, Sir Roger Balfour, is found dead from what initially appears to be a self-inflicted bullet wound, despite the insistence of Balfour's friend and neighbour, Sir James Hamlin, that his old friend would never have taken his own life. Nonetheless, Balfour's death is officially declared a suicide by Inspector Edward C. Burke of Scotland Yard.[9][10][11]Five years later, with the case still unresolved, a sinister-looking man with pointed teeth wearing a Beaver-skin top hat, arrives at the household accompanied by a cadaverous-looking woman in a long gown; the arrival of these two individuals prompts Sir James Hamlin, the friend and neighbour of the late Roger Balfour, to call Scotland Yard. This in turn prompts Inspector Burke to travel to the household, where he discovers that three individuals now present in the household had been the only three who had been present five years previously when Roger Balfour had died. Initially, Burke remains sceptical that any of these three individuals (Balfour's daughter, Lucille, his butler Williams, and Arthur Hibbs,[12] the nephew/secretary of the neighbour who had placed the call to Scotland Yard) may have been involved in his murder, until Balfour's body disappears from its tomb and an individual looking distinctly like him is seen around the old Balfour estate. This, in addition to other eerie acts such as instances of singular gunshots being heard in Roger Balfour's former bedroom occurring in the household while Burke is there and the sinister-looking Man in the Beaver Hat repeatedly terrifying those within the household, prompts him to determine to identify Balfour's killer by reproducing the former crime scene and using hypnosis to induce the culprit into re-enacting the murder.[10][11][13][13][13][13]
Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings	0	"In 1958 in Ferren Woods, a small backwater town, an old blind witch, Ms. Osie, feeds a deformed orphan named Tommy; he is the offspring of Pumpkinhead. As Tommy eats, a car of six teens pull up and notice him. Convinced that he is some demonic monster, they chase him with switchblade knives and baseball bats; eventually, they corner him at an old iron mine, where they bludgeon him and drop him down into the mine, killing him.Thirty-five years later, Sheriff Sean Braddock, his wife, and his daughter Jenny have come into town. Sean grew up in Ferren Woods and returned when offered a job as the local sheriff. Jenny has often gotten herself into a lot of trouble with the law, especially with her father, who was once a police officer.At school, Jenny meets a group of wild kids, one of whom is Daniel ""Danny"" Dixon, whose dad was one of the teens who had taken part in Tommy's murder 35 years ago and has since become the town judge. The teens sneak off one night and pilfer Sean's car. Danny inadvertently hits Ms. Osie, and when they go to her cabin to check on her, they find a spellbook and vials of blood, which she is planning to use to resurrect Tommy. After Ms. Osie catches them, she orders them out. Danny knocks her down and escapes with a vial of blood.Danny and his friends attempt to resurrect Tommy's corpse. Jenny notices Ms. Osie's cabin on fire and Danny and his friends flee. Ms. Osie is badly burnt and ends up in the hospital. Unbeknownst to Danny and his friends, the spell they'd attempted worked, resurrecting Tommy in the form of Pumpkinhead. Soon, Judge Dixon's friends begin to meet grisly deaths.Jenny's father investigates and begins to come to terms with the fact that Tommy is responsible for the murders. Ms. Osie dies, but not before revealing to Sean some clues. Sean discovers the connection between the victims and Pumpkinhead, realizing that the judge is next.Judge Dixon calls his posse to assist him in killing whatever is murdering his friends. Before they can arrive however, Pumpkinhead brutally murders Judge Dixon. Now that Tommy has avenged his own death, he begins going after Danny and his friends (for fleeing instead of helping Ms. Osie). Sean and the town doctor go into the woods to find Jenny. By this time, Pumpkinhead (Tommy) has murdered Danny and his 3 friends.He then chases Jenny to the iron mine. Since Sean had saved his life years earlier as a boy, and because Jenny was innocent of hurting Ms. Osie, Tommy allows Jenny to step down to her father safe and sound. However, the judge's posse arrives and shoots Tommy back into the mine, where he had died 35 years earlier. Jenny later apologizes to her father for all the trouble she caused. Just then, Sean finds an old toy fire truck near the mineshaft that he gave to Tommy as a gift for saving his life."
Mikey and Nicky	0	When Nicky (John Cassavetes) calls Mikey (Peter Falk) yet again to bail him out of trouble—this time a contract on his life for money he stole from his mob boss—Mikey, as always, shows up to help. Overcoming the obstacles of Nicky's paranoia and blind fear, Mikey gets him out of the hotel where he has holed up, and starts to help him plan his escape, but Nicky keeps changing the plan, and a hit man is hot on their trail. As they try to make their escape, the two friends have to confront issues of betrayal, regret, and the value of friendship versus self-preservation.
Vallavan Oruvan	2	On an investigation regarding arson crimes, a C.I.D officer is shot dead. C.I.D Shankar(Jaishankar) is brought into investigation on the death of his colleague. He quickly unravels the mystery behind his colleague's death and the mastermind behind the incendiary crimes. Will C.I.D Shankar be able to wipe out these terrorists.This film is loosely based on the 1964 classic French movie Banco à Bangkok pour OSS 117.Some scenes were based on 1962 Sean Connery movies From Russia with Love and Dr. No with a few romantic interludes. This film was a box office hit and earned Jaishankar a nickname Thenagathu James Bond. The success of this movie, led to a sequel named CID Shankar in 1970.The song 'palinginal oru maligai' was based on Artie Shaw - Frenesi 1956 track who's link is below along with the link for the trailer.CID Shankar 1970 had a scene in its title sequence in which a politician is killed by a suicide bomber who explodes her explosive belt. CID Shankar is loosely based on Furia à Bahia pour OSS 117 1965
Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man	2	"Lou Francis (Lou Costello) and Bud Alexander (Bud Abbott) have just graduated from a private detective school. Tommy Nelson (Arthur Franz), a middleweight boxer, comes to them with their first case. Tommy recently escaped from jail after being accused of murdering his manager, and asks the duo to accompany him on a visit to his fiancée, Helen Gray (Nancy Guild). He wants her uncle, Dr. Philip Gray (Gavin Muir), to inject him with a special serum he has developed which will render Tommy invisible, and hopes to use the newfound invisibility to investigate his manager's murder and prove his innocence. Dr. Gray adamantly refuses, arguing that the serum is still unstable, recalling that the formula's discoverer, John Griffin, was driven insane by the formula and did not become visible again until after he was killed. However, as the police arrive Tommy injects himself with it and successfully becomes invisible. Detective Roberts (William Frawley) questions Dr. Gray and Helen while Bud and Lou search for Tommy.Helen and Tommy convince Bud and Lou to help them seek the real killer, after Tommy explains that the motive for the murder occurred after he refused to ""throw"" a fight, knocking his opponent, Rocky Hanlon (John Day), out cold. Morgan (Sheldon Leonard), the promoter who fixed the fight, ordered Tommy's manager beaten to death while framing Tommy for the crime. In order to investigate undercover, Lou poses as a boxer, with Bud as his manager. They go to Stillwell's gym, where Lou gets in the ring with Rocky. Tommy, still invisible, gets into the ring with them and again knocks out Hanlon, making it look like Lou did it, and an official match is arranged. Morgan urges Lou to throw the fight, but when the match occurs (with the aid of an invisible Tommy), poor Hanlon is knocked out yet again. Morgan plans Bud's murder, which is thwarted by Tommy, who unfortunately is wounded in the battle and begins to bleed badly. The protagonists rush to the hospital where a blood transfusion is arranged between Lou and Tommy. During the transfusion Tommy becomes visible again. Unfortunately, some of Tommy's blood has apparently entered Lou, who briefly turns invisible, only to reappear with his legs inexplicably on backwards."
Dolls	2	"The film features three primary sets of characters, each within their own distinct story:These stories do have some incidental visual cross-over with each other in the film, but are mostly separate. The first story is the one on which the film centers. The film leads into it by opening with a performance of Bunraku theatre, and closes with a shot of dolls from the same. The performance is that of ""The Courier for Hell"" by Chikamatsu Monzaemon, and it alludes to themes that reappear later in the film. Because the rest of the film itself (as Kitano himself has said) can be treated as Bunraku in film form, the film is quite symbolic. In some cases, it is not clear whether a particular scene is meant to be taken literally. The film is also not in strict chronological order, but there is a strong visual emphasis on the changing of the seasons and the bonds of love over the progression of time (Matsumoto and Sawako spend most of the film physically connected by a red rope)."
Grand Prix	0	A racing car driver accidentally kills his fiancee's father.
The Paleface	0	"Peter ""Painless"" Potter (Bob Hope) is a dentist of doubtful competence. Out west, after the partner of Calamity Jane (Jane Russell) is killed while trying to discover who's been illegally selling guns to Indians, the cowardly Painless ends up married to Jane, who needs to keep her true identity a secret.One day while protecting everyone during a hold-up, Jane gives all the credit to Painless, who becomes the townsfolk's ""brave"" new hero."
Set It Off	1	"Francesca ""Frankie"" Sutton is a Los Angeles bank teller who witnesses a robbery. Although she had no prior knowledge of the robbery, the bank fires Frankie after the police uncover a connection between her and one of the three robbers. Frankie goes to work at Luther's Janitorial Services with her three best friends, Lida ""Stoney"" Newsome, Cleopatra ""Cleo"" Sims, and Tisean ""T.T."" Williams. Luther treats them with disrespect and pays them paltry wages. Cleo states that they should rob a bank themselves. Frankie agrees, but Stoney and T.T. are reluctant. However, when Stoney's younger brother is gunned down by the police in a case of mistaken identity and T.T.'s son is taken away from her by Child Protective Services because she cannot afford to take care of him, they too now have the motivation to join the robbery.The four women embark on a series of bank robberies, which are investigated by LAPD detective Strode. He suspects that Cleo (because of her prior convictions), Frankie (because of her inadvertent connection to the earlier robbery and subsequent firing) and Stoney (because of her brother's death) are involved. But his superior refuses to allow him to bring them in for questioning because he doesn't feel the evidence is sufficient. The four women stash the money in an air vent at one of their work sites. However, when Cleo, Frankie, and T.T. show up for work one day and find a new boss in charge, they quickly realize that Luther has discovered the money and fled with it. While Stoney attends a banking event with her lover Keith, the three women track Luther to a motel where he is sleeping with a prostitute and demand the return of their money. When Luther pulls a gun on Cleo, T.T. kills him in self-defense. The next day Detective Strode takes Cleo to the police station to participate in a lineup. A glare from Cleo intimidates the prostitute into silence. Frankie and Cleo persuade T.T. and Stoney that they need to rob another bank and leave town the next day.The women rob the bank where Keith, Stoney's lover works. Strode and his partner try to prevent the robbery, but a bank security guard shoots T.T. A shootout ensues as Stoney shoots the guard, and an enraged Cleo opens fire on the detectives. T.T. dies in Stoney's arms en route to the hospital. The three remaining women decide to split up and meet up later.The police find Cleo who proceeds to lead them on a high speed chase. After her car is shot up by police, Cleo leaps from her car in one final battle for her dignity, firing her gun, and is shot down by the police. Frankie is found a short time later. Strode tries to get her to surrender, but when she runs away, she is shot in the back and killed. Stoney tearfully watches this from a passing bus. Strode sees her from a distance but lets her go, realizing he was the reason she and her friends did what they did.In Mexico, Stoney mourns the losses of her friends and brother, and calls Keith to assure him that she is all right and thanks him. Keith hangs up the phone and smiles. After cutting her hair, Stoney is seen driving through the mountains with the stolen money from the robberies on tow."
Undoing	1	After a mysterious year-long absence, Samuel Kim (Sung Kang) returns to Los Angeles determined to find redemption from the past. His mentor and only friend, Don Osa (Tom Bower), is a retired gangster with a parallel desire to leave the former world behind. But as Sam tries to balance revenge with reconciliation, he is drawn back to the shadowy world he left behind.The story unfolds as we learn about the night, a year ago, when Sam and Joon (Leonardo Nam) meet for a joyride through Koreatown. Joon has more serious plans for the evening, but they soon go terribly wrong, leaving Sam alone and lost in a world he desperately wants to escape.A year later, Sam returns to the scene of the crime, and with Don’s help, finishes what he should have done a year ago. But just as things appear to be resolved, we find out that Sam came back not only to avenge Joon’s death, but also to win back his love, Vera (Kelly Hu). Sam locates Vera working as a waitress/bar manager at the Red Room, and they’re suddenly thrown back into their impossible desires for each other; two people who seem hopelessly isolated from the world around them and from each other.Abandoned a year ago, Vera resents Samuel and now finds herself deep in debt and also emotionally entangled with the owner of the Red Room, Randall (Jose Zuniga). With no family and no outside resources, Sam must return to the Koreatown streets of his past in attempt to settle Vera’s obligations, as well as his own debts to the past. His reckless naiveté leads him to hustle a corrupt, veteran police detective named Kasawa (Mary Mara). Unbeknownst to others, Kasawa and Sam’s mentor Don share a history in a former generation of inner-city crime.
Bliss	0	Bliss tells the story of a modern and non-traditional family living in Chongqing. Lao Li (He Xingquan) is a once-divorced retired police officer, currently living with his second wife Zhang Xiu'e (Guan Jiangge). Lao Li's first wife ran off years ago, forcing him to raise his son, Jianjun alone.Jianjun (Liao Zhong), now a grown man, has recently married Xiaohong (Wang Lan) and works long hours as a taxi driver. A passive man, Jianjun and Xiaohong's marriage is suffering from his long hours and her resentments. She eventually begins an affair and becomes pregnant, though the father remains a mystery. Jianjun announces that the baby will be born when Xiaohong discovers that her condition was actually a false pregnancy, and that she has actually been diagnosed with uterine cancer.Meanwhile, Xiu'e's son from a previous marriage, the delinquent Xiaolei (Xu Tao) has begun to run with local hoodlums, much to the consternation of his mother and stepfather. Lao Li steps in and gets Xiaolei a job on a trolley-car, where he becomes interested in the pretty coworker, Qian Xue (He Qin). Unfortunately Xiaolei seems unable to escape from his life of petty crime.Into this drama, Lao Li receives an unexpected package, his first wife's ashes. Lao Li must now try to find a suitable burial place for the ashes, all while trying to keep his crumbling family together.
Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger vs. Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie	1	The film begins with the Gokai Galleon being chased by the Super Dimensional Highspeed Ship Dolgiran before crashing into the bay. The Gokaigers (sans Gai, who was sent off to buy dinner for them before this incident) confront the legendary Space Sheriff Gavan, who quickly defeats and apprehends them - despite their protests that the Special Police Dekaranger cleared them of all charges claimed by the Space Empire Zangyack. Retsu Ichijouji delivers his prisoners to Space Police Chief Weeval, who reveals himself as Ashurada, a member of the Zangyack Empire and descendant of Don Horror. After revealing his capture of the Gokaigers as a ploy to expose Chief Weeval's true motives, Retsu frees the crew by remotely unlocking their handcuffs, saving them from the firing squad before telling them to leave the premises. In the midst of the battle, the salute given by Retsu triggers a flashback in Captain Marvelous' mind. The Goujyu Drill arrives at the scene to pick up the Gokaigers while Gavan is captured by Ashurada and his creation Gavan Bootleg before they disappear into Makuu Space.Back aboard the Gokai Galleon, Captain Marvelous reveals that ten years ago, he stowed away in a freight ship that was attacked by the Zangyack Empire. There, he met Retsu, who encouraged him to be brave and jump off the burning stairway into his arms. It is because of this incident that Captain Marvelous is a fearless pirate. Meanwhile, aboard the Gigant Horse, Ashurada explains to Akudos Gill that the blood of Don Horror runs through his veins, and torturing Gavan will stimulate his blood enough to open Makuu Space and consume Earth. After receiving a phone call from Basco Ta Jolokia, the Gokai Galleon crew meet up with the privateer, who tells them that Gavan is locked up on the top floor of Makuu Prison - the worst prison in the universe, and warns them not to go there to rescue the Space Sheriff because no one has escaped in the prison's 2,600-year existence. Shortly after Basco leaves, the crew meet Shiro Akebono and Daigoro Oume, who know Retsu personally (other than the fact that all three men look alike). The two former Super Sentai warriors reveal that the Gokaigers can use the Battle Kenya and Denzi Blue Ranger Keys to open a portal to Makuu Space. Using the two keys, the crew travel to Makuu Space, where they break into Makuu Prison. There, they encounter two unnamed Alienizers, Jerashid, Kegaleshia, Yogostein and Kitaneidas, Shizuka of the Wind and Gekkou of Illusions, Bae, Yatsudenwani and Vancuria, who have been locked up in the prison cells by the Zangyack Empire. The ruckus between the crew and the imprisoned former villains results in a platoon of Gormin Soldiers storming into the ground floor. Gokai Blue and Gokai Silver deal with the platoon while the other Gokaigers race to the top floor and the former villains are released from their cells. Meanwhile, back on Earth, Basco and Sally make their way toward the unguarded Gokai Galleon to steal the Gokai Treanger Box, but they are forced to retreat upon encountering the Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters.Ashurada has Gavan Bootleg activate Makuu City to slow down the Gokaigers' flight to the top floor by sending them to different dimensions. Gokai Yellow and Gokai Green battle and defeat Sneak Brothers Elder & Sister, while Gokai Red and Gokai Pink fend off Monsu Doreiku, Kinggon and Robogorg before Gokai Red reaches the top floor. There, he engages Gavan Bootleg into an intense sword and gun fight. During the fight, Captain Marvelous uses his Gokai Gun and Gavan Bootleg's Laser Z Beam to fire shots that ricochet off their swords and destroy the shackles on Retsu, freeing the Space Sheriff. After Gokai Red rescues Retsu, the Gokaigers shoot holes on the floors for them to drop back to the ground floor before using the Gokai Galleon Buster to destroy the prison and returning to Earth. Upon their return, they battle Ashurada, Gavan Bootleg and their Zangyack army. Gavan faces and destroys his doppelgänger with the Gavan Dynamic while the Gokaigers finish off Ashurada with the Gokai Blast and Slash Final Wave. Ashurada, however, resurrects himself as a giant, prompting the heroes to summon their mecha. Kanzen Gokaioh docks with Electronic Starbeast Dol and both mecha weaken Ashurada with the Dol Gokai Fire before Gavan and Gokai Red destroy him once and for all with the Gavan Marvelous Dynamic.Before the crew and Retsu bid farewell to each other, Retsu is reunited with Shiro and Daigoro when a voice in the sky asks the three veteran heroes to demonstrate their transformation poses to the crew. With Shiro and Daigoro borrowing their respective Ranger Keys, the trio transform into their heroic forms, prompting Gai to run to them and ask for their autographs.[5]
The Man Who Finally Died	0	Joe Newman formerly Joachim Deutsch returns to his small hometown in Bavaria, after living in England since the outbreak of World War II. He seeks information of what has become of his father. He finds out that his father is dead, but that he escaped from behind the Iron Curtain and went to live with a certain Dr. von Brecht, and that he later married a woman named Lisa. Everywhere Joe turns to find answers people, including Police Inspector Hofmeister and insurance agent Brenner, are reluctant to talk and give more details concerning the circumstances surrounding his father, and Joe begins to suspect that this is a cover-up and that the people want to keep certain facts regarding his father a secret. Joe breaks into von Brecht's home and finds an old man in the attic. He is knocked unconscious before he can learn the old man's identity. When he regains consciousness, Joe sees the old man being driven away by von Brecht, Brenner, and Lisa. Joe tracks them to a railway station and discovers that the man is a renowned scientist who was forced to switch places with his father just before the father's death. Following a battle with Brenner, Joe rescues the scientist from being abducted to the East and helps him escape the country.[2]
Smoke Signals	1	"Victor Joseph (Adam Beach) and Thomas Builds-the-Fire (Evan Adams) live on the Coeur D'Alene Indian Reservation in Plummer, Idaho. Thomas is an eccentric storyteller and Victor is an angry young man who enjoys playing basketball.Victor and Thomas are brought together through Victor's father, Arnold (Gary Farmer). Arnold rescued Thomas as an infant from a house fire that killed his parents. Because of this, Thomas considers him a hero. On the other hand, Victor, who endures Arnold's alcoholism, domestic violence, and eventual child abandonment, regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment. Thomas and Victor grow up together as neighbors and acquaintances, fighting with each other and simultaneously forming a close, albeit uneasy, alliance.When Arnold dies in Phoenix, Arizona, where he has stayed after leaving Victor and his mother Arlene (Tantoo Cardinal), Victor and Thomas go on an adventure to retrieve his ashes. The trip is the means for Victor and Thomas to explore their identities. Neither of them loses sight of his identity as an ""Indian,"" but their perspectives differ. Victor is more stoic and Thomas is more traditional (and romantic to the point of watching the feature film Dances with Wolves countless times). Their dichotomy is portrayed all through the film; it results in Victor being irritated with Thomas, and Thomas being fascinated with Victor.Once they reach Phoenix, Victor has to confront his conflicted feelings about his father, as well as his own identity. He has to grapple with a new account of Thomas's parents' death, as told by his father's friend, Suzy Song (Irene Bedard). She says that a drunken Arnold set off fireworks, accidentally starting the fire that cost Thomas his parents. The road trip by the young men leads to Thomas reconciling with the memory of his adoptive father Arnold, as he understands more of his path to alcoholism and related abuse and abandonment. Victor also gains a better understanding of Thomas and his reverence for Arnold."
Lahu Ke Do Rang	1	Shamsher Singh (played by Vinod Khanna) is part of the Indian army led by Subhas Chandra Bose to fight the British out of India. With the British on his back to catch him in Hong Kong, he is rescued and helped by Suzy (played by Helen). Falling in love with him, Suzy becomes pregnant with Shamsher's baby. But she lets Shamsher go back to India as he is on a greater mission, asking him to return to take her and their baby along with him to India. Back in India, Shamsher is already married to Ladjo (played by Indrani Mukherjee). The two of them have a son named Raj.Shamsher's friend Shankar (played by Ranjeet) betrays them all with help of Mac (played by Mac Mohan) and kills Shamsher. But Mac also betrays Shankar and hides the looted gold somewhere without telling it to Shankar.Years later Shamsher's son Raj Singh (also played by Vinod Khanna) joins the police force and becomes an Inspector. He is now interested in finding the murderers of his father. Mac, who finishes his jail time, is released and is hunted by Shankar for the looted gold. Shankar has now changed his name into Devi Dayal. Mac reveals to Devi Dayal that the gold is buried in a car that is at the bottom of a deep lake. To fetch the gold, they hire an excellent diver Suraj (played by Danny Denzongpa). Suraj is the illegitimate son of Shamsher and Suzy and is angry about how her mother Suzy was betrayed by Shamsher and how he never returned to get them.On his quest to solve a murder case, Raj goes to Darjeeling where he meets Roma (played by Shabana Azmi) and falls in love with her. Suraj is also in Darjeeling on his new job called in by Devi Dayal. Suraj too falls in love with Roma, but is very hesitant to communicate. Roma's tells Raj of how her mother had been hooked to drugs by Devi Dayal. A series of incidents reveal all the secrets and Raj and Suraj unite to take revenge for their father's death.
Aadukalam	0	In Madurai, veteran rooster trainer Pettaikaaran aka Pettai (V. I. S. Jayapalan) and Police Inspector Rathnaswamy (Naren) are tough competitors in cockfights, and it is often Pettai who wins because nobody knows his way of maintaining the quality of the birds.Karuppu (Dhanush) and Durai (Kishore) are the favorites in Pettai's team. Karuppu is very talented in breeding and training roosters, while Durai is very rich, owns three bars in the town of Thiruparangundram, and is also talented in cock training. Rathnaswamy keeps insisting on having one last fight to win and satisfy his old mother’s wish, but Pettai declines to have any more fights with him because he feels Rathnaswamy has lost faith in his roosters and will be using nefarious methods to win. Rathnaswamy keeps insisting and tries to make him accept the challenge through cajoling, threatening, bribing and other vile acts.Karuppu falls in love with an Anglo-Indian girl, Irene (Taapsee), who dislikes him. He does not recognize this initially and keeps following her. One day, the residents of Irene's colony confront him and ask Irene to tell who she is in love with – Karuppu or Dinesh (Dinesh Ravi), another man in the locality. She points her finger at Karuppu and he goes into rapture. She explains later that she had to lie in order to avoid Dinesh who has been bothering her for a long time. Later, Irene too falls in love with Karuppu.Meanwhile, one of Pettai's close associates, Ayubh, his veterinarian for his roosters, is killed in a hit and run accident. Durai initially suspects Rathnaswamy, and all of Pettai's gang wants revenge. But, Pettai decides to conduct a tournament in Ayubh's name and provide his family with funds, so that Ayubh's daughters can be married. He asks permission from Rathnasamy, as the police have to permit it, but Rathnaswamy refuses and berates Pettai as a thief. In a rage Pettai, suspecting Rathnaswamy of the murder, agrees to the one-on-one rooster fight Rathnaswamy has been asking for so long. He bets that, he will use his field roosters against all of Rathnaswamy's roosters in the following tournament. If one of Pettai's roosters loose against Rathnaswamy's, he will tonsure his head and face, publicly apologies to him, and will quit rooster fights. But, if Rathnaswamy is not able to beat any 1 of his roosters, the same conditions will be applied on him, at the end of the day. Finally getting his way, Rathnaswamy permits the tournament.The grand state tournament is arranged by Pettai's team, getting funds and an official permission. In the crucial fight, Rathnasamy brings high breed roosters from Bangalore. Karuppu asks Pettai to let his rooster fight, but Pettai puts his rooster down and says he will choose the best competing rooster himself. Karuppu surreptitiously enters the contest as Pettai's team before Pettai can choose the rooster because he needs to repay Irene for the loan he took to prepare his rooster for the fight. Pettai does not believe in Karuppu and his rooster, announces that Karuppu will not represent Pettai, and the result of Karuppu's match will not be acknowledged by his team. The 'underdog' however emerges victorious in three consecutive rounds despite facing roosters spiked with steroids. Karuppu gets the best coach award of the tournament and his bet money of 3 lakh 10 thousand₹10 lakh (equivalent to ₹15 lakh or US$22,000 in 2017).While initially happy that Karuppu won, Pettai is soon overcome with anger and jealousy. His ego is hurt by the fact that Karuppu earns both popularity and money, by refuting his judgement. Karuppu is not aware of the changes in Pettai's mind. Pettai is at first refusing to speak to anyone and then starts scheming. Karuppu gives to Pettai the money from the competition for safe keeping, in which he plans to use to start a business. But, it suddenly goes missing. Pettai also starts spinning stories about his associates and makes everyone suspicious of each other. He incites Karuppu and Durai into pitting their roosters in a fight. Meanwhile, Karuppu's mother dies from the shock of losing all the money. Meanwhile, Pettai poisons all of Durai's roosters making him suspect Karuppu, who is arrested for this. Pettai then lies to Irene that his wife was in an adulterous relationship with Karuppu. Irene's family also pressure her to move to Chennai which pushes her into attempting to commit suicide. Pettai meanwhile calls Karuppu to a location near a temple and informs Durai about his whereabouts. When Irene gets better, she calls Karuppu and informs him that Pettai is badmouthing him. So, Karuppu goes to find Pettai and confront him. Karuppu finds that Pettai was the one who stole his money, and a guilt-ridden Pettai kills himself. Karuppu does not wish to reveal the fact to the public that Pettai stole his money and schemed against him, so he flees with Irene to start a new life in another city leaving the money with his friend.
The Delicious Little Devil	2	"Mary McGuire (Mae Murray) is a working-class young girl who lives in a New York tenement and supports her mother and her shiftless father and uncle.Two items in the March 27, 1919 edition of The New York Star catch her attention. The first is a news item about the famous dancer Gloria du Moine going into hiding over a scandal involving her relationship with the Duke de Sauterne. (This was Murray in a thinly disguised portrayal obviously mimicking fellow real life dancer/star Gaby Deslys who had an affair with the King of Portugal before World War I). The second is a classified ad for the Peach Tree Inn, a nightspot that aims to be the ""snappiest roadhouse this side of Monte Carlo."" The Peach Tree's ad seeks a female hostess and dancer: ""A Good Future For A Girl With A Past.""Mary applies for the job. To help cinch the deal, Mary tells Peach Tree manager Larry McKean (William V. Mong) that she's really Gloria du Moine. Larry asks her why she's dressed so shabbily. Mary replies that her servant absconded with all of her clothing, leaving her to wear the servant's clothes.Mary—or rather, Gloria—gets the job, and the Peach Tree Inn promotes its grand opening night, featuring Gloria du Moine. In the audience for Gloria du Moine's Peach Tree opening night is Jimmy Calhoun (Rudolph Valentino), scion of the millionaire contractor Michael Calhoun (Edward Jobson). The young Calhoun meets Gloria and finds her enchanting. He tells his father he'd like to propose to her. Michael Calhoun arranges a small, private dinner party at the Peach Tree Inn in honor of Gloria. The elder Calhoun hopes that Gloria will make some sort of faux pas that will discourage his son from seeking her hand in marriage.Meanwhile, the Duke de Sauterne (Bertram Grassby) has arrived in New York from Europe and noted the press announcements touting Gloria du Moine's performances at the Peach Tree Inn. The duke sets out to see her at the roadhouse, and his arrival coincides with Michael Calhoun's dinner party. The duke is escorted into Calhoun's private room. He gives no indication that Gloria du Moine is an imposter.At sunrise, the dinner party guests are still at the Peach Tree Inn, sleeping off the drinks they consumed during the evening. Gloria/Mary wakes up and hurries upstairs to her lavish private suite. The duke also wakes up and follows her, and Jimmy follows him. Jimmy and the duke get into a fight, and the duke sends Jimmy tumbling down the staircase.Mary runs outside, gets into a car and heads for her family's tenement apartment in New York City. The duke and Jimmy follow her separately in their own cars. The duke arrives first, follows Mary up the stairs to the apartment and forces his way in. He grabs Mary and tries to kiss her. Jimmy arrives and engages the duke in another fight. A detective arrives and apprehends the duke for deportation to Europe on accusations of being a swindler. Jimmy's father arrives, notes Mary's humble surroundings and grants his blessing for Jimmy to marry her."
A Broken Life	0	Max decides to commit suicide and forces Bud to film his final hours. Max confronts his ex-wife and Boss for revenge but kindness from a handicapped woman gives him hope.
Fida	1	Somebody empties the bank accounts of many people, including Babu Anna (Akhilendra Mishra), an underworld don, via an Internet theft. The police are clueless about the robber, and Anna wants revenge. In another story, Jai Malhotra (Shahid Kapoor) lives with his best friend, Sonia (Kim Sharma). He meets Neha Mehra (Kareena Kapoor) and falls in love with her instantly. At first Neha rejects Jai, causing him to attempt suicide. After Sonia chastises Neha regarding Jai's actions, she then falls for him too.One day, Jai sees Neha trying to hang herself after getting a phone call. She tells him that her dead father owed a huge amount of money to Babu Anna's underworld. To repay the amount, he became part of a gang of hackers who were responsible for the Internet thefts. After his death, Babu's Anna underworld began pursuing Neha to recover the money. Jai and Neha try to sell their apartments to get enough money, to no avail. A visit from a client leads Jai to consider robbing a bank to get the necessary money. At a bank, Jai spots a rich man named Vikram Singh (Fardeen Khan) withdrawing a huge sum of money and instead decides to steal from him. However, Vikram catches Jai during his attempts to break into his house.Instead of reporting Jai to the police, Vikram demands an explanation for his actions. Upon learning the whole story, Vikram reveals that he is the hacker behind the internet thefts but agrees to help Jai. In return, Jai has to take the blame for the thefts. Jai agrees, gives the money to Neha and turns himself in. Jai is escorted by police to be presented for the trial, but Anna has his men intercept them to kidnap Jai. A shootout results between the gang and police as Jai is able to escape and runs to Neha's apartment, only to find both Neha and Vikram waiting for him. He is horrified to learn that they conspired against him to steal all the money and Neha's love was just a ruse to con him to take a fall.Jai escapes from the apartment, but is shot off a train by a police officer. Even though his body is not found, he is presumed dead. Two months later, Neha and Vikram start getting anonymous phone calls. Neha believes that the calls are from Jai and that he is still alive. Jai, who is very much alive, is bent on getting revenge on both Neha and Vikram.Jai makes life miserable for both Vikram and Neha. One day when Neha and Vikram go out for a movie, Vikram finds Neha hanging by her neck in the toilet, and Neha confirms that Jai is alive. Vikram out of rage tracks Jai down and severely beats him up, threatening to murder him if he comes back into their lives again. Vikram then reports Jai to Babu Anna, thus giving him a whiff of the affair. This does not deter Jai as he later blackmails Vikram by kidnapping Neha, forcing him to turn himself in. Vikram obliges and is lead to Neha; however, all three are intercepted and taken hostage by Babu Anna and his gang, demanding all his money from them. Jai cleverly deflects Anna and forces Vikram to transfer Anna's money back into his account. Catching them off guard, Jai and Vikram finish Anna and his gang.In the melee, Vikram has Jai cornered but Jai finally overpowers him. However, Neha strikes Jai hard from behind, allowing Vikram to gun Jai down. Vikram and Neha mock Jai as they watch him struggle with his fatal injuries. Jai stuns the two by rising with Babu Anna's gun and shoots Neha in the forehead, killing her instantly, to Vikram's horror. Jai collapses and boasts about settling the score for once whilst finally succumbing to his injuries, leaving Vikram alone to grieve over Neha's corpse. Later, a news reporter reveals that somebody has made a very hefty and generous donation to the Missionary Charity Fund, whilst Vikram is shown heading out in a boat. Thus it is implied that Vikram gave away all of Babu Anna's money to charity as he no longer has any good use for it.
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase	2	"The film is set in an alternative-history version of nineteenth century England where packs of wolves roam the countryside.Bonnie Green is the spoiled daughter of Lord and Lady Willoughby, who live at the country estate of Willoughby Chase. Lady WIlloughby is ill, and her father plans to take a convalescence to the Mediterranean Sea. Meanwhile, in London, Bonnie's cousin, Sylvia, is leaving her Aunt Jane to keep Bonnie company while her parents are away. While travelling on a train, she meets a mysterious man named Grimshaw. At Willoughby Chase, a beautiful middle-aged woman arrives revealing herself to be Bonnie and Sylvia's fourth cousin and their new governess, Letitia Slighcarp. The following morning, Bonnie sneaks into the carriage meant to pick up Sylvia, taking with her a rifle. When the train arrives at the station, Mr. Grimshaw is knocked unconscious after wolves attempt to attack the train. Bonnie and Sylvia take Mr. Grimshaw with them back to WIlloughby Chase. Not soon after, Bonnie's parents leave for their convalescence aboard the Thessaly. The next day, Bonnie and Sylvia go out on a sleigh and almost are attacked by wolves until a boy named Simon, who lives in a cave and raises geese, rescues them. They return in the night to discover that Miss Slighcarp has dismissed all the servants except for James and Pattern. During dinner, Miss Slighcarp refuses to give an explanation to the servants' dismissal, gives the girls oatmeal instead of the usual feast and she harshly reprimands Bonnie after she accidentally spills cream on her father's farewell letter, thus Bonnie begins to suspect her governess's true cold and evil nature.The day after, Bonnie and Sylvia catch Miss Slighcarp in Lady Willoughby's best dress. Bonnie demands she take it off and eventually throws a pot full of water on Miss Slighcarp yelling, ""I hate you!"". Miss Slighcarp then locks Bonnie in a wardrobe in the schoolroom and Sylvia sees that Miss Slighcarp has ordered James to rid of all the toys. Sylvia steals the key from Miss Slighcarp who is bathing (and is actually bald) and frees Bonnie. They discover a secret passage and overhear a conversation in which Miss Slighcarp reveals she has forged a copy of Lord Willoughby's will (with Mr. Grimshaw's help, as he is a master forger as well as her ally) and prearranged the sinking the Thessaly ship by paying the captain in an attempt to claim the Willoughby fortune. Mr. Grimshaw throws the real will into the fireplace but Bonnie and Sylvia rescue the remaining part of it. Bonnie pretends to have gone manic after being in the cupboard too long in an attempt to lure Dr. Morne to rescue them. The plan fails as Sylvia is caught by Mr. Grimshaw and Miss Slighcarp burns the letter addressed to Dr. Morne. To get them out of her way Slighcarp rides a carriage with the girls aboard and takes them to an orphanage in the industrial town of Blastburn, run by the widowed Gertrude Brisket, an old friend of Slighcarp's, and her teenage son Rupert, where they are forced to work in a laundry with dangerous machinery that keeps breaking down from improper maintenance, on one such case, a small boy named Joey tries to help Sylvia when she is about to fall, but is prevented to do so by Bonnie for his own safety, and she saves her cousin. Some time later, Joey dies due to asphyxiation with a bed sheet after he accidentally falls into one of the laundry tubs. Meanwhile, Miss Slighcarp gets a newspaper from Blastburn with the headline, ""Thessaly Sunk!"" thus she decides to return to Blastburn. During the journey Simon sneaks into the carriage unnoticed. In Blastburn, Slighcarp tells Brisket she'll be able to join her in Willoughby Chase after inheriting Lord Willoughby's fortune and that they'll have to dispose of the girls. Bonnie and Sylvia are locked in a coal room and Simon attempts to help them. When they are discovered trying to escape Rupert and Miss Slighcarp chase Bonnie and Sylvia through the entire facility but in the process Rupert falls into two rollers meant for clothing and gets crushed to death. Slighcarp informs Brisket of the girls' escape and of her son's death, Brisket is deeply grieved by losing her son and weeps but Slighcarp simply says ""You can mourn later, they've escaped!"" Simon and the girls escape in the carriage Slighcarp travelled in and when they finally arrive to the Willoughby Chase grounds they use a horse-drawn sleigh, but Miss Slighcarp and Brisket follow in a motorized sleigh as well as a pack of ravenous wolves. Brisket is killed when Slighcarp accidentally pushes her off the sleigh and she is eaten by wolves. Slighcarp then loses control of the sleigh which explodes due to overheating of the mechanism causing her to fly out. She is presumed dead.Bonnie and Sylvia return to the Chase after James is informed the Willoughbys have been saved and he and Pattern capture Mr. Grimshaw as he attempts to escape. They are chased into the kitchen when wolves have infiltrated the household and so has Miss Slighcarp, who unexpectedly emerges from the back kitchen door as the girls try to escape in order to arrive at Simon's cave. Incredibly she has survived the sleigh's explosion but her once beautiful face has now become horribly disfigured and her elegant dress and travel cloak have become rags. She threatens to drown Sylvia in a basin and to stab Bonnie with kitchen knives but she is attacked and chased out of Willoughby Chase by Bonnie. Just after, Lord and Lady Willoughby return from their recuperation having survived the sinking of the ship and being stranded on a tropical island. Slighcarp, exhausted, wounded and defeated, is devoured by wolves and Grimshaw is arrested after trying to steal all the estate's silver, amazingly showing no resistance and saying joyously that it is a miracle. The film ends when Aunt Jane is invited to come live at Willoughby Chase with Lord and Lady Willoughby, and Bonnie and Sylvia."
Prince	0	Rajkumar Shamsher Singh is the only son of the local Maharaja, and has been brought up as a brat, and now he is an irresponsible, alcoholic, and womanizing adult, who wants everyone to bow down before him and his princely rank. One priest refuses to do so, and Shamsher pummels him mercilessly, though in vain. Frustrated, he asks the priest what he should do with his mundane life, and the priest tells him that he should repent, sacrifice all his palatial pleasures, and live the life of a simple and ordinary man, and hence learn the true meaning of life, for at least six months. Shamsher agrees to do so, and arranges an accident with his car, which plummets down a mountain, explodes and is blown to smithereens. Everyone in the palace believes that Shamsher is dead. He goes to a nearby village, and a blind woman there mistakes him for her long-lost son and starts calling him Sajjan Singh. Shamsher decides to play along as Sajjan.Two corrupt palace officials spot Sajjan, and notice his similarity to Shamsher, and conspire with him to pose as Shamsher for a hefty sum of money, to which Sajjan agrees. When he accompanies the officials back to the palace, he is shocked to find that his father has remarried a much younger woman, Ratna, and shortly after marrying her, has died, leaving the palace and its management to her and her greedy brother. Shamsher decides to reveal his true identity, but the officials threaten to expose him to his new-found blind mother, and Shamsher knows that he is trapped in the body of Sajjan Singh, forced to pose as none other than himself.
Catherine the Great	0	A young German Princess (Catherine Zeta-Jones) gets married to the immature future Czar Peter III (Hannes Jaenicke). She gradually becomes a skillful politician and rises to become Catherine the Great.
Spanking the Monkey	0	Susan Aibelli, a married, lonely woman, suffers a leg injury at home just as her husband is about to leave on his job as a travelling salesman and her son, Raymond, is about to leave for the summer on a medical internship. Raymond is then forced to stay at home to take care of her as his father cannot. He eventually loses the internship. These troublesome events leave him emotionally confused as he and his mother are left alone together, and they develop an incestuous relationship.
Get Low	1	"No one really knows Felix Bush (Robert Duvall), who lives as a hermit deep in the woods. Rumors surround him, such as how he might have killed in cold blood, and that he's in league with the devil. So the town is surprised when Felix shows up in town with a fat wad of cash, requesting a ""funeral party"" at Reverend Gus Horton's church for himself. Rev. Horton declines this proposal. Frank Quinn (Bill Murray), the owner of the local funeral parlor in financial trouble, coveting Bush's wad of cash, agrees to advertise a funeral party at which the townsfolk will be invited to tell Felix Bush the stories they've heard about him. To ensure a good turnout, a lottery is organized, with Bush's property as the prize. Many people buy tickets.Things get more complicated when an old mystery is remembered, involving a local widow named Mattie Darrow (Sissy Spacek), who was Bush's girlfriend in their youth, and her deceased sister, Mary Lee Stroup (Arin Logan[2]). With the help of a preacher who insists on Bush telling Mattie the truth, Bush tells those gathered at his funeral party (including Mattie) what happened forty years earlier. He reveals his affair with Mattie's married sister, Mary Lee. He confesses to Mattie that it was Mary Lee who was his true love, his only love. They made plans to run away together, and when she didn't arrive at the agreed place, he went to her home to search for her. He discovered that her husband had attacked her with a hammer, knocking her out. The husband threw a kerosene lamp against a wall to set the house on fire and kill himself, the unconscious Mary Lee, and Bush. Bush freed himself from the attacking husband, but as his clothes caught fire, he also saw Mary Lee catch fire. As he went to put the fire out, he felt himself flying through the window, possibly pushed by the husband, and he was unable to re-enter the house to save Mary Lee.Mattie returns, seeming to forgive Bush. He sees what appears to be the ghost of Mary Lee down the lane. He dies shortly after his funeral party. His actual funeral service is held on a burial plot on his property. Charlie officiates the ceremony, with Reverend Gus Horton, Buddy, his wife and child, Mattie and Frank in attendance. After a short benediction from Charlie, Mattie places a portrait of her sister, Mary Lee on Felix's casket, signifying her forgiveness of his past actions and allowing them to be together, even if only figuratively. The mourners leave Felix's property as his grave is filled."
Independence Day	1	In the small town of Mercury, New Mexico (film was shot in Anson, Texas) where she works as a waitress in her family's diner, Mary Ann Taylor's true love is photography. She would like to get beyond these limits, but when Jack Parker returns to town, he lets her know that he's been to the big city and happiness there is as elusive as anyplace else.Mary Ann and Jack fall in love. Their bliss is interrupted, however, by the discovery that Jack's meek sister is being physically abused by her husband. Jack tries to intervene, but in the end, Nancy decides she needs to take drastic action herself.
Licensed to Love and Kill	0	"Secret Agent Charles Bind is called in to investigate the disappearance of Lord Dangerfield, a British diplomat. The trail leads Bind to Dangefield’s daughter Carlotta Muff-Dangerfield who is called ""Lotta Muff"", an ambitious American Senator named Lucifer Orchid, and Bind’s counterpart in the forces of evil, Ultra One."
A Lady to Love	0	Tony, a prosperous Italian vineyardist in California, advertises for a young wife, passing off a photograph of his handsome hired man, Buck, as himself. Lena, a San Francisco waitress, takes up the offer, and though she is disillusioned upon discovering the truth, she goes through with the marriage because of her desire to have a home and partially because of her weakness for Buck, whose efforts to take her away from Tony confirm her love for her husband.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull	2	"In 1957, Indiana Jones and his partner George ""Mac"" McHale are kidnapped by Soviet agents under Colonel Dr. Irina Spalko, who infiltrate a warehouse labeled ""Warehouse 51"" and force Jones to locate a mummified corpse recovered from a crash site. Upon its discovery, Mac reveals he is a double agent working for the Soviets. Jones escapes and unsuccessfully attempts to retrieve the body. After a fight with Spalko's sadistic henchman, Colonel Antonin Dovchenko, Jones escapes to a model town at the Nevada Test Site minutes before an atomic bomb test, and takes shelter in a lead-lined refrigerator. Jones is rescued, decontaminated, and apprehended by FBI agents, who suspect him of working for the Soviets; though freed on the recommendation of General Ross, who vouches for him, he is put on indefinite leave of absence from Marshall College. His leaving also causes the dean's resignation to keep Indiana's job at the college.Jones is approached by greaser Mutt Williams, who tells him that Harold Oxley had found a crystal skull in Peru, suffered a mental breakdown and was later kidnapped. Jones tells Mutt about the legend of crystal skulls found in Akator. Mutt gives Jones a letter from his mother, who is also held captive, containing a riddle written by Oxley in an ancient South American language. KGB agents attempt to capture them, but Jones and Mutt escape them and reach Peru. At the local psychiatric hospital, Oxley's scribbles on the walls and floor of his cell lead them to the grave of Francisco de Orellana, a Conquistador who searched for Akator. They discover the skull at the grave, with Jones reasoning that Oxley had returned it there.Jones and Mutt are captured by Mac and the Soviets and taken to their camp in the Amazon jungle, where they find Oxley and Mutt's mother, Marion Ravenwood, who reveals that Mutt is Jones's son, Henry Jones III. Spalko believes the crystal skull belongs to an alien life form and holds great psychic power, and that finding more skulls in Akator will grant the Soviets the advantage of psychic warfare. Spalko uses the skull on Jones to enable him to understand Oxley and identify a route to Akator. Jones and his four allies escape with the skull, but Marion and Jones get caught into a dry sandpit, to be recaptured by the Soviets after Oxley accidentally brings them as assistance. On their way to Akator, Mac tells Jones he is a CIA double-agent to regain Jones's trust, and Jones's team fights its way out of the Soviets' clutches, while Dovchenko is devoured by siafu ants. Jones and his allies cause many of the Soviets to fall from a cliff, and they survive three waterfalls in an amphibious vehicle. Jones and Oxley identify a skull-like rock formation that leads them to Akator, unaware that Mac lied about being a CIA agent, is still loyal to Spalko and has been dropping transceivers to allow the surviving Soviets to track them.The adventurers evade the city's guardians, gain access to the temple, and find it filled with artifacts from many ancient civilizations, identifying the aliens as extra-dimensional ""archaeologists"" studying the different cultures of Earth. They find and enter a chamber containing the crystal skeletons of thirteen alien beings, one missing its skull. Spalko arrives and presents the skull to its skeleton, whereupon the aliens reanimate and telepathically offer a reward in ancient Mayan through Oxley. A portal to their dimension becomes activated, and the other remaining Soviets are drawn into the portal. As Jones, Marion, Mutt, and Oxley–who has regained his sanity–escape, the thirteen beings fuse into one, and in the process of receiving the overwhelming knowledge, Spalko is disintegrated and sucked into the portal. Mac is caught in the vortex while trying to scrounge some of the treasure, and even though Jones offers him his whip to pull him to safety, he willingly lets go and is sucked in. Jones and the others escape and watch as the city crumbles, revealing a flying saucer rising from under the ground and vanishing, while the hollow in the valley floor left by its departure is flooded by the waters of the Amazon.The following year, Jones is reinstated at Marshall College and made an associate dean, and he and Marion are married. Before the wedding party leaves the chapel, a gust of wind blows Indy's brown fedora off the coat rack and deposits it at Mutt's feet. Mutt picks it up and is about to don it before Jones snatches it from his hands and puts it on with a grin."
Ruthless People	2	"Millionaire Sam Stone (Danny DeVito) hates his wife Barbara (Bette Midler). He plans on murdering her to gain control of her $15 million family fortune and run off with his mistress Carol (Anita Morris). He goes home to murder his wife, but he can't find her. The phone rings and he answers. An anonymous man tells him that Barbara has been kidnapped and if Sam informs the media, the police or any of their detailed demands are not met - they will kill his wife.Overjoyed, Sam informs the media, the police and deliberately disobeys all of the kidnapper's demands, believing this will ensure his wife's death. However...The kidnappers are Ken (Judge Reinhold) and Sandy Kessler (Helen Slater), who want revenge on Sam for stealing Sandy's fashion design, along with the Kesslers' life savings. Barbara is imprisoned in the Kesslers' basement, where she proves a handful to the amateur kidnappers. When Sam doesn't show up with the ransom on several occasions, even when the price is dropped, it becomes obvious that Sam doesn't want his wife back, and would rather she were dead.Carol, having learned of Sam's plan to kill Barbara, secretly intends to blackmail Sam, with the help of her handsome but dim-witted boyfriend Earl (Bill Pullman). Knowing Sam plans to dump his wife's body in the Hollywood Hills at night, Carol has Earl lie in wait with a video camera. He mistakenly films a rendezvous between a prostitute and her client performing noisy sex in the front seat of a car. Earl, hearing the woman's screams, thinks the murder is happening right in front of him.Without watching the tape, Carol sends an anonymous copy to Sam, who sees the sex act and thinks Carol has sent it to him as a tittilating birthday present. He tells Carol he will do the same thing to her, causing her to think he plans to kill her. Carol sends another anonymous copy to police chief Henry Benton (William G. Schilling) — who happens to be the prostitute's client. Benton, thinking that he is being blackmailed, asks for the demands. Carol tells him to arrest Sam Stone for murdering his wife.Benton orders a search of Sam's house, planning to plant evidence, but real evidence turns up—a bottle of chloroform Sam intended to use to sedate his wife. There also are pictures of Sam with Carol. The kidnapping investigation, which has led to Ken by now, is immediately called off, and Sam is arrested. Sam now faces the unhappy prospect of having to get his wife back in order to prove his innocence.While being held captive in the Kessler's basement, Barbara takes up exercising to relieve her boredom. Sandy half-mentions that she looks great and that it looks like Barbara has lost at least 20 pounds. Unexpectedly, Barbara bonds with Sandy, letting Barbara wear some of her dress designs to show off her new figure. Barbara loves them, and offers to go into business with Sandy. During their bonding, Sandy reveals why they originally kidnapped her, because Sam said she was his partner when he ripped them off. Barbara laughs and says she never was and Sam was mostly likely ""passing the buck"". Much to her shock, Sandy tells her Sam wouldn't pay their ransom demand. Even though it wasn't a big problem, she tells Barbara that Sam complained and they even tried lowering the price. She cries, stating ""I've been kidnapped by K-Mart!""Permitted to leave, Barbara later returns to the Kessler residence as soon as she finds out from the newspaper about Sam's mistress; Barbara now realizes Sam wanted her dead. Unbeknownst to Barbara and the Kesslers, a notorious local serial killer, The Bedroom Killer, had just entered their home and confronts both Barbara and Ken since they reminded him of his much hated parents. The serial killer ends up attacking Ken, but instead falls down the basement steps and dies.Barbara, Ken, and Sandy now set a revenge plot in motion against Sam. Desperate to prove his wife is alive, Sam offers to pay the ransom the moment Ken calls him again. Armed with Barbara's inside knowledge of Sam's finances, they have increased the ransom to equal Sam's entire net worth: over $2 million. Sam is outraged, but has no choice. He withdraws the cash, but begs the police to watch the drop-site. Carol finally views the videotape in a video store, but unknowingly puts the image on every TV in the store, and the police chief is recognized by his wife. Carol realizes now Barbara really was kidnapped. Carol learns the time and place of the ransom drop.Sam waits with his life savings in cash in a briefcase. Ken arrives in disguise to get the money, but then scores of hidden police suddenly appear. Sam gives the briefcase to Ken, but Earl arrives with a gun, intent on robbing Sam. He instead tries to rob Ken (who is holding the briefcase). In the ensuing confusion, Earl is captured by the police.Ken takes the briefcase and drives toward the waterfront, with many police cars following him. He drives onto — and eventually off of — the end of Santa Monica Pier with the ransom cash inside. The police search the water and bring up the car, with the body of the Bedroom Killer inside (dressed in Ken's clothes and disguise). Only a few thousand dollars of money are recovered from the ocean.Although he has lost all his money, Sam holds out hope that Barbara will now definitely be killed. According to the kidnappers, if anything went wrong, they'd kill her, and he'd inherit her $15 million fortune. But Barbara shows up and lies to the police that her kidnapper (the serial killer) was schizophrenic, believing himself to have an accomplice, and so she was able to escape as soon as he left. The police walk away in satisfaction.Sam, meanwhile, is taken aback by how great Barbara looks with her weight loss. As they embrace, she beats him up in retaliation for all he's done and didn't do during her kidnapping (while the detectives in charge of the case remark about how much Sam and Barbara seem to love each other, unaware of the assault right behind them), and pushes him into the water. On a nearby beach, Ken emerges from the water in scuba gear, carrying the briefcase with the ransom cash. Sandy runs to embrace him. They are joined by Barbara, walking along the beach happily together."
Hammer the Toff	0	"On the train to the seaside resort of Brighthaven, Richard Rollison (Bentley) is sharing a carriage with an attractive young lady called Susan Lancaster (Dainton). The journey is rudely interrupted when the window of the carriage is shattered by a barrage of bullets. Richard learns from the shaken Susan that she is on her way to join an uncle on holiday, and offers to escort her safely to her hotel. They learn that her uncle has disappeared, but has left Susan a package. Later, Rollison happens to overhear a pair of shady characters discussing how to kidnap Susan. She explains that her uncle has developed a secret formula which sinister characters are keen to get their hands on, and they have been receiving threats of menace, hence the flight to Brighthaven.Rollison consults his old colleague Inspector Grice of Scotland Yard, who tells him that the evidence is pointing in the direction of a particular man as being responsible for the abduction. Using his friends and contacts in the East End, Rollison investigates, while Susan is being kidnapped and tied up. Rollison finally succeeds in identifying the criminals and their leader ""The Hammer"", releasing Susan and proving that the man suspected by the police is innocent."
Desperate Journey	2	Assigned to bomb a critical German railway junction, Australian Flight Lt. Terrence Forbes (Errol Flynn) presses home an attack at low altitude, and his RAF B-17 bomber is shot down near the former Polish border. The five survivors—Forbes, American Flying Officer Johnny Hammond (Ronald Reagan), Flight Sgt. Kirk Edwards (Alan Hale, Sr.), Flying Officer Jed Forrest (Arthur Kennedy), and the injured Flight Sgt. Lloyd Hollis (Ronald Sinclair)—are quickly captured by the Germans.Interviewed by Gestapo Major Otto Baumeister (Raymond Massey), Hammond creates a distraction by pretending to explain their bomber's technology in technobabble double-talk; then he suddenly knocks the major unconscious. Forbes then subdues the other soldiers and the group searches the major's office. They find papers showing a hidden Messerschmitt aircraft factory, and determine to get them to England. Setting out on their dangerous trip across enemy territory, they attack a patrol to obtain German uniforms, then sneak onto a hospital train heading for Berlin. Conveniently, Reichsmarschall Göring's private car is in the train, being transported for maintenance; they hide in the empty car, helping themselves to luxuries. Just before reaching Berlin, they are found in the car and thrown off the train; but this enables them to avoid Baumeister, who has traveled by air to overtake it.They hide in an abandoned Berlin building, but while scouting for food, they see an important chemical plant and decide to sabotage it so they will do some damage to the enemy even if they cannot get the documents to England. As they are getting away, there is a gun battle and Hollis is wounded again. They happen on a member of the underground, Kaethe Brahms (Nancy Coleman), who takes them to a doctor, but Hollis dies. Brahms advises the crew to cross the country to Münster, where her parents are also resistance members amd can help them escape Germany.With Baumeister on their trail, the men reach the Brahms house, but it is a trap: Kaethe's parents have been captured and Gestapo members are impersonating them. When Kaethe arrives, the ruse is exposed. The crew members manage to escape over the roofs, but Edwards is shot and falls to his death. Kaethe rejects an offer to accompany the men to England; the underground has more work to do. The others steal Baumeister's car and cross into the German-occupied Netherlands as he pursues in another car.Finally they run out of petrol, but when they see a petrol tanker stop nearby, they find a captured British Hudson bomber, concealed there, that is being prepared for an attack on England. They overpower the flight crew and steal it, but Forrest is shot. They use the airplane's guns to blast their way past the soldiers on the ground, killing many of them, including Baumeister. After takeoff, on their way to the English Channel, Hammond releases the bomb aboard, destroying a German base. As they reach safety, Forbes and Hammond learn that Forrest will recover from his wounds.
Simla Special	0	"Gopu (Kamal Haasan) is a budding drama artist. He and his good friend, Babu (S Ve Sekhar), own a popular troupe that performs low-budget comedies. To help Babu pay for his sister's wedding, they accept a commission to perform a set of plays for Tamilians in Simla. One of the plays is titled ""Simla Special"" and is written by Mahalakshmi (Sripriya).While Kamal is in Simla, Babu receives a telegram intended for Gopu informing him of Gopu's mom being seriously ill. Fearing the loss of the money if they renege on the Simla commission, Babu keeps the information from Gopu. Gopu subsequently finds out about his mother's illness when a friend calls to tell him that her situation has worsened. However, for the sake of his friend's sister, he decides to continue acting. He also keeps the information to himself, thinking that if Babu knew, he'd insist that Gopu go back to be by his mother's side.On the last day of their engagement, Kamal finds the telegram in Babu's coat pocket and realizes his friend's deception. He breaks off his friendship with Babu — but is forced to stay for one last encore before he leaves. While he is performing, Babu receives a call that Gopu's mom has recovered. All is forgiven and the friends reunite."
Eastern Condors	1	"Lieutenant Colonel Lam is an American army officer given a top-secret mission by the US military. The mission entails entering Vietnam to destroy an old American bunker filled with missiles before the Viet Cong can get to them.Due to the dangerous nature of the mission, a group of Chinese American soldier convicts are selected to accompany him, led by Tung Ming-sun. Survivors are promised a pardon, U.S. citizenship and $200,000 each. After a brief training session they are dropped into Vietnam. During the jump, Lam learns too late that the mission has been aborted.Once in enemy territory, they are met by some Cambodian guerrillas led by Godenzi and take refuge in a small town. There they meet Weasel (aka Chieh Man-yeh), and his mentally ill ""Uncle"", Yeung.Later, the squad is captured and incarcerated in a POW camp, where the prisoners are forced to play Russian roulette in a similar manner to the film The Deer Hunter. After escaping, they discover that one of the Cambodian guerrillas is a traitor. With the Vietnamese military in pursuit, they are able to reach the bunker, where a final showdown with the (giggling) Vietnamese general occurs."
Showdown	0	Two cowboys, Chris Foster and Bert Pickett, go into town. Ben gets in a fight after getting drunk and he and Chris are put in iron collars, chained to a killer, LaValle. They manage to escape but La Valle wants them to rob a bank.
Josettante Hero (ജോസേട്ടന്റെ ഹീറോ)	0	The film tells a story with movie-making as the backdrop. Vijayaraghavan appears as the title character of Josettan, who is a senior film producer. Anoop Menon comes up as Saajan Malyath, the still photographer of the film who is accidentally selected to become the hero of the new film in production.
Calcutta	2	In postwar Asia, three American pilots, Neale Gordon (Alan Ladd), Bill Cunningham (John Whitney) and Pedro Blake (William Bendix) fly from Chungking, China to Calcutta, India. They live at the Hotel Imperial in Calcutta. When Neale and Pedro's aircraft is forced down in a mountainous area, Bill comes to the rescue.Bill's fiancée, Virginia Moore (Gail Russell), at an engagement party tells Neale and Pedro that Bill has been strangled. Nightclub singer Marina Tanev (June Duprez) says Eric Lasser (Lowell Gilmore), the nightclub owner, cancels the engagement party on the night Bill was killed. Tearing an expensive diamond necklace from her neck, Neale confronts Virginia making her confess she was not in love with Bill.During a flight to Chungking, Pedro meets Indian merchant Mul Raj Malik (Paul Singh) who tells him to visit him at his import-export shop. In Calcutta, Mrs. Smith (Edith King), a jewellery merchant reveals Bill bought Virginia's necklace and deposited a $7,000 check before he died. Neale is still wary of Virginia's involvement in his friends death and when he discovers a bag of jewels in the floorboards of one of their aircraft, he has to fight for his life.Giving the jewels to Pedro, Neale returns to the hotel, hoping to catch the smugglers but Malik confronts him but is shot as he leaves the room. When Neale shows a jewelled brooch to Marina, she warns that Virginia knows more about the night Bill died. Going to her room, Neale finds it has been ransacked and Virginia is missing.British police officers led by Inspector Hendricks (Gavin Muir) arrive to arrest Neale for Malik's murder. Pedro claims the gun that was used in Malik's murder was his. Neale is released and he pledges that he will find the real killer. Virginia contacts Neale, and tells him she loves him, but he is still suspicious of her motives. When the hotel desk clerk (Benson Fong) who was there the night Bill was murdered, contradicts Virginia's story, Neale wrings the truth out of her. She was part of the smuggling ring, with her role to get close to the pilots who were flying in and out of Calcutta, until Bill got wise to the scheme. She held a gun to Bill's temple but it was Lasser who strangled him.Lasser bursts in, and Virginia tries to shoot him but is disarmed by Neale who kills Lasser during their struggle for the gun. Neale then calls in Hendricks who arrests Virginia, still professing her love for Neale. Later, when Marina goes to the airport, she tells Neale that tangling with mountains is safer than his dealing with women. The two embrace and kiss with Neale then setting off on his next flight.
The Brothers	2	"Jackson Smith (Chestnut), Brian Palmer (Bellamy), Derrick West (Hughley) and Terry White (Moore) are lifelong friends since childhood. The film has separate subplots with each character, showing how their friendships binds them.Jackson struggles with commitment issues and often has nightmares of being shot by a bride. When working through his issues with a therapist, she suggests he meet a woman that night and ""give his heart to her."" He soon meets a beautiful freelance photographer (Union) who makes Jackson realize that he may be capable of true love and commitment. When he finds out that Denise once dated his father, his new outlook on love takes a turn.Brian, an attorney, realizes that his chronic womanizing is catching up to him in ways he didn't imagine when a former lover (also the judge in a case he is currently working) sends him to jail. He makes a vow to not date African-American women because he believes that they carry unnecessary drama. Brian is working to gain custody of his younger brother who currently lives in a affection-less household with his mother.Derrick, the only married member of the group, loves his wife (Jones) and daughter, but is struggling with the idea of his wife's not giving him the type of sex he desires. After many attempts to convince his wife that pleasing your partner is an important part of a successful marriage, he and his wife separate. In addition to wanting more in the bedroom, Derrick is trying to convince his wife to let his ailing mother live in their home.Terry, a former womanizer who is tired of playing the field and ready to settle down, is preparing to marry his girlfriend of two months, Bebe (Dalian), despite the warnings of his friends who feel that he is rushing into the commitment. As his wedding day fast approaches, he'll have to decide he is truly ready to make the leap into the rest of his life."
Fight Club – Members Only	1	"The story follows four friends, Vicky (Zayed Khan), Karan (Dino Morea), Somil (Riteish Deshmukh) and Diklesh a.k.a. Diku (Aashish Chaudhary). The four love hanging out, late night partying and drinking booze. One night, they witness a physical brawl, and Vicky comes up with the idea of making a ""Fight Club"", in which the participants will be allowed to fight physically non-stop. When Mohit (Yash Tonk), a college youngster, enters the club and takes part in a fight, he ends up beating his opponent severely to critical condition. After being stopped by Vicky, Mohit attacks him, to which response Vicky throws him out of the club. Mohit then arrives with his friend Dinesh (Ashmit Patel) to get revenge, however Mohit gets once again beaten up, this time by the whole group.Soon enough, Mohit is slyly murdered. The blame goes to Vicky and his friends, and Dinesh and his brother Sandy (Rahul Dev) find out about this, and plan to finish off all the group of the Fight Club owners. However, Fight Club is raided and then shut down by the police. Soon enough, Mohit's older brother, Anna (Sunil Shetty) finds out about this incident, and plans to backfire with his whole crew. In response, the four friends hire Vicky's former college rival Sameer (Sohail Khan) as a bouncer. Just then Vicky falls in love with Anu (Dia Mirza) Karan's younger sister and Karan falls in love with his neighbour Sonali (Amrita Arora). As the friends get a phone call they realize that Anna has captured Somil and Dikku as Karan and Sameer rush to save them as they are beaten by Sandy and Dinesh. Vicky comes in and saves his friends as it was revealed that Dinesh was the one who killed Mohit with his needle as Dinesh tries to kill Somil but Anna comes in to save him and kills Dinesh leaving Sandy devastated as Anna,Vicky,Sameer,Somil,Karan and Dikku go back to the bar to shut down the Fight Club."
Saguni	1	The film starts with the demise of CM (Satyamoorthy), a political plot produced by Boopathi (Prakash Raj), thereby starting the film on a serious note. Then, we are introduced to Kamalakannan (Karthi), who tells his story to the auto driver Rajini Appadurai (Santhanam). Appadurai assumes that Kamal is rich and drives him around the city to be profited for him.Kamal is a country boy, who is working in a small company. He has come to the city to meet the concerned politicians and plead them to halt a subway project, by which he could lose his property in his village. He is the son of a humble person, who serves unlimited food to the guests and passers-by every day. Under this background, he has come to Chennai to settle the matter, as the forefather’s property is living heaven for the family.Kamal stays in his aunt’s (Roja) house and love blossoms between Kamal and her daughter Sridevi (Pranitha Subhash). The love affair breaks up as it's not accepted by his aunt.He meets the politician, Boopathi, who once visited their village during the election campaign and had promised to do good needs when required. But Kamal comes to know that he is the one behind the project. He later makes Ramani (Raadhika) as the mayor of Chennai by helping in her campaigns. He later, in a jail, gets the contact of Perumal (Kota Srinivasa Rao), who has an infamous political party. Meanwhile, he joins Perumal's party and makes him win the election making him the CM of Tamil Nadu. Boopathi is at last arrested for being the reason behind for Sathyamoorthy's suicide with his family. Kamal, at last saves his property with his intelligence and unites with Sridevi.
We're in the Money	1	Ginger Stewart (Joan Blondell) and Dixie Tilton (Glenda Farrell) are offered $1000 by ditsy lawyer Homer Bronson (Hugh Herbert) to serve subpoenas on reluctant witnesses for a breach of promise lawsuit brought by Claire LeClaire against wealthy C. Richard Courtney (Ross Alexander). They have a deadline, as a new state law will take effect in a few weeks banning such suits. Unbeknownst to Ginger, she already knows the defendant; she and Courtney, masquerading as a chauffeur named Carter, have fallen in love. Courtney himself does not know that Ginger is a process server.Through trickery, Ginger and Dixie manage to serve papers on three of their wary targets: nightclub singer Phil Logan (Phil Regan), gangster 'Butch' Gonzola, and professional wrestler Man Mountain Dean, the last in the middle of a bout with Chief Pontiac. Courtney, on the advice of his lawyer, Stephen Dinsmore (Henry O'Neill), prepares to sail away to safety on his yacht. However, Ginger jumps out of a motorboat piloted by the erratic Bronson and pretends to be in distress. She is rescued by Courtney's crewmen. She and Courtney finally learn each other's true identity, but eventually admit they love each other and decide to get married. Ginger sends a message to Dixie, asking her to bring a few things she will need for the honeymoon. However, Dixie assumes her partner is merely luring Courtney in, and when the couple set foot on the dock, Dixie serves the last subpoena. Courtney also assumes Ginger was merely acting and angrily breaks up with her.At the trial, Bronson produces a photograph showing LeClaire cosily nestled in Courtney's lap. Courtney agrees to marry LeClaire. Later, however, Bronson confides to Ginger and Dixie that he faked the picture by combining two others. Ginger rushes over and stops the wedding ceremony just in time. She and Courtney then reconcile.
Al Franken: God Spoke	0	In Al Franken: God Spoke, the makers of The War Room capture the emergence of Al Franken as a political commentator. The film is shot over the course of two years and follows Franken from his highly publicized feud with Fox News Channel anchor Bill O'Reilly to his fierce campaign against President George W. Bush during the 2004 election.The film goes to several different places to catch Franken in real settings. The film crew went with him to Iraq during a USO tour in that country, followed him during his airing on Air America Radio, and during his various campaigns. The film crew is given behind the scenes access as the noted liberal goes up against his rivals. The film features many of those allied with Franken and many of his opponents. Some of his allies in this film include Michael Moore, Al Gore, and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Some of his featured opponents include Ann Coulter and Bill O'Reilly.
Killadi Mappillai	0	Rajaram (Pandiarajan) and his friend Dhanapal (Chinni Jayanth) are college students and they live together. Rajaram's father (Mohan Gandhiraman) decides to arrange the wedding between Rajaram and his relative Sarasu (Divyasri) who is very outspoken. Rajaram is first reluctant about this marriage but he accepts because of his father's insistence. Sarasu really loves Rajaram. In the meantime, Rajaram falls in love with the college girl Shanthi (Sindhuja). When Rajaram proposes his love to Shanthi, she rejects it. Shanthi even so advises him to convince her parents. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.
Jaal	0	Shankar Verma lives a poor lifestyle with his mom, Shanti, in India after his father, Satyapal leaves the family for a courtesan by the name of Meenabai. Years later, Shankar has now grown up and finds himself the object of affection of two beautiful women, Sunita - who is wealthy and is the daughter of Bhanu Pratap Singh, and Madhu - who is poor and lives with her parents, Hariya and Tara. Both women think that Shankar is in love with them. Shankar is hired by a wealthy woman named Amita who wants him to spy on Bhanu Pratap, his sons, Balram and Jackie, and his partner, Kedar. Shankar goes on this task and reports his findings to Amita regularly. One day while talking to villagers, he finds out that his dad had a bad reputation and had not only betrayed Bhanu Pratap, but had also killed Bhanu's brother, Shashi. His inquiries take him to Central Jail so that he could speak with his dad, but on arrival, he is told that his father died six years ago. Shankar then sets out to find out the whereabouts of Meenabai, but her brother had caught fire and no one knows her whereabouts. Little does Shankar know that Meenabai is still alive in the shape and form of none other than Amita - and is using Shankar as a tool to extract vengeance against Bhanu Pratap!
Gone in 60 Seconds	2	"Maindrian Pace is a respectable insurance investigator who runs an automobile chop shop in Long Beach, California. He is also the leader of a professional car theft ring, who steals and re-sells stolen cars; using the vehicle identification number (VIN), engines, parts, and details (such as parking decals and bumper stickers) sourced from legitimately-purchased wrecks. As an insurance industry insider, Pace does have one small idiosyncrasy: All vehicles stolen must be insured.Pace is approached by a South American drug lord who offers $400,000 in exchange for the theft of 48 specific vehicles, to be delivered to the Long Beach docks within five days. The list includes limousines, semi-trailer trucks, vintage cars, and exotics; rendering the order difficult to fill within the time limit. Nevertheless, Pace is confident that the order can be filled by the March 2, 1974 deadline.Mapping out a basic strategy, the thieves scout out their vehicular targets; all of which have been given female code names. The plan goes smoothly – with even some of the more eclectic vehicles acquired with relative ease – but obstacles mount. Chief of these difficulties is a yellow, 1973 Ford Mustang, code named ""Eleanor."" The first ""Eleanor"" they come across is occupied; they locate this car again but stealing it results in a chase as its drunken owner pursues Pace. A second ""Eleanor"" is acquired seemingly without issue.Further tension enters into the picture when a white Cadillac – stolen as part of the order – is found to contain several kilos of heroin stashed in its trunk. Pace's brother-in-law, Eugene, sees the heroin as a profitable side business; Pace disagrees, viewing the heroin as a threat to the security of the operation. Against Eugene's vehement protests, Pace does not relinquish the heroin, and has the Cadillac and its contents burned at a remote location – unbeknownst to Eugene.The theft of all 48 vehicles is soon completed, but the second ""Eleanor"" is discovered to be uninsured within hours of delivery to the docks. After pleas from fiancée Pumpkin Chase, Pace agrees to return it – only because he is aware of a third match for ""Eleanor"" at the International Towers in Long Beach. At the same time, Eugene learns of the Cadillac's fate and attempts to start a brawl; ultimately leaving the office in a rage.Pace prepares to steal the third ""Eleanor"", unaware that Eugene has anonymously tipped off the police. As a result of the tip-off, two detectives (Butch Stockton and Phil Woods) in an unmarked Mercury corner the disguised Pace as he exits the International Towers. A 40-minute car chase (in which 93 vehicles are destroyed) ensues, covering 6 California cities from Long Beach to Carson. Eluding the police with speed and driving skill, Pace keeps from being caught by police – but not without causing irreparable damage to the car.Pace is now desperate; police blockades and surveillance surround the areas. Pace spots another ""Eleanor"" Mustang pulling into a car wash. Realizing an opportunity, Pace drives the abused Mustang up to the wash entrance, leaves it with the staff, and then dupes the owner of the fourth Mustang (under the guise of being the manager of the car wash). After a quick license plate swap and removal of his disguise, he subsequently leaves the car wash with the intact Mustang.Meanwhile, the duped owner is inquiring with the manager of the car wash as to the whereabouts of her Mustang – and faints at the sight of the wrecked car as it exits the wash bay. The police, spotting the wrecked Mustang, quickly descend upon the scene to arrest the manager of the car wash, who matches the description of Pace.The film ends as Pace clears a police roadblock, driving the fourth ""Eleanor""."
If I Had a Million	2	"Dying industrial tycoon John Glidden (Richard Bennett) cannot decide what to do with his wealth. He despises his money-hungry relatives and believes none of his employees is capable of running his various companies. Finally, he decides to give a million dollars each to eight people picked at random from a telephone directory before he passes away, so as to avoid his will being contested. (The first name selected is John D. Rockefeller, which is swiftly rejected.)Henry Peabody (Charles Ruggles) is unhappy, both at work and at home. A bookkeeper promoted to salesman in a china shop, Henry keeps breaking the merchandise, meaning his ""raise"" results in his bringing home less money than before, something his nagging wife (Mary Boland) is quick to notice. After Glidden gives him a certified check, Henry shows up late for work and then proceeds to gleefully wreak destruction on the wares.Barroom prostitute Violet Smith (Wynne Gibson) checks into the most expensive hotel suite she can find and goes to bed ... alone.Eddie Jackson (George Raft) narrowly avoids arrest for trying to cash a forged check. With his prior record, if he is caught, it will mean a life sentence in prison. When Glidden presents him with his check, Eddie is delighted ... at first. However, he does not dare show his face in a bank, and none of his criminal associates believes the check is genuine. Frantic to leave town and desperately needing to sleep, the penniless man gives the check as security for a 10 cent bed in a flophouse. The manager secretly calls the police to take away what he thinks is a lunatic, and uses the check to light his cigar.Ex-vaudeville performer Emily La Rue (Alison Skipworth) is very content with her life, running her tea room with the help of her partner, ex-juggler Rollo (W. C. Fields). Only one thing is lacking to make her satisfaction complete, and it is delivered that very day: a brand new car. However, when they take it out for a drive, it is wrecked when another driver ignores a stop signal. The heartbroken woman returns to her tea room, where Glidden finds her.She comes up with an inventive way to spend part of her great windfall. She and Rollo purchase eight used cars and hire drivers. They all take to the road in a long procession. When they encounter an inconsiderate road hog, Emily and Rollo immediately set off in pursuit and crash into the offender's automobile. They then switch to one of their spare cars and repeat the process, until they run out of automobiles. At the end of the day, Emily purchases another new car, but it too is destroyed in a collision with a truck. No matter. Emily tells Rollo it has been ""a glorious day"".This sequence was probably wiritten by Joe Mankiewicz, since it contains a reference to his hometown Wilkes-Barre, PA.Prisoner John Wallace (Gene Raymond) has been condemned to the electric chair for killing someone during a robbery. After a tearful conversation with his wife Mary (Frances Dee), he is visited in his cell by Glidden. John is certain that his new-found wealth will save him, but it is too late. He is executed that same day, despite his protests.When clerk Phineas V. Lambert (Charles Laughton) receives his check in the mail, he shows little emotion. He merely leaves his desk, calmly climbs the stairs to the office of first the secretary of the president of the company, then to the office of the private secretary, and finally knocks on the door of the president himself. When he is admitted, Phineas blows a raspberry at his former boss and leaves.Glidden finds U.S. Marine Steve Gallagher (Gary Cooper) and his good buddies Mulligan (Jack Oakie) and O'Brien (Roscoe Karns) in the stockade for striking their sergeant. However, when Glidden gives Gallagher the check, Gallagher notices it is April Fools' Day and assumes it is a joke.When the three men are released, they immediately head for a nearby lunch stand to see Marie (Joyce Compton), the pretty waitress. They all want to take her to the carnival, but none of them has any money. Then Gallagher remembers his check and that Zeb, the stand's owner, is illiterate. He tells Zeb that the check is for $10 and gets Zeb to cash it. He and Marie head off to the carnival, but Gallagher cannot shake his pals. Then Mulligan becomes embroiled in a fight, his comrades join in, and the trio end up right back in the stockade. Through the bars, they watch dumbfounded as a fancily dressed Zeb steps out of a limousine, escorting an equally well-garbed Marie.The last beneficiary is Mary Walker (May Robson), one of many unhappy elderly women consigned to a rest home run by Mrs. Garvey (an uncredited Blanche Friderici). Mrs. Garvey is a petty tyrant who enforces her rules rigorously, to the displeasure of her charges, especially the spirited, defiant Mary. Mary uses her money to turn the tables. She pays Mrs. Garvey and the rest of the staff just to sit in rocking chairs while she and the other residents have a wonderful time partying and dancing with their gentleman friends.Mary's spirit even reinvigorates John Glidden. Glidden ignores his doctor and looks forward to spending time with Mary."
Night of Fear	0	A young woman crashes her car on a lonely country road and is terrorised by a crazed hermit.
Sarada Bullodu	1	Vijay (Venkatesh), an engineer in AP Oils, stays with his widowed mother Shanta (Sangeeta). He finds out that there are oil wells near Attamadugu village. Sangliyana (Mohan Raj), a businessman, offers him a large bribe & tells him to capture those oil wells but Vijay refuses to yield and warns Sangliyana. Vijay reaches Attamadugu and starts work.Rajeswari Devi (Manjula), a greedy, cruel & crooked woman is the head of Attamadugu, whose word is a law for the villagers. In fact, the property that she is enjoying belongs to her brother Jaya Chandra (Murali Mohan) who is a drunkard. Rajeswari Devi keeps him locked in a room and treats his daughter Lakshmi (Madhurima) as a servant. Vijay always gives a tough fight to Rajeswari Devi and teases her daughter Nirmala Devi (Nagma). But somehow Vijay feels that Lakshmi is his own sister.Meanwhile, Rajeswari Devi joins hands with Sangliyana and they make a plan to kill Vijay. Lakshmi overhears their plan and informs Vijay before they attack him, thereby protecting Vijay. Rajeswari Devi decides to punish Lakshmi by arranging her marriage with another servant. Vijay stops this event and scolds Rajeswari Devi. Then, Rajeswari Devi says that no one will marry Lakshmi because her mother is a prostitute and shows her photograph which crushes Vijay because that photograph belongs to none other than his mother Shanta. Vijay returns to his hometown and asks his mother why she is living like a widow when her husband is alive. Then she reveals the past.Jaya Chandra was the original arbitrator of the village and was treated as God by villagers. Rajeswari Devi was jealous of his popularity and eager to usurp his authority. So, she tricked Shanta and accused her of having an extramarital affair in front of the villagers. Hence, Jaya Chandra pronounced the judgment that she should be widowed by removing her wedding chain (Mangalsutra), bangles and sectarian mark (Bottu). Shanta tried to commit suicide but Vijay saved her and both of them left the village.Now, Vijay decides to teach Rajeswari Devi a lesson. Meanwhile, Nirmala Devi also comes to know the truth and starts loving Vijay. With her help Vijay plays the same game with Rajeswari Devi and makes her admit the injustice she had done to his mother in front of everyone. Jaya Chandra also feels remorseful and all of them go to bring Shanta back home. At the same time Sangliyana kidnaps her. Finally, Vijay kills Sangliyana. In the attack Jaya Chandra is injured and he gives the sectarian mark to Shanta with his blood. Rajeswari Devi also realizes her mistakes, apologizes to everyone and the film ends with the marriage of Vijay & Nirmala Devi.
Trent's Last Case	0	A major international financier is found dead at his Hampshire home. The Record newspaper assigns its leading investigative reporter, Phillip Trent, to the case. In spite of the police cordon, he manages to gain entry to the house by posing as a relative. While there he manages to pick up some of the background to the case from Inspector Murch, the Irish detective leading the investigation. Despite Murch's suggestion that the death is suicide, Trent quickly becomes convinced that it was in fact murder.At the inquest, the coroner swiftly concludes that the deceased, Sigsbee Manderson, had killed himself. Trent, however, is given permission by his editor to continue to pursue the story. His attention is drawn to Manderson's widow, Margaret.
Manmadhudu	1	Abhiram (Nagarjuna Akkineni) 24 is a manager in an ad agency, owned by his paternal uncle Prasad (Tanikella Bharani)42. He despises women and expresses his hatred every minute of every day. But his office is populated by women as it is an ad agency and he has to live with it. Prasad appoints Harika (Sonali Bendre) 21 as the new assistant manager and Abhiram hates to have another female employee in his office. He never leaves an opportunity to belittle her and gradually Harika gets fed up and goes to Chairman Prasad to submit her resignation. Prasad asks her to think about it twice and tells her about Abhiram's past and why he deeply hates women.Abhi lost his parents when he was too young and his grandfather (M. Balaiah) brings him up. He was the only heir to their family business and enjoys life in his own way. He meets and falls in love with Maheswari (Anshu)21, who is the niece of an employee (Chandra Mohan) 51 in Abhi's grandfather's company. Alarmed that he will just play with her and leave her, Maheshwari's uncle takes her away to his hometown and arranges her engagement with another man. Abhi goes there and tries to bring Maheswari with him assuring her uncle that he is going to marry her. But on the way to his grandfather's home, they meet with a serious accident. When Abhi returns to his consciousness, his grandfather tells him that Maheswari married another person and shows him the invitation card. Abhi feels cheated and starts to hate all the women and thinks that they all are superficial and treacherous.After listening to this, Harika feels sympathy towards Abhi's pain and his child like mind. She decides to stay with the company and Prasad promotes her as manager and demotes Abhi as assistant manager for some time. Though infuriated, Abhi has no choice but stay and goes with her to Paris on a business trip. There they become close and Harika helps him with his phobia of water. Abhi starts to fall for Harika but is disappointed and distances himself from her when she reveals that she is engaged to be married.After they come back to India, Abhi behaves in a childish manner to get over his disappointment. Harika reciprocates his feelings but is confused about getting married as Abhi won't express his feelings. Meanwhile, Abhi's aunt (Sudha) reveals that Maheswari actually died in the accident they were in and they hid that information fearing that Abhi might not come out of the shock of that news. Abhi realizes it was foolish of him to hate women but is too shocked to express his feelings to Harika. At last Harika dares and tells him that this marriage was her parents choice not hers, indirectly indicating that she was ready to come to him if he asks. Prasad comes to know that Abhi and Harika have feelings for each other and encourages Abhi to go and get her. Finally he asks her to marry him and she breaks her previous engagement and marries him.
Me, Myself & Irene	2	"Charlie Baileygates (Jim Carrey) is a veteran Rhode Island State Police trooper who has been taken advantage of by those around him, starting with his former wife Layla (Traylor Howard). Despite his friends warning him of Layla's infidelity, Charlie refused to accept she was in an affair, even after she gave birth to triplet black boys, until she ran off with her little person genius black lover, Shonté, abandoning her children. In the present, Charlie has raised the triplets as his own, Jamal, Lee Harvey, and Shonté Jr (Anthony Anderson, Jerod Mixon, Mongo Brownlee), likewise geniuses, but huge in size as compared to their biological father. While Charlie is consistently loved and respected by his ""sons"", he is continually abused by the rest of the town, who see him as a stupid coward whom anyone can easily walk over. As a result of years of such treatment, Charlie develops a split personality named Hank to deal with the confrontations Charlie avoids. Emerging whenever Charlie is under extreme stress, Hank is an over-the-top, rude, and violent persona reminiscent of characters played by Clint Eastwood.[2] A psychiatrist prescribes medication to keep Charlie's Hank personality at bay.Believing that Charlie needs a vacation, his commanding officer (Robert Forster) orders him to escort Irene Waters (Renée Zellweger) from Rhode Island to Massena, New York, because she reportedly committed a hit-and-run. Irene insists the hit-and-run accusation is a lie told by Dickie (Daniel Greene), her mob-connected ex-boyfriend, and by corrupt police officers in his employ, to keep her from revealing Dickie's illegal activities to the proper authorities. In Massena, Charlie prepares to turn over Irene to two United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) agents, when a hitman with a contract on Irene's life attempts to assassinate her, killing one of the EPA agents. Charlie keeps Irene safe, and they flee, accidentally leaving his medication behind, allowing the Hank personality to emerge frequently. Meanwhile, the FBI suspects that Charlie is responsible for the murder of the EPA agent. FBI agents begin pursuing him and Irene, as do crooked police officers in Dickie's pay, Boshane (Richard Jenkins) and Gerke (Chris Cooper). The chase becomes a media spectacle, alerting Charlie's sons to his predicament.Charlie and Irene decide to return to Rhode Island, developing a bond along the way. Though Irene is taken by Charlie's personality, the frequent emergences by Hank worry her, though his more aggressive personality keeps them out of trouble. Along the way they pick up Casper aka ""Whitey"" (Michael Bowman), an albino waiter from a restaurant who claims he killed his entire family in the past. While stopping at a motel, Charlie discovers how he might be able to suppress Hank and goes to have a conversation with Irene about it, and they sleep together. The next morning, Hank reveals that actually it was he who slept with Irene. In the confusion, they are almost ambushed by Boshane and Gerke, but Charlie's sons, having found them, create a distraction, stealing a police helicopter, they call in a false report, stating Charlie and Irene have been spotted in the woods nearby, allowing Charlie and Irene to leave without knowing about the police who had left before they exited their room, leaving Casper behind.They board a train back to Rhode Island. Dickie boards the same train, unable to rely on his henchmen to stop Charlie and Irene. He kidnaps her, and Charlie gives chase, working together with Hank to save her. Hank then appears to try to stop Charlie from rescuing her, but Charlie finally stands up for himself against his own fears, thus permanently nullifying Hank for good. As Charlie tries to wrestle her back and disarm Dickie on a bridge, Dickie shoots off his thumb. Dickie is then hit from behind by a lawn dart thrown by Casper, killing him. Charlie and Irene fall from the bridge into a river below, where Charlie's sons arrive to help rescue them. Regrouping with Casper, Charlie apologizes for making him kill again, but Casper reveals he made up his backstory due to the fact that Charlie talked too much at the motel and scared him. The police arrive but quickly learn of Irene's plight and the corrupt cops working for Dickie. Gerke is arrested, Charlie is congratulated for bringing him to justice, and Irene is cleared of the charges against her.Irene prepares to leave Rhode Island when she is pulled over by the police, but this proves only to be a diversion to allow Charlie to propose marriage to her, which she happily accepts.The post-credits scene sees everyone looking for Charlie's thumb in the river, Whitey finds it but a fish eats it."
Cold Light of Day, TheThe Cold Light of Day	2	"Will Shaw (Henry Cavill) owns a consultancy business in San Francisco about to go into insolvency, reluctantly visiting his family in Spain for a holiday. He is met there by his father, Martin Shaw (Bruce Willis), an advisor for the government, who he has a tense relationship with. Will's preoccupation with the phone results in a sailing accident where Will leaps to save his brother's (Rafi Gavron) girlfriend Dara (Emma Hamilton) from being hit by the yacht's boom but she hits her head on a winch. Martin grabs Will's phone and throws it into the ocean. Will swims to town to fetch medical supplies and to cool down. When he returns, he can no longer find his family in the yacht. Will goes to the police and they lead him to Zahir (Roschdy Zem), who knows where Will's family is. Will senses something is amiss, and attempts to escape in a police car. Martin appears, and aids Will by beating the officers.Martin reveals he is a CIA agent, and that the people who kidnapped their family are after a briefcase he had taken on an assignment. Martin meets his CIA team leader Jean Carrack (Sigourney Weaver) in Madrid, who claims she no longer has the briefcase, but he knows she is lying. As Martin returns to his car, he is sniped and killed by Gorman (Joseph Mawle). Will retrieves Martin's phone as Gorman starts shooting at him and gives chase. As Will escapes, he takes a call from the kidnappers, who want to speak to ""Tom"", providing a 21 hour deadline and a meeting point to exchange the briefcase for his family.Receiving no help from the US embassy, Will is picked up by Carrack in a car outside, but he realizes she is untrustworthy and gets away. Will arranges a meeting with his father's friend Diego at his office and meets receptionist Lucia Caldera (Verónica Echegui), Diego's niece, where he fights off one of Carrack's men. The pair go to Diego's apartment, but he was killed by Carrack and Gorman. Will and Lucia escape across the rooftops, but Will is shot. Lucia takes him to a nightclub, to a friend who has medical experience that cauterizes the wound. Lucia informs Will that ""Tom"" is Martin's alias in Spain, and she is Will's half sister, being Martin's daughter by another woman. As Will arrives at the meeting point, he is grabbed and tortured for his father's whereabouts by the kidnappers, actually Israeli Mossad agents lead by Zahir, who was using the briefcase to lure a traitor when Martin stole it from them. They realize Carrack framed Martin and she has the briefcase, so they want Will to lure her out. Will briefly sees his family before Zahir releases him.Will meets Lucia at the nightclub, where she starts a tab on Carrack's credit card. Gorman appears and is subdued by bouncers at the nightclub and tortured for information but he refuses to budge. Will lets Gorman escape so he can follow him, leading them to Carrack, who tries to sell the briefcase in an underground car park. Zahir's men surround the deal but give away their position, so Carrack starts attacking and escapes, during which Lucia kills Gorman in a car crash. Will and Lucia pursue Carrack through Madrid, until eventually their cars collide and Lucia is seriously injured. Just as Carrack is about to shoot Will, she is killed by Zahir, who retrieves the briefcase and releases Will's family. Lucia recovers in hospital, surrounded by her half family. Will is offered a job in the CIA; whether he accepts is left unresolved."
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	2	Many years ago, two Hobbits, Smeagol and Déagol, are playfully fishing when Déagol discovers the One Ring beneath the river. The two quickly begin to fight over the ring, and Smeagol kills his friend. Retreating into the mountains, Smeagol gradually becomes an animalistic creature called Gollum, forgetting his old identity and becoming obsessed with the ring.Gandalf leads Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and King Théoden to Isengard where they reunite with Merry and Pippin. With Saruman defeated, Gandalf retrieves Saruman's palantír. Pippin later steals a glance into the seeing-stone, and is telepathically attacked by Sauron himself. Gandalf deduces from Pippin's traumatised words that Sauron will attack Gondor's capital Minas Tirith. He rides there to warn them, taking Pippin with him because Sauron believes Pippin is the ring bearer.Meanwhile, Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee are led by Gollum to Minas Morgul where they witness the Witch-king of Angmar leading an Orc army to drive Denethor's younger son Faramir from Gondor's final defences along the river Anduin. The hobbits begin climbing a precarious stair carved in the cliff face that will take them into Mordor via a 'secret way'; having overheard Gollum's plot to regain the Ring, Sam keeps a suspicious eye on him. Sauron's army strikes and overwhelms the city of Osgiliath, forcing Faramir and his garrison to retreat back to Minas Tirith.Gollum disposes of the last of the pair's food, blaming Sam. Frodo leaves Sam behind before they arrive at the tunnel leading to Mordor, and is then tricked into venturing into the lair of the giant spider Shelob. Frodo narrowly escapes but is confronted by Gollum. Frodo tells Gollum that he must destroy the Ring for both of their sakes. Enraged, Gollum falls down a chasm after trying to take the Ring. Frodo continues on but is soon discovered by Shelob, who paralyses and binds Frodo. However, Sam arrives and drives Shelob away. Believing Frodo to be dead, Sam hides as orcs appear and learns from them that his friend is still alive, before the Orcs take Frodo with them. Sam follows the Orcs into the Tower of Cirith Ungol, determined to rescue Frodo. Once there, he finds that competing bands of Uruks and Morgul Orcs had rioted and killed one another over the possession of Frodo's Mithril coat, thus providing an opportunity for Sam to escape the tower with Frodo who had awoken shortly before.While helping Théoden gather his forces, Aragorn is approached by Elrond who informs him Arwen is dying. Following a vision of her son by Aragorn, she refused to leave Middle Earth. Elrond gives Aragorn the sword Andúril, Isildur's sword Narsil reforged, so he can reclaim his birthright while gaining reinforcements from the Dead Men of Dunharrow. Joined by Legolas and Gimli, Aragorn travels to the Paths of the Dead, recruiting the Army of the Dead, who can only be released from the curse Isildur placed on them for refusing to fight Sauron by one of his heirs. Faramir is gravely wounded after a futile effort to retake Osgiliath, and believing his son to be dead, Denethor falls into madness. Gandalf is left to command the city defences against the Orc army led by Gothmog. But as Gothmog's forces eventually force their way into the city, Denethor attempts to kill himself and Faramir on a pyre. Pippin alerts Gandalf and they save Faramir, but Denethor leaps to his death from the top of Minas Tirith just before Théoden and his nephew, Éomer, arrive with the Rohirrim. Initially, the Rohirrim have the advantage at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, but are eventually overwhelmed by the Oliphaunt-riding Haradrim while the Witch-king mortally wounds Théoden. Though Théoden's niece Éowyn, having posed as a male soldier, battles and slays the Witch-King with Merry's help, Théoden dies of his wounds. Aragorn arrives with the Army of the Dead, who overcome the Orcs and win the battle; Aragorn then allows the Army of the Dead to go to their rest. Aragorn and the other captains of Men decide to lead all who can march upon the Black Gate as a distraction, so Frodo and Sam can get to Mount Doom.Aragorn's army draw out Sauron's forces and empties Mordor, allowing the exhausted Hobbits to stagger to the volcano, but they are attacked by Gollum just as they reach Mount Doom. Frodo finally succumbs to the Ring's power and claims it as his own, refusing to destroy it. Gollum attacks Frodo and bites his finger off to reclaim the Ring, but Frodo fights back and knocks Gollum, who is holding the Ring, into the volcano. Both Frodo and Sam then escape the volcano. The Ring and Sauron are both destroyed, causing a chain-reaction that consumes the mountain, topples Barad-dûr, and kills most of the fleeing Orcs as the ground crumbles beneath them. Gandalf flies in with eagles to rescue the Hobbits, who awaken later in the Houses of Healing and are reunited with the surviving Fellowship members. Aragorn is crowned King of Gondor and takes Arwen as his queen. The Hobbits then return to the Shire where Sam marries Rosie Cotton. Frodo, unable to cope with the traumas of his journey, departs Middle Earth for the Undying Lands with his uncle Bilbo, Gandalf, and the Elves. He leaves Sam the Red Book of Westmarch which details their adventures. Though saddened by Frodo's departure, Sam is gladdened by the warm welcome he receives from his new family upon returning home.
Angels' Brigade	1	"The movie focuses on seven women who decide to fight the local drug cartel after the brother of Michelle Wilson, a Las Vegas pop singer, is found severely beaten. When taken to the hospital, the young man is found to have been on illegal drugs. The singer meets with April, her brother's teacher, and the two hatch a plan to destroy the local drug processing plant. They recruit four more women with special skills and connections to help them carry out their audacious goal. As they plan their first strike, they discover high-schooler Trish spying on them. The student gets relegated to phone duty, but eventually worms her way into their escapades. The ""Angels"" not only destroy the processing plant, but also manage to intercept one of the shipments. As a result, the women receive unwelcome attention from the local drug cartel."
Prison on Fire	1	"The advertising designer Lo Ka Yiu is sentenced to three years of imprisonment in a Hong Kong prison for manslaughter. He was convicted for pushing a man who had robbed the grocery store of his father onto a street (where that man was run over).He is assigned for work at the prison ward where he meets Chung Tin Ching. The men befriend each over and Yiu asks to be transferred to the laundry where Ching is working. Yiu observes how a member of the gang of triad boss Micky steals scissors from Ching (to use them as a weapon). Yiu notifies Ching who manages to get the scissors back, but as a consequence Yiu gets bullied by the triad members.During a cell inspection forbidden items (playing cards and improvised weapons) are found and several men from the cell (among them Yiu, Micky and Bill, the boss of another triad) brought to ranking warden officer Hung for questioning. Hung is nicknamed ""scarface"" by the prisoners due to a characteristic scar. He tries to recruit Yiu as an informant, which he refuses. Following that Hung questions Micky, asking him to let his henchmen search for tools which went missing in the prison work shops (serving as makeshift weapons). In return Hung would transfer one of Micky's rivals to a different prison. Since someone needs to be held responsible for the improvised weapons, Micky proposes to claim that Yiu blamed one of Bill's men. Hung accepts the deal and transfers several triad members to another prison as ""punishment"".The following night Yiu is dragged into the cell's lavatory by Micky's men and beaten up. Ching attempts to stop them to no avail. When one of the guards hears the noise and intervenes, Yiu tells him he just slipped and is left alone for the time being.Yiu's girlfriend visits him in prison and announces to study in England for nine months. Yiu is agitated and asks her to stay in Hong Kong, but is ultimately unable to convince here. Later the day Micky approaches Yiu in the laundry and demands a compensation for the punishment of his triad men. Yiu publicly accuses him of calumny and pushes Micky, hurting him in the face. Yiu/Ching and Micky's men start a brawl. Yiu keeps his opponents on distance with a sharp piece of broken glass until the guards arrive, but also accidentally hurts Ching with it.Yiu and Ching are summoned to the prison warden. When asked what started the fight Ching accuses Officer Hung (who's also present) of having tricked Yiu. The warden promises to have the case investigated and moves both into temporary solitary confinement as punishment. Micky is ultimately moved to a different prison and the situation calms down.A year later on New Year's Eve, Ching tells Yiu why he's imprisoned: To the day four years ago he caught his wife prostituting herself, for which he killed her before finally attempting suicide. Their son now lives with the grandmother and regularly visits him in prison.The following summer Micky is transferred back to the prison. He's still seeking revenge since being a triad boss he was never before assaulted before. Yiu asks Officer Hung to move him and Ching to a different prison, but Hung brushes him off. During the next prison inspection, Yiu approaches the inspector and demands a transfer to protect them from the triads. Hung - who's also present during the inspection - denies the presence of triads among the prisoners and claims the two were having problems due to gambling debts. The warden requests a report, but ultimately Yiu and Ching have to remain in the prison.Some time later, the members of Bill's triad initiate a hunger strike to protest against a price surge for cigarettes. Micky's men and the other prisoners join the strike. Hung approaches Micky and demands him to stop the strike, otherwise he'd put all triad leaders in solitary confinement while telling them Micky had accused them of initiating the strike. Micky doesn't want to rat them out and instead defames Yiu as the instigator. In addition Hung whispers to Ching in the presence of the others, alluding Ching would rat on them. When the prison warden enters the room he demands everyone to resume their meals. While Micky obeys, Hung threatens Ching to also resume eating, which enrages him to the point that he and Yiu assault Hung. The other guards control them with their batons and Hung has them moved back to the cell (where they are at the mercy of the triads).Back in the cell Micky's men start beating up Yiu and Ching as soon as the guards leave the cell. The other prisoners however demand that Micky fights against Ching man to man. Without the support of his henchmen he doesn't stand a chance. When Micky goes to the ground, his men intervene nonetheless and support him. In the mean time the guards were alarmed by the noise of the fight, but are unable to take action since the absent Hung locked up the cell. Ching wins the upper hand against Micky and almost strangles him to death with a bed pole. When the guards manage to get ahold of Hung and storm the cell, Ching needs to let go of Micky who he had almost killed. A huge brawl arises and Ching knocks Hung unconscious with a drop-kick from a bunk bed. Laughing madly he jumps on Hung and bites his ear off.A few months later Yiu is released from prison and being welcomed from his family and his girlfriend. When leaving the prison they see how Ching (who had been moved to a hospital after the fight) is moved back to the prison in a bus."
Minmini	0	The film depicts the life story of Lakshmikanthan who was a film journalist and the editor of Hindu Nesan.[1][4]
War of the Worlds	2	"An opening narration explains how humans were unaware that a race of extraterrestrials was making plans to occupy Earth.Ray Ferrier is a divorced crane operator longshoreman who works at a dock in Brooklyn, New York and lives in Bayonne, New Jersey. Ray is estranged from his children. His former wife, Mary Ann, later drops off the children, 10-year-old daughter Rachel and teenage son Robbie, at Ray's house on her way to visit her parents in Boston. Unexplained changes in the weather occur, with lightning that strikes multiple times in the middle of an intersection and disrupts all electricity.Ray joins the crowd at the scene of the lightning strikes, where a massive ""Tripod"" war machine emerges from the ground and uses powerful weaponry to destroy the area, disintegrating most of the witnesses into a grey dust and leaving only their empty clothes behind. Ray collects his children, steals a car that had just been repaired, and drives to Mary Ann's empty home in suburban New Jersey to take refuge. The next morning, he finds that a Boeing 747 has crashed in the street. A news team scavenging for food and surveying the wreckage explain that there are multiple Tripods that have attacked major cities including New York City, Paris, Washington, D.C., and London, and have force shields to protect them from human weapons. They also explain the Tripods' pilots traveled to Earth within the lightning as a way to enter them, which were buried on Earth millions of years prior. Ray decides to take the kids to Boston to be with their mother. The three are forced to abandon their car after a mob sees that it's working and swarms the vehicle. They later survive a Tripod attack which causes a Hudson River ferry to sink. During a desperate battle between U.S. Marines and the aliens, Ray is forced to choose between being separated from Rachel and preventing Robbie from joining the fight: he lets Robbie go with the Marines, to what appears to be certain death. While escaping, Ray and Rachel are offered shelter in the basement of a farmhouse by a man named Harlan Ogilvy.The three remain undetected for two days, even as a probe and a group of aliens themselves explore the basement. They discover that the aliens are cultivating a strange red-colored growth (known as ""Red weed"") across the landscape and it is quickly spreading, covering trees and making its way into the basement: the group deduces the aliens are modifying Earth to be more like their home planet. The next morning, Ogilvy suffers a mental breakdown after witnessing a Tripod harvesting human blood and tissue to fertilize the alien vegetation. Convinced that Ogilvy's mad shouting will alert the Martians to their location, Ray reluctantly kills him. The basement hideout is eventually exposed when a second probe catches the Ferriers sleeping. Rachel is abducted by a nearby Tripod and Ray allows himself to be abducted as well, after picking up a belt of grenades from an abandoned military vehicle. Ray and a number of other abductees use the belt to destroy the Tripod from within, freeing them all.Ray and Rachel arrive in a devastated Boston, where they discover the alien vegetation is shriveling up and most of the Tripods have collapsed. When an active Tripod appears, Ray notices birds landing on it, indicating that its shields are offline. Ray alerts the soldiers escorting the fleeing crowd and they shoot it down with anti-tank missiles. As the soldiers advance on the downed Tripod, a hatch opens and a sickly alien struggles halfway out before dying. Ray and Rachel reach Mary Ann's parents' house, where they are reunited with Mary Ann and Robbie, who is alive after all.A closing narration explains that the aliens' immune systems could not handle the countless billions of microbes that inhabit the Earth, and that humanity has ""earned"" the right to the planet by virtue of naturally coexisting with the rest of its biosphere."
 Kickin' It Old Skool	1	"In 1986, 12-year-old Justin ""Rocketshoe"" Schumacher (played as a youth by Alexander Calvert) and his breakdancing group, The Funky Fresh Boyz (Darnell ""Prince Def Rock"" Jackson, Aki ""Chilly Chill"" Terasaki, and Hector ""Popcorn"" Jimenez) (played as youths by J.R. Messado, Hanson Ng, and Anthony Grant, respectively), are ready for the annual talent show. The somewhat shy Justin has a crush on Jennifer (played as a youth by Alexia Fast), who is giving her a Garbage Pail Kid card in exchange for her Smurfette figurine. His rival, the obnoxious rich kid Kip Unger (played as a youth by Taylor Beaumont), shows up and gives her an expensive necklace. Justin and the Funky Fresh Boyz start the show, with his parents cheering for him. In an effort to impress Jen and win the contest, Justin uses a dangerous and untested headspin maneuver. It caused him to flip off the stage and to fall into a coma.Twenty years later, Justin (Jamie Kennedy) is still in the hospital and in a coma. Dr. Frye (Alan Ruck) tells his desperate parents that at this point, there is little sign that Justin will recover, and they decide to pull the plug on him. As his parents say goodbye and leave, however, a janitor rolls by with a radio playing the same song from the 1986 talent competition, ""Rockit"" by Herbie Hancock. It jars his brain to function, waking him from his 20-year coma. As a result of his two-decade-long coma, Justin now finds himself suddenly 31 years old, going on 32. In addition, his parents were bankrupt from overdue life support payments. Jennifer (Maria Menounos), who has become a girls' dance instructor, is engaged to Kip (Michael Rosenbaum). Kip is now an obnoxious promoter, and is set to host a breakdance contest broadcast on national television, with a grand prize of $100,000. Justin realizes that the money could help him repay his parents for what they've spent on his medical bills. Kip is sarcastic and still despises Justin, and schemes to keep him off the show and away from Jennifer.Justin has a difficult time adjusting to both his deteriorated physical condition and the severe culture shock he encounters after 20 years, and is nearly arrested as a child predator. He was being recognized by a mall security guard, his old friend and Funky Fresh Boy, Darnell (Miguel A. Núñez Jr.). Darnell is now both a toy store employee and a failed inventor, who is frequently slapped around by his wife. He explains much of what has changed in the past 20 years to Justin, before re-introducing him to the rest of the crew. Aki (Bobby Lee) is an accountant, and has lost his old stereotypical Asian accent thanks to English classes. In addition, Aki is also trying to woo a colleague (Kira Clavell), who claims he might have a 2% chance of sleeping with her if he were a professional breakdancer. Hector (Aris Alvarado) is now a meter maid, and is even more overweight than he was in school. Despite their reluctance to return to the '80s lifestyle, they agree to try to retrain their faded breakdancing skills to help Justin.Initially, the four are terrible, but their skills improve greatly with Justin's help, as Aki studies a Robosapien toy to reclaim his mastery of the robot. Justin and Jennifer begin reminiscing about the old days. He eventually asks her on a date, which she thinks is just still a harmless crush. However, with the help of the Internet and practicing on Hector wearing a bra, Justin learns how to please a woman quite well. A surprise appearance by David Hasselhoff allows the pair to go on a date in KITT from Knight Rider. However, just as Justin has her shirt off and is making his move, Kip calls, leading Jennifer to be reminded that she is still engaged to him and runs off embarrassed.During a rather sour birthday party celebration, Justin is confronted by the diminutive but talented Cole (Jesse Brown) of the Iced Cole Crew, a group hired by Kip to ensure that the Funky Fresh Boyz don't win the contest. Cole challenges Justin to a dance-off in the parking lot. After Cole's impressive routine, along with some various flashbacks from his years in the coma, a nervous and depressed Justin vomits on Cole and runs off. He was too disillusioned to compete on the show. The rest of the Boyz decide to have a breakdancing homeless man stand in for him. Kip gloats to Jennifer about his psychological victory over Justin, causing her to finally break up with him. As the dance tournament progresses, the Funky Fresh Boyz and the Iced Cole Crew each progress in their individual brackets toward the finals. Jennifer finds Justin sulking in a local bar, and convinces him that she wants to be with him and to come back to compete in the show.Justin convinces his worried parents that he will be alright, reciting the lyrics to the theme song from Diff'rent Strokes as an inspirational speech. Although Kip tries to prevent him from dancing, Jennifer stirs the crowd and Cole into letting him dance, and the FFB get the win when Justin is able to successfully complete the headspin maneuver from '86. Kip is outraged and has a huge tantrum leading to him challenging Justin to a last dance off. However, the FFB don't give in. Kip is fired from the network, knocked out by a man from earlier in the film for using the word ""retarded"", and is urinated on by the homeless dancer. The Funky Fresh Boyz win the prize money, and Justin marries Jen and saves his parents' house.In the epilogue, she is currently teaching him how to use an iPod, though he is having trouble finding out where he puts the cassette tape in. Darnell has invented the 98¢ store, but his wife is still rather abusive towards him. Hector finds work as a Jennifer Lopez impersonator in Las Vegas, and Aki marries his co-worker, Yun in a lavish Jewish ceremony, which has increased his chances of sleeping with her to 3%. Kip never recovered fully from being punched, and is a judge on Dancing with the Stars."
 Waitress	1	"Jenna Hunterson is a waitress living in the American South, trapped in an unhappy marriage with her controlling and abusive husband, Earl. She works in Joe's Pie Diner, where her job includes creating inventive pies with unusual titles inspired by her life, such as the ""Bad Baby Pie"" she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. While a receptionist at the Doctors office notices her disappointment, and even mentions to her that she can have the pregnancy ""taken care of"" in a city about 2 hours away, she decides to keep the baby nonetheless. The waitresses show up late for work, talks on the phone, spends time with personal business, and talks back to the boss. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal marriage and is slowly accumulating money to do so. She pins her hopes for escape on a pie contest in a nearby town, which offers a $25,000 grand prize, but her husband won't let her go. Her only friends are her co-workers, Becky and Dawn, and regular customer, Joe, the curmudgeonly owner of the diner and several other local businesses, who encourages her to begin a new life elsewhere.Jenna's life changes after she meets her new physician, Jim Pomatter. He has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency, at the local hospital, and is filling in for the woman who has been Jenna's doctor since childhood. The two are attracted to each other, and over the course of several pre-natal appointments the attraction grows. After Dr. Pomatter invites her into the office under a quickly exposed pretext, she impulsively initiates a passionate affair. Prompted by the gift of a baby journal, Jenna begins to keep a diary, ostensibly for her unborn child, revealing her thoughts about that future child, and her own plans.After giving birth, Jenna bonds immediately with the baby girl, and names her Lulu. Earl, clearly disappointed that it's a girl, reminds Jenna of a promise he had forced her to make earlier, not to love the baby more than she does him. She bluntly tells him that she hasn't loved him in years, will no longer put up with his possessiveness and abuse, and will not let Lulu grow up with him mistreating her, and wants a divorce. Enraged, Earl attempts to assault Jenna, but is escorted out of the hospital by security staff.Later, while Becky and Dawn are helping Jenna prepare to leave the hospital, and letting her know that Joe had collapsed and gone into a coma, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe brought to her before the birth, when she finds out he was admitted as a patient in the same hospital. In the envelope she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message of friendship that urges her to start her life anew. While leaving the hospital, Dr. Pomatter wants to have a word with her in private regarding their affair and what is to happen now. She promptly breaks it off, handing him a chocolate Moon Pie and asks her friends to wheel her out.An epilogue depicts Jenna winning the pie contest, and becoming the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu's Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her happily walking home hand-in-hand with her toddler, Lulu."
Ice Cream Man	2	In a black-and-white prologue, a young boy witnesses the murder of an ice cream man in a small town. Years later, the boy, named Gregory Tudor (Clint Howard), returns to the town to become an ice cream man himself. He has spent the intervening years in a mental hospital. He kills some people (and a dog) while doing his duties as ice cream man, leading to suspicion from local kids and the police. The ice cream man even goes so far as to mix parts of people he's killed into his frozen treats, making his customers unwitting cannibals.
Jaan-E-Mann	1	Suhaan Kapoor (Salman Khan) and Piya Goyal (Preity Zinta) fall in love in college and elope. However, he has to keep his marriage a secret in order to further his career as a movie star and, when his career hits a low, he returns home to find out that she has left him. She does not answer his calls or mails, and he soon receives divorce papers in the mail.The film begins when Suhaan receives a notice saying his ex-wife Piya, who has settled in New York, wants a divorce settlement of 5 million rupees, because of his failure to make his alimony payments due to his poor financial condition. Suhaan appeals to his uncle Boney Kapoor (Anupam Kher), a midget lawyer, for help. While they are trying to figure out a solution, Agastya Rao (Akshay Kumar) lands at their doorstep searching for Piya. He reveals to them that he fell in love with Piya during his college days but could not express his love to her because she was in love with someone else, unaware that the person he lost her to was Suhaan. Piya had ignored Agastya then, a nerd, a nobody, and even broke his heart by blowing him off to be with Suhaan at a concert that Agastya had taken her to. A heartbroken Agastya left the college as a result and eventually wound up in Houston working for NASA.Suhaan and Boney Kapoor hatch a plan to get Agastya and Piya together, so that Suhaan need not pay alimony to Piya and Agastya gets the girl of his dreams. Suhaan accompanies Agastya to New York City to help Agastya win Piya over. They rent an apartment opposite Piya's and watch her every move, literally, using telescopes, binoculars, and surveillance techniques. Using a headset, Suhaan feeds Agastya lines to woo Piya with and eventually succeeds in getting Piya and Agastya together.One night, Suhaan finds out Piya has a baby girl, Suhaan 's daughter. He realizes that she left him since she did not want her and the baby to ruin Suhaan 's film career. Suhaan realizes his mistake and tries to make amends and start a new life with Piya and his daughter, Suhaani. Unfortunately, before he can act, Piya gets engaged to Agastya.It later emerges that Piya's brother, Vishal(Nawab Shah), had been hiding letters that Suhaan wrote to her and was responsible for initiating the divorce process. Agastya realizes that Piya is still in love with Suhaan and not him; so he reveals the truth and tells her to be with Suhaan. Piya flies back to India where Suhaan is trying to find work as a small-time actor. They express their mutual love, reuniting their broken family.A few years later, Agastya is on a NASA space shuttle and initiates a video conference with Suhaan and Piya (on Suhaan's Birthday). He introduces them to his new girlfriend who looks strikingly similar to Piya.
Avvai Shanmughi	1	The film starts in a courtroom where a woman Janaki (Meena) is fighting for divorce from her husband Pandian (Kamal Haasan). She offers various reasons for wanting a divorce. She has married Pandian against the wishes of her rich father Vishwanathan Iyer (Gemini Ganesan). But she isn't able to come to terms with living in Pandian's small house without amenities. Pandian is an assistant dance director with a modest income and is not able to spend much time with the family. All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply for divorce, which is granted. The court orders that Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi, once a week and this is his only solace. His daughter, however, loves him a lot and doesn't like the arrangement. Basha (Nassar), Pandian's Muslim friend who works in a hotel as a chef, advises him to steal his daughter from Janaki. Pandian goes about trying to do as his friend suggests. In doing so, he is discovered; and now he cannot meet her at all. Then Pandian finds out that Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised for a woman to look after his granddaughter. Joseph (Nagesh) is a makeup man in films. In conversation with him, Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman, so that he can be with his child and ex-wife without them knowing. Joseph agrees to this plan and the transformation is done from Pandian to 'Avvai Shanmugi'-- (also Kamal Haasan)adignified, elderly Iyer woman who is hired to take care of the little girl.Rathna (Heera Rajgopal) is a girl who is in love with Pandian but is constantly rebuffed. Basha takes up the role of a mute Iyer cook and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi. However, Basha is caught later while doing his namaz, thereby shattering both lies—that he is mute and an Iyer. Hilarious circumstances follow and slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household of her sincerity. So much so that Janaki's widowed father begins to develop a liking for Avvai and in fact proposes to her too. Around the same time, Mudaliyar (Manivannan), the house-owner of the place where Pandian lives, sympathizing with her for being a widow, happens to bump into Avvai Shanmugi. This happens many times and Mudaliyar, too, begins to develop a liking for her.Meanwhile, Pandian slowly begins to realize that Janaki hasn't totally forgotten him. Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan's proposals by saying that her husband is alive. Adding to the chaos, she tells Vishwanathan that Joseph is her husband; while Pandian tells Sethurama (Delhi Ganesh), Vishwanathan's secretary, that Mudaliyar is Avvai's husband. There is much confusion after this, but it is resolved at last. Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan that Janaki's right place is by her husband. While Janaki's father goes off to talk to his estranged son-in-law, Avvai Shanmugi reveals her true self as Pandian to Basha by removing her blouse. This is seen by Janaki, who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman. Janaki goes to Pandian's house to reclaim him, but upon seeing Rathna waiting there, and Avvai's clothes lying around, thinks that her husband, too, is promiscuous. Janaki leaves and attempts suicide by trying to jump into a river, but Avvai Shanmugi stops her. Avvai reveals her identity as Pandian. Janaki and Pandian reconcile, while Pandian kills off Avvai Shanmugi by attributing her death to drowning while attempting to save Janaki from committing suicide.
Insaaf	0	A gangster named Shah, owing allegiance to the Janardhan gang, is killed by Chimanbhai (Paresh Rawal) from a rival gang. Although he is in prison, Janardhan ensures that Chimanbhai is notified of his anger and vengeance. Chimanbhai arranges a meeting with Janardhan in the farm-house of Jagat Narayan, Minister and MP and kills him . Some schoolchildren and their teacher, Aarti Singh, who are at a picnic nearby witness this, but Chimanbhai and his men hunt them down and kill them all. The entire region is shocked at this killing and the police is under pressure to apprehend the killers at any cost. Anjali, the daughter of the caretaker of the picnic place, is injured critically while witnessing the killers during the killing. She dies when the Police Commissioner locates her.Aarti's brother, police inspector Vikram Singh (Akshay Kumar), assists in finding out who the killers are and with the connivance of the Police Commissioner, gets his girlfriend, Divya (Shilpa Shetty), to pose as the injured Anjali to lure the killers into the open. This brings results – albeit not the ones Vikram and Divya had hoped. They are now on the run – from Chimanbhai's gangsters and from corrupt policemen, Jagat Narayan, the Member of Parliament (who is involved and will do anything within his power to ensure that both get killed). Divya plans to get kidnapped, but Vikram gets kidnapped instead. When he tries to escape, Chimanbhai attacks him unsuccessfully. Police Commissioner plays a very important role in the combing operation and helps Vikram to nab the culprits.
One from the Heart	1	"The evening of July 4, in Las Vegas, Hank, a mechanic, and Frannie, a travel agent, break up while celebrating their fifth anniversary. He has been insensitive to her yearning for adventure and excitement. They both spend a night with their idealized partners — Hank goes with Leila, a nubile and beautiful circus girl, and Frannie goes with Ray, a dark, handsome musician.After their nights of passion, Hank breaks down, tracks Frannie to her lover's apartment and abducts her. She refuses to stay with him and walks away, saying that this time it is goodbye forever.Hank follows her to the airport, where Frannie is about to leave for her dream trip to Bora Bora. Hank sings to her to prove he is willing to be more romantic, but she boards the plane, saying it is too late. Hank, distraught, goes home and is about to burn her clothes when Frannie returns, realizing she ""made a mistake."""
Veronica Guerin	2	"Veronica Guerin, a crime reporter for the Sunday Independent, becomes aware of how much Dublin's illegal drug trade is encroaching upon the lives of its working class, especially the children, and vows to expose the men responsible.Guerin begins by interviewing the pre-pubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing estates. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor, a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan. To steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch, a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues Hutch and discovers he is not involved.As Guerin nears the truth, she and her family become targets. A bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her. She is then shot in the leg, and her young son Cathal is threatened. Her husband Graham, mother Bernie, and brother Jimmy implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and is savagely beaten, she becomes more determined to expose him. Rather than press charges, which would necessitate her removal from the story, she forges ahead with the investigation.On 26 June 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to parking tickets and speeding penalties that she had ignored. She is given a nominal fine of IR£100. En route home she calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at traffic light on the Naas Dual Carriageway when two men riding a motorcycle pull up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and gun in a nearby canal.Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates and the country. Her violent death results in the establishment of the Criminal Assets Bureau, and Gilligan, along with several of his henchmen, are tried and sentenced to lengthy prison terms. The epilogue states that ""Veronica Guerin's writing turned the tide in the drug war. Her murder galvanised Ireland into action. Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches, which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground. Within a week of her death, in an emergency session of the Parliament, the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons."""
Zarak	1	Zarak Khan (Victor Mature) is the son of a chief, who is caught embracing one of his father's wives Salma (Anita Ekberg). Zarak's father sentenced both to torture and death but they are saved by an Imam (Finlay Currie). The exiled Zarak becomes a bandit chief and an enemy of the British Empire.
Come Out Fighting	0	Aboriginal boxer Al Dawson is torn by the demands of fight promoters and aboriginal protestors. He eventually decides to reject them all and gives away his chance at a world title.
Tensou Sentai Goseiger: Epic on the Movie	2	Hearing a strange voice, Alata finds a mysterious girl and offers to help her find what she is looking for. She introduces herself as Rasil before she runs off to find a horn. Later as he thinks of how sad Rasil, Alata and the Gosei Angels are alerted by Datas when he detects Warstar. They head to Hokuto University due to a Warstar attack on a staff member of the mineral exhibit, having stolen one of two meteorites that landed on Earth. The others go to the museum where the other meteorite is. The Landick Siblings realize the meteor is a fake as Alata sees Rasil, who has the real one. Confronting her, Rasil reveals she is the meteorite is dangerous before they are attacked by Gyōten'ō of the Supernova. The Goseigers transform, but are powerless against Gyōten'ō as Deinbaruto of the Morning Star takes the meteorite from Rasil and unseals the Horn of Ragnarok (ラグナロクの角笛, Ragunaroku no Tsunobue) from the two meteorites before the aliens take their leave. As the others learn that the Horn of Ragnarok is a doomsday weapon can destroy worlds, word of it infamy theorized by Hyde to have reached Earth and became the inspiration for the Ragnarok myth. Alata chases after Rasil and learns that she was from a planet destroyed by the horn who was attempting to stop Warstar from getting their hands on it.Later, Gyōten'ō & Deinbaruto are greeted by Buredoran who assumes his Warstar guise and offers his services before Gyōten'ō gives Deinbaruto the Horn to begin the end of the world. Assuring Rasil that he and the other Gosei Angels will stop it, Alata is joined by his allies before they all ambushed by specters assuming the forms of various Warstar aliens while subjecting them through a series of illusions before Gosei Knight arrives and defeats the phantoms. Leaving Rasil under Gosei Knight's protection, the Gosei Angels find Gyōten'ō & Deinbaruto as they assume Goseiger forms to fight them and Buredoran after Gyōten'ō swallows the Horn of Ragnarok. Fighting in both his Warstar and Yummajuu guises, Buredoran uses his Bibi Bugs to enlarge Gyōten'ō after Deinbaruto is destroyed. But with the Dragon Headder damaged during the fight, Gosei Red unable to form Gosei Great. However, Rasil's praying gives the Goseigers the Gosei Wonder Card. Summoning Gosei Wonder, they form Wonder Gosei Great to fight Gyōten'ō. With Rasil's morale support, the Goseigers manage to destroy both Gyōten'ō and the Horn of Ragnarok with Wonder Strike. Later, after thanking Alata and the Gosei Angels for their help, Rasil leaves Earth returns to her home world to rebuild it alongside another survivor. The Gosei Angels wave goodbye to Rasil with their battle with Warstar truly over.
Psycho III	1	"In 1982, Norman Bates works at the Bates Motel and lives with the preserved corpse of his mother, Emma Spool. Local law enforcement and Norman's ex-boss, Ralph Statler, are concerned because Mrs. Spool has been missing for over a month. Duane Duke, a sleazy musician desperate for money, is offered the job of assistant motel manager to replace the late Warren Toomey who was fired by Norman. Tracy Venable, a journalist from Los Angeles, is working on an article about serial killers being released. She believes Norman is killing again, so when Norman appears at the diner, Tracy attempts to talk with him. Unaware of her ulterior motives, Norman opens up to her but is distracted when Maureen Coyle, a young, mentally unstable former nun, enters. He is startled because she resembles his former victim, Marion Crane. Seeing the initials ""M.C."" on her suitcase, Norman panics and leaves the diner.""Mother"" enters Maureen's bathroom later that night, intending to kill her, only to find that Maureen has attempted suicide by cutting her wrists. The shock of this causes Norman to reassert his personality while a delirious Maureen mistakes ""Mother"" holding a knife for the Virgin Mary holding a silver crucifix. Norman brings Maureen to a hospital and offers that she stay as long as she needs to. After she is released, they begin a romantic relationship. Later that night, Duane picks up a girl named Red at a bar, but after Red makes it clear that she wants more than just a fling, Duane throws her out. Red tries to call a cab, but ""Mother"" shatters the phone booth door and stabs Red to death. The following day, tourists arrive at the motel, where they plan to watch a local football game. Meanwhile, Tracy searches Mrs. Spool's apartment. She discovers the Bates Motel's phone number written on a magazine cover repeatedly.Patsy Boyle, the only sober guest, is murdered by ""Mother"". Norman discovers Patsy's body and buries her in the motel's ice chest outside the office. The next morning, Sheriff Hunt and Deputy Leo appear to investigate Patsy's disappearance. Tracy tells Maureen about Norman's past, causing Maureen to stay with Father Brian, who took care of her at the hospital. Norman finds that his mother's corpse is missing and finds a note stating that she is in Cabin 12. Duane demands a large sum of money to keep quiet or else he will turn Norman over to the police. They fight and Norman beats Duane with his guitar until he loses consciousness. Norman drives Duane's car to the swamp with Duane and Patsy's bodies in it. Duane then regains consciousness and attacks Norman, who accidentally drives into the swamp. Norman escapes the car while Duane drowns. Meanwhile, Tracy talks to Statler and Myrna about Mrs. Spool and discovers she was working at the diner before Statler bought it from Harvey Leach. Tracy meets with Leach, a resident at an assisted living facility, and is informed that Mrs. Spool had also been institutionalized for murder.Maureen convinces herself that Norman is her true love and returns to the motel. Norman and Maureen share a tender moment at the top of the staircase when ""Mother"" shouts furiously at Norman, startling him. He loses his grip on Maureen's hands, causing her to fall down the stairs, killing her. Enraged, Norman promises ""Mother"" that he will get her for this. Tracy enters the house and finds Maureen dead, then sees Norman dressed as ""Mother"" bearing a knife, but is unable to flee. She tries reasoning with Norman by explaining his family history: Emma Spool was his aunt and was in love with Norman's father, but he married her sister, Norma. Mrs. Spool kidnapped Norman when he was a baby, after killing Mr. Bates, believing Norman was the child ""she should have had with him"". When she was caught, Norman was returned to Norma while Mrs. Spool was institutionalized. Tracy discovers Mrs. Spool's corpse in the bedroom. Norman takes off his dress. ""Mother"" orders him to kill Tracy, but when Norman raises the knife, he attacks ""Mother"" instead, dismembering Mrs. Spool's corpse. Sheriff Hunt takes Norman to his squad car. Hunt informs Norman that they may never release him from the institution again. Norman replies: ""But I'll be free...I'll finally be free."" In the back of the squad car, Norman caresses a trophy he concealed: the severed hand of Mrs. Spool. He strokes the hand and smiles craftily."
8 Thottakkal	2	The film starts with an orphaned boy, Sathya, getting framed by the employer for the murder of his wife and is sent to juvenile. He befriends the warden who helps him secure the sub inspector job.Sathya remembers what his warden taught him and stays honest in his profession. Unlike the other policemen at his station, he refuses to be involved in bribes and is made an outcast. One day, Sathya helps a writer who is beaten by his corrupt inspector, Gunasekaran. Thinking that Sathya is trying to become a hero by making him look bad, the inspector plans to shame Sathya. The inspector then arranges for Sathya to shadow a dangerous gangster. While shadowing the gangster, he loses his gun fully loaded with 8 bullets. The inspector gives him one day to find his lost gun or face disciplinary action.With the help of a reporter friend, Meera, Sathya nabs the boy who pickpocketed his gun but the boy has sold the gun. The guy who bought the gun attempts a robbery and in the process he accidentally shoots and kills a little girl. Meera, in danger of losing her job tells her superiors about the case, it goes viral, and Sathya is suspended from duty. Sathya hides from police as he will be arrested, and is tracked down by Pandian, the new handler of the case, Pandian says that if Sathya was a real policeman he should never stop searching, which causes Sathya to join him. Meanwhile, one of the robbers tries to buy his girlfriend a necklace for her birthday and takes all the fresh notes available, despite the boss's opposition. In the jewelry shop, he is exposed as the police kept track of the serial number of the fresh notes. He escapes the arrest and goes to get his share. After a confrontation with the boss he tries to steal all the money and the leader shoots and kills him. The remaining two dispose the body. The second robber fearing he also will be shot dead by the boss, contacts police. When the police attempt to arrest the boss with a ploy the boss shoots and kills the second robber and made sure there is no one left to connect him with the robbery.Sathya meets an old police man, Krishnamurthy, who got suspended for letting a terrorist slip away as a constable. It turns out that Gunasekaran accepted a bribe from the terrorist and let him go, but this has already ruined Murthys profession. Sathya talks to Murthy about life and how things have changed. After this, Murthy sees the man who sold him the gun and leaves. Murthy kills him with the same gun when he follows Murthy to a restroom. However we learn that Murthy is actually the leader of the robbery and he kills the officer who didn't sanction his Provident Fund. Sathya, now looking for clues in the murder, finds Murthy's application sanctioned and goes to his house to give it to him. However, Murthy's son tells him that the application got sanctioned earlier and Murthy gave the money to the family, by connecting the murder of the guy who sold the gun and Murthy's son's statement he figures out that Murthy is the robber and the boss. Meanwhile, Murthy follows Gunasekaran to a bank and attempts another robbery and kills him, after which he throws the money on the street. When Murthy returns home he finds out that the police have surrounded him. Pandian takes Murthy's grandson hostage and there is a confrontation in which Sathya walks out with his gun . He later tells the investigation board that Murthy shot Pandian dead and Sathya had killed Murthy in self-defense. Sathya is given his job back.As Sathya drives with Meera, she tells him that he should not feel bad for Murthy, as he was a bad person. And we are shown what actually happens in that room. Pandian with his gun on Murthy's grandsons head slips, and a shot is fired. Murthy in shock, shoots and kills Pandian, but it turns out that Pandian missed and did not hit Murthy's grandson. Sathya grabs Murthy and fights him, but cannot hurt him as he feels sorry for him. Murthy stands up and grabs the gun and tells Sathya to shoot him. He then explains that he did not tell his family about his cancer because he heard the family speaking why god didn't take him instead of his wife. He then says he robbed the bank for them and that he wanted to live his last days as a king. Murthy also says he did not mean to shoot the child and breaks down. Murthy grabs Sathya's hands, puts the gun to his forehead and says he doesn't want to put the family in shame by going to prison then shoots himself dead with the last bullet when Sathya hesitates.After this flashback, at a stop light, Sathya sees the employer that framed him, on the side of the street, and the movie ends.
Grandview, U.S.A.	2	"Eighteen-year-old Tim Pearson, a soon-to-be graduate of Grandview High School, wants to go to Florida to study oceanography. Tim's father, Roger Pearson, loans Tim his brand new Cadillac to go to the Prom with his date Bonnie Clark. Later, while parked near a stream, Tim and Bonnie are making out in the Cadillac, when they feel the car moving, only to discover that the car is falling into the stream. Tim and Bonnie walk to ""Cody's Speedway"" to get a tow truck, Bonnie calls her father, who is so angry about the accident that he punches Tim. Mechanic Michelle ""Mike"" Cody comes to Tim's defense, and has Ernie ""Slam"" Webster, a local demolition derby driver, tow the car, taking Tim along. Slam stops at the bowling alley to see if his wife Candy had been there, but she wasn't.The next morning, Tim goes to see his father at his office. He talks to Tim and hints to him that he does not want Tim to drive his car again. Tim runs into Mike and thanks her for helping him with the car.Tim goes out to the Speedway, where he meets Mike's mentally challenged brother, Cowboy. Later on that night, Mike goes to the bar to see her uncle, Bob Cody, and asks if she can borrow $10,000, so she can fix up the Speedway. Bob doesn't have that kind of money, but wants to help her. Just then, they both hear a drunken Slam beating on a video game. Mike and Bob help Slam out to her truck. Mike and Slam talk about old times they had together.Slam is at work the next morning, hungover, but his boss tells him to go home. Slam gets home and sees his wife Candy with another man, Donny. Enraged, he jumps on the lover's car demanding that Candy come back to him; in the ensuing struggle, Donny accidentally shoots himself in the foot. At the hospital, Candy declines to press charges, but refuses to come home with him.That night, Mike sees Slam sleeping in his truck. Mike tries to comfort him, believing that he does not really love Candy, and is simply afraid of being alone. Later that day, Slam comes back and asks Mike if she wants to go out for dinner, but she tells him has to go to a County Commission meeting.Tim and his dad go the same meeting, and Tim tells Roger that he wants to go to Florida; Roger is not too happy with his decision. At the Town Hall, Roger asks Tim to go to his office and get his Rolaids. In the office, Tim sees plans for the Speedway renovation on his dad's desk. At the meeting, Mike asks the commission for more time to come up with the money to fix up the Speedway, but the commission won't give it to her. Tim comes in and reveals what they have planned. He then gets into an argument with his father and leaves. He runs into Mike, who thanks him for saving her place. They both go for a hamburger at the local restaurant, and Mike invites Tim to her house, where they spend the night together. Mike asks Tim if he still wants to drive in the Derby, she gives him a car to drive. In the morning, Slam shows up at the door and discovers them in bed together; he leaves, upset.Later on that day, Roger sees Tim near the stream, and says he is sorry about the fight. He asks Tim to give Illinois State University a chance, but Tim wants to go to Florida.At the Speedway, Mike sells her old cars to make extra money; this upsets Cowboy, who runs off crying.Slam goes to his house and sees his stuff on the lawn. Donny stands by the door and taunts Slam, telling him he called the cops. Slam gets his things and leaves.Later that night, the Demolition Derby is going on, and Tim is in the race, competing against Slam. At the race's climax, Slam crashes into Tim. Mike is mad cause she thinks Slam did it on purpose, and tells him to leave the track.Later that night, Candy and Donny are having sex in Slam's house when, suddenly, Slam appears on a bulldozer and knocks the walls down. The cops arrest Slam.As Tim and Mike drive home from the hospital, they see firetrucks passing by, and discover that the Speedway has burned down. Mike asks her mother what had happened, and she says it just started up. In the morning, however, the police discover that the gas tank was unlocked. It is eventually revealed that Cowboy started the fire because Mike sold the old cars. Tim and Mike talk, and she admits she is in love with Slam.Mike goes to bail Slam out from jail. He offers to help fix the Speedway, but Mike says she will sell the land to Roger Pearson; that way, they can afford to start a life together. Mike asks Slam for a favor.Tim is on his way to Chicago, with his family in tow to say goodbye. The bus leaves and a car is driving by the side of the bus; it is Slam, who gives Tim the old car and money for his trip to Florida."
Topaze	1	"Prof. Auguste A. Topaze (John Barrymore), an honest, naive chemist and schoolteacher at the Stegg Academy in Paris, loses his job when he refuses to accede to a demand by the Baroness de La Tour-La Tour to alter the grades of her bratty son, Charlemagne.On the same day, Friday the 13th, Topaze calls on the Baron de La Tour-La Tour's mistress, Coco (Myrna Loy), who is looking for a tutor for her sister's son, Alphonse, and had gotten Topaze's name from La Tour. Upon meeting and listening to the sincere remarks of Topaze, the baron, head of the La Tour Chemical Works, decides to employ him as a scientific front for his phony curative water.After an encounter at a cafe, where the Baron narrowly avoids a scene with his wife by calling Coco ""Madame Topaze"", Coco reveals the true nature of her relation to the Baron to the naive Professor. When they arrive late back to Coco's apartment, the Baron is jealous, but soon realizes Topaze is entirely innocent.Unaware that the water, ""Sparkling Topaze,"" which is being sold all over Paris, does not contain the medicinal formula he invented for it, Topaze is shocked when Dr. Bomb (who had turned down the ""honor"" of having the fradulent water named for him) shows up, demanding 100,000 francs from the Baron or he will expose the fradulent product. But the Baron blackmails him in return with information about his previous identity, and Bomb is dragged out.After confirming for himself, in the lab and in a local restaurant, that ""Sparkling Topaze"" is in fact phony, a dazed Topaze returns to Coco's apartment the next morning, where Coco fusses over him. At first, he is ready to be arrested, but the men who are shown in are instead a delegation from the Bureau of Awards and Merits, who award him the Academic Palms. All are friends and business associates of the Baron, and the scales begin to fall from Professor Topaze's eyes.His naivete thoroughly destroyed, declaring ""Topaze lies dead in an alley"", Topaze decides to fight back by becoming more corrupt than his mentors. He remakes his image and, with Bomb as his assistant, he opens his own office, where he makes dignitaries wait to see him. One is Dr. Stegg, who now wants Topaze to preside at the graduation at the school. Topaze succeeds in blackmailing the Baron into a partnership in his company with a complete account of his relationship with Coco, which he threatens to show to the Baroness, whose name the shares in the company are in.At the Stegg Academy graduation, Topaze, who has also garnered the romantic attention of Coco, is to distribute the prize, which he is told is to go to his former nemesis, Charlemagne de La Tour-La Tour. He gives a little speech about his experiences in the great world, that honesty isn't always rewarded and that villainy often receives more applause than virtue. Declaring that he will not reward wrongdoers, he shows up Charlemagne's ignorance relative to all his classmates, then awards the prize to them instead.He is last seen escorting Coco into the cinema."
Coolie No.1	1	Ranjani (Tabu) is a proud woman, the daughter of Koteswara Rao (Rao Gopal Rao), a multimillionaire in Singapore. Once when she is traveling towards Hyderabad in the train, she stops the train for her fallen lipstick which leads to the death of Parvathamma (dubbing Janaki). Raju (Venkatesh) Coolie No: 1 at Secunderabad Railway Station. Raju and Ranjani always have so many clashes between each other. Rajani calls her father Koteswara Rao from Singapore and both of them implicate Raju in a rape case and send him to jail.However, Raju is successful in escaping from jail. Due to Raju's threat Koteswara Rao and Ranjani goeto Singapore. Raju also reaches there with the help of Ranjani's mother Gruhalakshmi (Sarada). Raju changes himself as Bharat and showcases himself as a big shot before Ranjani and makes her fall in love with him. Everyone agrees to their marriage, but Buchi Babu (Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao), partner of Koteswara Rao, and his son Gopal (Mohan Babu) who wants to marry Ranjani, find out that he is none other than Coolie No: 1, Raju. After completion of the marriage, Raju reveals the truth. Everyone is shocked, Ranjani is disturbed and she also throws away the holy Hindu wedding chain (Mangalsutram).After that, everyone goes back to India. Raju arranges their marriage reception in India. To overcome this problem Koteswara Rao contacts a local goon, Ranga Rao (Kota Srinivasa Rao), to stop the reception. He creates a big communal riot in Raju's colony which leads to the death of smany innocent people. In that frustration and anger Raju makes Ranjani pregnant by giving her sedation with Gruhalakshmi's help. She makes all possible attempts to remove the baby, but fails. Finally, she decides to throw away the baby after giving birth.Meanwhile, Ranga Rao, Buchi Babu and Gopal try to kill Koteswara Rao for his property but Raju protects him which makes him realize. Ranjani gives birth to the baby boy; even then she will not leave her arrogance, and throws away the child. Raju decides to leave her on her fate goes away with the baby, in that anger Gruhalakshmi reveals Ranjani's past that she is not their own daughter, she is a daughter of a railway coolie and the woman who died in the beginning due to her negligence is her own mother. Listening to this Ranjani admits her mistake. At the same time Ranga Rao, Buchi Babu and Gopal beat Raju very badly, kidnap the baby, and blackmail Ranjani for her entire property documents. Ranjani runs towards Raju's help and says sorry to him by falling down on his feet. Finally, Raju protects the baby and eliminates all the baddies. The movie ends with the remarriage of Raju and Ranjani.
The Wee Man	2	"In Glasgow, in 1990, Paul Ferris (Martin Compston) is jailed at Barlinnie Prison in Glasgow. In his cell, he reflects back on his childhood.One night, young Paul's father puts him to bed after he is awoken by a fight in a van outside. He tells young Paul how to survive in the world; To always beware of strangers, to always be loyal, and to be a ""lion"" and avoid following others in his actions. The next morning, whilst walking his dog, Paul witnesses an armed robbery at a local off-licence by the Banks brothers, infamous local hooligans of a crime family, who afterwards harass young Paul and murder his dog.During his teenage years, Paul is making his way to a party, when his father spies him carrying a knife, and convinces him to drop it. Later, the Banks brothers crash the party, threatening Paul and wrecking the house. In a fit of rage, Paul goes back to retrieve the knife, and returns to the house to find two of the Banks brothers sexually assaulting his girlfriend. He stabs both of them (albeit not killing them) and flees to his older sister's house, where she berates him for the violence, as their older brother is serving life in prison for murder. Paul tells her he enjoyed the violence, as it made him feel in control.In prison, Paul arranges for one of the Banks brothers in prison to be killed, and fights his associate and friend Bob in order to be both thrown into solitary confinement as an alibi. The prison warden lectures him about his overconfident attitude, and tells him he'll be imprisoned again after he leaves three days later. Paul is released and is taken home by childhood friends Jimmy and Johnny, refusing an invitation to a party for Paul by Glasgow godfather Arthur Thompson. Paul recalls his father telling him to steer clear of Thompson, calling him ""The Devil incarnate.""Paul struggles to reconnect with his wife Anne Marie, arguing with him for fear of him being imprisoned or killed. Later, Paul goes to the local pub to meet with Arthur Thompson, and encounters his obnoxious, cocaine addicted son Junior ""Fat Boy"" Thompson. When Paul meets with Arthur, the godfather praises Paul for the hit in prison, and gives him a job. At this point, Paul recalls his childhood, when he had witnessed Arthur executing a man at gunpoint. Later, young Paul and his friends take the dead man's money from his wallet, which the police eventually confiscate and interview young Paul and his parents about the murder. Later, Paul's father tells him to never tell anyone secrets such as what he had allegedly seen that day.Paul and Anne Marie attend a Hogmanay party held by Arthur and his wife Rita. To Junior's scorn, he talks to Paul in private about how Junior was scammed for £50,000 worth of drugs, and tasks Paul with retrieving the drug money. Later that night, whilst on her way home, a car bombing kills Arthur's mother and leaves Arthur hospitalised. Arthur orders Paul and associate Tam to find the culprits. They are informed that the Banks brothers were responsible for the attack. Notorious gangster Tam ""The Licensee"" McGraw (John Hannah) makes it clear that they have his support on retaliation. Meanwhile, Anne Marie becomes pregnant, to which Paul is overjoyed.While Paul and Junior are on a job, an attempt on the sighted Banks brothers' lives goes awry when Junior says he is unarmed, however Paul later sees that Junior was, in fact, armed. Junior later reveals to Arthur his jealousy of Arthur praising Paul, sparking his rivalry. Later that night, Arthur green lights a home invasion massacre of the Banks family. Junior's rivalry with Paul escalates when he attempts to kill the Banks' mother and wife, which Paul intervenes in by holding Junior at gunpoint. During a debt collection job, Tam and Paul witnesses Junior slash a father's face in front of his children, which shocks and disturbs Paul due to Anne Marie's pregnancy.Paul expresses his wishes to leave Glasgow to Anne Marie as a result of the slashing incident, saying that he has become what he had always hated, and that he wishes to turn his back on crime. Junior is later seen to be secretly working with McGraw to assassinate Arthur, and to have Paul imprisoned. While Paul is serving an eighteen month sentence for possessing a weapon, McGraw has Paul framed for sanctioning a hit attempt on Arthur. As a result, Paul vilifies the Thompsons. After serving his sentence and meeting his son, Paul is told by Anne Marie that she no longer loves him.In an effort to draw out Paul, Junior has Paul's father beaten up in an alley. McGraw tells Paul he supports him in his wish for vengeance on Junior. Later, Junior, whilst on a cocaine binge, is brutally executed by Paul outside Arthur's home. Paul is arrested and remanded in custody for Junior's murder. With Paul in jail, Arthur sanctions the murder of Jimmy, Johnny, and associates Bobby and Joe, in joint effort with McGraw. Paul learns of McGraw's betrayal, and threatens him, saying that he will take revenge when he is released. Paul is eventually acquitted of Junior's murder, and makes a public statement of how he resents Arthur and explains how he was being framed as a police informant. Final scenes show McGraw escaping assassination and boarding a flight to Tenerife, but despairs as he notices Tam and Bob sitting behind him on the plane.The film closes with text stating the current fates of the depicted real-life characters: Anne Marie and Paul have since separated; After many attempts on his life, Arthur ""The Godfather"" Thompson died of natural causes at 61; Junior Thompson's murder remains unsolved; Rita Thompson never got over Arthur and Junior's deaths and died of a broken heart; Tam ""The Licensee"" McGraw died aged 55 (of a heart attack); Bobby and Joe's murders remain unsolved; Paul Ferris still lives in Glasgow, and has since turned his back on crime."
The Doctor's Dilemma	2	In London in 1906, colleagues rush round to the Harley Street house of the unmarried Dr Ridgeon to congratuate him on being awarded a knighthood for his claim that he can cure tuberculosis (though in reality at that time there was no certain cure). Among them is Dr Blenkinsop, who was at medical school with him but now looks after poor patients who cannot afford to pay much and is himself infected with TB. Waiting in his hall is the young and lovely Jennifer Dubedat who, having heard of his alleged cure, wants him to treat her husband Louis, a penniless artist. Struck by the beauty and charm of Jennifer, and by the quality of her husband's drawings which she shows him, he lets her believe he will try to save Louis but stresses that his treatment is long and expensive and that he can only handle ten patients at a time. So that he can meet Louis, and see more of Jennifer, he invites the two to a celebration dinner he is hosting that night.While Louis is like his wife good-looking and charming, it emerges that he scorns all trappings of conventional morality, being a feckless liar, thief and seducer (a waitress recognises him as her vanished husband). Now highly doubtful about Louis, Ridgeon arranges with colleagues to visit the studio where he lives and assess his case. Recognising that his TB is far advanced, Ridgeon passes him on to a colleague and decides to take Blenkinsop instead. To Jennifer this is treachery and she begins to hate Ridgeon, while he hopes that he might marry her as soon as she is a widow. Beyond cure, Louis soon dies and in a moving last speech states his belief that love and beauty surpass all of conventional morality. He also begs Jennifer not to mourn but to marry again and be happy.In a postscript, Ridgeon attends the one-man exhibition of Louis' works, which are selling well. Jennifer refuses to let him buy a painting and leaves with her new husband.
Spellbinder	1	When Los Angeles attorney Jeff Mills and his friend Derek Clayton rescue a young beautiful woman, Miranda Reed, from an apparently abusive boyfriend, the trouble starts. Miranda has no home so Jeff offers her to stay at his house. Jeff unknowing becomes involved with Miranda and the web of intrigue that follows her. But as the two became lovers, Jeff learns that Miranda is on the run from the witches' coven (to which she belongs).But now the coven wants Miranda back as a sacrifice at the winter solstice tomorrow night. She must come to them of her own free will, and the coven try to force her into doing so, using sorcery to taunt and terrify the two of them. Miranda tells Jeff of her situation, but not the entire truth, and Jeff willingly helps Miranda out of her troubles, but creates his own.
The Pumpkin Eater	1	The story revolves around Jo Armitage (Bancroft), a woman with an ambiguous number of children from three marriages, who becomes negative and withdrawn after discovering that her third (and current) husband, Jake (Finch), has been unfaithful to her. After a series of loosely related events in which Jake's infidelity is balanced by his reliability as a breadwinner and a father, Jo and Jake take a first tentative step toward reconciliation.Most of the story is based on two issues: Jo's frequent childbearing and Jake's extramarital affairs. The question of Jo's fertility is first broached by her psychiatrist. He suggests that she may feel uncomfortable with the messiness or vulgarity of sex and that she may be using childbirth to justify it to herself. This does not prevent her from becoming pregnant again, but she follows suggestions by Jake and her doctor that she have an abortion and be sterilized, and she seems happy after the operation.Meanwhile, signs accumulate that Jake has been having affairs while pursuing a successful career as a screenwriter. The first indication of his infidelity concerns a woman who lived with the Armitage family for a while. Jake reacts irrationally and unconvincingly to Jo's questioning after the children tell her the woman fainted into Jake's arms. The second sign comes from Bob Conway (Mason), an acquaintance who alleges an affair between his wife and Jake during production of a film in Morocco. Finally, Jake admits some of his infidelities under heated interrogation by Jo. After venting her frustration by furiously assaulting him, she retaliates by having an affair with her second husband. This elicits coldness from Jake.In the film's finale, Jo spends a night alone in the windmill (near the converted barn she had lived in with her second husband and children) that the couple has been renovating. The following morning, Jake and their children arrive at the windmill with food. Seeing how happy her children are with Jake, Jo indicates her acceptance of him by sadly but graciously accepting a can of beer from him, a gesture which echoes another scene in the windmill from a happier time in their marriage.
The Chaos Experiment	2	A deranged man calling himself James Pettis (Val Kilmer) approaches The Grand Rapids Press demanding that it publish his predictions about the upcoming demise of civilization due to the conditions of global warming, warning that he has trapped a group of six people in a Turkish-style steamroom to demonstrate the effects of this environment on humans.[1] A local police detective Mancini (Armand Assante) tries to get Pettis to reveal information that will help him confirm the truth of his threat and to rescue the hostages, but over the course of the interrogation begins to suspect that either Pettis' story is a delusional hoax, or that the steamroom killing has already taken place.As Pettis describes developments in the streamroom to Mancini, the scene is shown of three men and three women meeting in the steamroom of a luxury hotel as part of an online dating promotion, then being locked in together. When they discover that they have been locked in, they react badly: Frank (Quinn Duffy) becomes abusive to Jessie (Eve Mauro), and is killed in her defense by openly neurotic Margaret (Cordelia Reynolds). Jessie is killed with a nail gun by an unseen assailant when she pokes her head through the small window in the steamroom door; Christopher (Patrick Muldoon) is injured in the hand with a nail as the window is boarded over from outside. Margaret becomes agitated and commits suicide. Grant (Eric Roberts) is bludgeoned by Catherine (Megan Brown) after he accuses her and Christopher of being allies of the perpetrators and repeatedly holds her head underwater.Mancini's call to Pettis' psychiatrist finally brings staff from the local state psychiatric hospital, from which Pettis recently escaped. It is revealed that Christopher and Catherine are staff at this facility, and are unhappy with Pettis for going to the news media and police with this story.
Love Bite	1	In the seaside town of Rainmouth, four teenagers set off to have sex in order to stay alive. However, the boys have to attract the girls first in order to complete their mission. Otherwise, they will be hunted and killed by a vicious werewolf that only seems interested in virgins.
Uncle Silas	0	Caroline Ruthyn is the teenage niece of her elderly uncle Silas, a sickly and at one time unbalanced man who becomes her guardian on the death of her father. The fact that Silas is broke and greedy and young Caroline is the heir to her father's vast fortune is reason enough for Caroline to be wary, but her fears increase when she meets Silas's perverted son and when she discovers that her fearsome former governess, Madame de la Rougierre, is working with her uncle...
Yeh Khula Aasmaan	2	Avinash, a young intelligent boy experiences an extremely challenging phase of life due to his academic failures. He feels an immense vacuum which unfortunately his busy parents are unable to fill. In desperation, he visits his grandfather Dadu after several years.Being the best kite runner of his era, Dadu uses the 'kite' to subtly impart the lessons of life and prepares Avinash to face life.The Movie is inspired by a True Story.
Singam II	1	After having killed extortionist Mayil Vaaganam in the first film, Durai Singam (Suriya) has gone undercover after meeting the Home Minister, Ramanathan (Vijayakumar) and is working as an NCC officer in a school in Thoothukudi. The only people who know about this operation are the Chief Minister (K. Viswanath) and Ramanthan. Sathya (Hansika Motwani) is a student who falls for Durai Singam though he is waiting to marry Kavya (Anushka Shetty), his love interest. Durai Singam's father, Soundara Pandi is angry about him leaving the police force and refuses to speak with him. He also forbids the marriage between Durai Singam and Kavya, as he fears Kavya's father Mahalingam (Nasser) might take Durai Singam away to manage his business empire and that Durai Singam will lose respect within his relatives.Susai (Santhanam), a local who works in the same school shows Durai Singam parts of Thoothukudi and tells him about the rogue elements dominating the area helping him in his surveillance. He requests Ramanathan to transfer Erimalai (Vivek) and another cop to assist him. Sathya's moves are frequently repulsed by Durai Singam who learns that Sathya is the niece of rich exports businessman Thangaraj (Rahman). Bhai (Mukesh Rishi) and Thangaraj, pretend to be enemies, but are two criminals who control the south-east coastline of Tamil Nadu. Bhai and Thangaraj have connections with an international gangster and drug lord Danny (Danny Sapani), and are trafficking cocaine. Durai Singam doesn't know about their connection and keeps Bhai in his off duty surveillance.One day, due to a verbal fight in a pub, Bhai's chief drug importer, Saghayam (Rajendran) kidnaps a girl from another caste and holds her ransom until sunset and then releases her to damage her family name. This causes a communal problem in the city, and Durai Singam's school principal is advised to close the school for the day. With his info connections, Durai Singam learns of the problem, and takes charge as new Deputy-Superintendent of Police for the urban, and rescues the girl. He is lauded by the press and his father forgives him. Meanwhile, Sathya learns that Kavya and Durai Singam are strongly in love and distances herself from them.Then Durai Singam finds out about Thangaraj and Bhai's partnership. He plans to arrest Saghayam first, gathering evidence while Saghayam is out to sea, and waits to arrest him at the harbour. But Saghayam is bringing Danny with him to attend Thangaraj's new hotel's party. Sagyam is arrested by plan, and Durai Singam arrest Danny without knowing his identity, but due to lack of visa. Thangaraj tries multiple power levels to make Durai Singam release the duo, but it is not of any use. Finally they take Durai Singam to his superior's office, and then break open his station to release Danny and Saghayam. Durai Singam finds that Danny has escaped, the police station in ruins, and his fellow officers injured. All of Durai Singam's effort is spoiled due to his superior and the next morning he is suspended for unruly behaviour. Though without power, he warns Bhai that he knows about Danny and will return soon.Durai Singam meets Ramanathan at Chennai, and plans an operation to eliminate all gangs. He then gets re-appointed and gets his superior suspended. He gets authorization to kill drug dealers on sight even without evidence. Since the next load of drugs is ready to be delivered by Danny, Bhai decides that Saghayam will deliver the drugs to him in Kerala, and he will bring it back. But he is arrested by Durai Singam, drugs in hand.The next day, at Durai Singam's engagement function, a former adversary, Harbour Shanmugam informs him that Thangaraj has hired goons to attack his home at night and kill everyone. Durai Singam foils that plan also, by breaking his gun, giving it in the armoury and then killing the goons single-handedly. Durai Singam then places a drug bag insides Thangaraj's house and arrests Thangaraj and jails him. However, on the very next day, Durai Singam gets a phone call from someone to inform him that Sathya has died. He rushed to Thangaraj's house and there, he sees Sathya lying dead in her bed.He further analyzes that Sathya was killed by her own dad who poisoned her. Durai Singam seeks permission from Kavya for moving to South Africa as his marriage will take place in 3 days. Meanwhile, Durai Singam traces Danny to South Africa to do drug business again. Durai Singam goes to Africa to arrest Danny, and locks him in the same cell from where Danny had escaped.
Hiraasat	0	Hiraasat is an action film, featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Anita Raj in lead roles, well supported by Shatrughan Sinha, Hema Malini, Prem Chopra, Kalpana Iyer and Shakti Kapoor. Shatrughan Sinha played the character of an honest police office who could sacrifice everything for his country.
Indian Summer	0	"""Unca"" Lou Handler (Alan Arkin), the beloved camp director and owner of Camp Tamakwa, invites eight former campers, all now adults, back to the camp to announce his retirement. Lou claims to have chosen these friends as they were the group from the camp's ""golden years"" 20 years previously. Once there, the group comes to feel nostalgic memories of their youth and the unresolved feelings for each other begin to surface.[1][2][3]"
Texas Cyclone	0	Pecos Grant rides into a strange town only to find that everyone recognizes him, but not as Pecos Grant.
 Blinky Bill the Movie	1	In the town of Greenpatch in Australia, a courageous young koala called Blinky Bill (Ryan Kwanten) tells a story about his father, Bill Koala (Richard Roxburgh) while embarking on a journey across the wild and dangerous Australian outback in the hope of finding him.Blinky’s dad had created their home Green Patch, where every animal could feel safe and live in peace. Blinky has been influenced by the legend of his father, who is on an adventure to the Valley of White Dinosaurs. When Cranklepot the Lizard attempts to dominate Green Patch and become the ruler, Blinky realises that he must go in search of Bill Koala. Throughout his adventure he befriends a girl koala named Nutsy, a lizard named Jacko and a few other creatures who assist Blinky on his quest. He discovers that being a hero is complicated and requires teamwork.
About Cherry	2	Angelina (Hinshaw) is an 18-year-old girl not far from graduating from high school. Her boyfriend Bobby (Weston) suggests that she take naked pictures of herself and sell them. She is initially hesitant, but eventually does the photo shoot and uses the money to run away to San Francisco with her best friend Andrew (Patel). At a strip club party in the city, Angelina meets a wealthy lawyer named Francis (Franco), who offers to introduce her to a glamorous world of expensive dresses and lavish parties. Angelina also meets Margaret (Graham), a former porn star turned adult film director. Margaret offers Angelina, now using the porn name Cherry, direction in her entry into the San Francisco porn industry.[5][6] Angelina makes several soft pornography films before deciding to do a hardcore film. After Angelina shoots the film, an angry Francis chastises her before getting them in a car accident. Angelina returns home to find Andrew watching one of her films. After an argument, she decides to leave and meets Margaret at a bar. They make out before returning to Margaret's apartment to have sex. The final scene is of Angelina some time afterwards, having moved in with Margaret and becoming her lover, and takes on a new job as a porn director.
My Big Father	0	Kunjumon (Guinness Pakru) lands up in Kochi with an infant in hand. He approaches a teashop owner played by Innocent, with a recommendation letter, who says there is no scope for him there as the shop is on the verge of closing down. By the time the credits end, the business has turned around and the infant has grown up.The boy grows up to be a strapping young man Alby (Jayaram), dancing on the beaches of Goa with his father and a bunch of dancers for company.We see that the father too has 'grown up,' sporting a handle bar moustache with salt and pepper hair. He is now the owner of a successful catering firm, managed by his former employer.Everything is hunky dory and things stay in a comedic vein; the inkling of conflict comes in the form of a vow taken by Alby that he will not marry a girl who laughs at his father. As luck would have it, Alby falls in love with Ancy (Kanika), whom he spots in a shopping mall, and they get married. But things do not move smoothly, leading Kunjumon to ostracization from his own family and to contemplating suicide. Kunjumon is taken to the hospital, the doctor says that his head is seriously injured, which will cause some changes in his afterlife such as he will not remember anyone, and he might behave like a child.
The Ghost Goes West	1	Peggy Martin (Parker), the daughter of a rich American businessman (Eugene Pallette), persuades him to purchase a Scottish castle from Donald Glourie (Robert Donat), dismantle it and move it to Florida. Along with the castle goes its ghost.Murdoch Glourie (also played by Donat) haunts the castle after dying a coward's death in the 18th century. To find rest, he must get a descendant of the enemy Clan MacClaggan to admit that one Glourie is worth fifty MacClaggans.
San Andreas	1	"Raymond ""Ray"" Gaines is a Los Angeles Fire Department Air Rescue pilot in the midst of a divorce from his wife Emma, and planning a trip to San Francisco with his daughter Blake. Meanwhile, Caltech seismologist Dr. Lawrence Hayes and his colleague Dr. Kim Park are at Hoover Dam doing research for a new earthquake predicting model when a nearby and previously unknown fault ruptures. This triggers a 7.1 magnitude earthquake that collapses the dam and kills Park after he rescues a little girl and throws her to Hayes as he falls to the collapsing ground. When Ray is called into work because of this, Blake goes with her mother's new boyfriend Daniel Riddick to San Francisco, instead of Ray.Hayes discovers that the entire San Andreas Fault is shifting and will soon cause a major earthquake, thereby destroying cities along the fault line.In San Francisco, Daniel brings Blake to his office where she meets Ben, an engineer from England seeking employment and his brother, Ollie. Daniel and Blake leave the premises, but they become trapped in their car in the parking garage after a string of earthquakes, with Blake getting her legs pinned in the event. Daniel leaves the car and abandons Blake. Soon after, she is found by Ben and Ollie, who help her escape. They then find a working phone in Chinatown and Blake calls Ray and Emma, who fly to San Francisco to save her.En route, Ray's helicopter fails, forcing him to make an emergency landing at a shopping mall in Bakersfield. Amid the chaos of looting, he steals a Ford F-150 and he and Emma escape. They come across an older couple broken down on the side of the road where the San Andreas Fault has opened up, blocking the road and the couple, who happen to own an airplane, agree to give it up in exchange for Ray's truck.In San Francisco, Blake, Ben and Ollie are trying to find a place to signal Ray, as the point they agreed to meet at, Coit Tower, is engulfed in flames. On approach, Ray and Emma are forced to parachute at AT&T Park when a 9.6 magnitude quake hits, becoming the largest earthquake in history. Much of the city is left in ruins and Blake, Ben and Ollie narrowly survive. Ray and Emma, realizing they cannot make their way through the destroyed city, are able to commandeer a boat only to see that the water in the bay is beginning to recede, indicating that a tsunami is approaching.As it approaches, Blake, Ben, and Ollie run into a building under construction which Daniel helped design. Ray and Emma, accompanied by dozens of other people in boats, manage to make it over the wave before it crests, barely avoiding a huge cargo ship getting caught up in the wave. They then watch in horror as the giant tsunami hits the Golden Gate Bridge with the enormous cargo ship, which snaps the center span cleanly in two; Daniel is among those killed when a loose shipping container crushes him. The wave then proceeds into the ruined city, swamping cruise ships, killing thousands and flooding the building Blake is in. Emma and Ray make their way through the flooded downtown area and are finally able to locate Blake, Ben, and Ollie as the building begins to sink beneath the water. Ray dives into the building to save Blake as she becomes unconscious while trapped underwater, while Emma breaks into the building with the boat and rescues everyone just as the building also collapses; however, it appears too late as Blake has seemingly drowned. Ray, however, manages to resuscitate her, and the family is happily reunited.They head to a relief camp where the reconciled Ray and Emma talk about their future; on the remains of the Golden Gate Bridge, an American flag unfolds, giving hope that the city will recover and rebuild as rescue vehicles descend on the radically altered landscape of the San Francisco Bay Area. Then the camera zooms out to see the whole Bay Area, showing that the bay now extends south from San Jose to Santa Cruz, turning the San Francisco Peninsula into an island."
Toys in the Attic	1	Julian Berniers returns from Illinois with his young bride Lily Prine to the family in New Orleans. His spinster sisters Carrie and Anna welcome the couple, who arrive with expensive gifts. Julian tells them that while his factory went out of business, he did manage to save money. While the sisters are skeptical, there is much talk of a long-hoped-for trip to Europe for the two sisters. In fact, Julian has money from a real estate deal that he pulled off with the help of a former lover, Charlotte Warkins, who is now in an abusive marriage.Carrie is obsessed with her brother. Her jealousy, instigated by her sublimated incestuous desires for her brother, is aimed at Lily. Carrie tricks Lily into informing Charlotte's husband of a rendezvous between Charlotte and Julian, at which Julian was to give Charlotte her half of the money, and Charlotte was then going to leave her husband and escape the town. Charlotte's husband sends thugs who beat up Julian and maim Charlotte. The thugs take all the money, both Charlotte's and Julian's halves.Julian returns to the house and discovers that Carrie manipulated Lily into making the phone call to Charlotte's husband, by convincing her that they were actually going to leave together. After Carrie hurls insults at Julian and Anna, telling them they will both be failures, both leave the house, Julian to find and reconcile with Lily, and Anna going to Europe. Carrie is left alone, deluding herself into thinking they will both return one day.
Nammavar	1	Dr.Selvam (Kamal Haasan) is the new Vice-principal History professor in a college ruled by the Donor's son Ramesh (Karan) who is essentially a spoiled brat who owing to the lack of parental guidance turns into a no-gooder and also influences the other students in the college by his tyrannical use of money and power. Sparks fly between the two, but Selvam manages to transform most of the college.Vasanthi (Gouthami) is also a Professor in the same college who initially disapproves of Selvam's methods, but later falls for him. Selvam is revealed to be a cancer patient, who is seeking answers to fight his inner demons by doing good to the college. When all his methods to insult Selvam fail, and when one of his gang turns against him, Ramesh retaliates by implicating his ex-friend's lover, Nirmala (Brinda), who is also the daughter of one of the college lecturers, Prabhakar Rao (Nagesh), in a brothel raid, which leads to her suicide.The inevitable final clash ensues, where Selvam still does not want to harm Ramesh and is still willing to offer him a second chance. In the end, Selvam and Vasanthi leave for the US seeking a cure for his Cancer and hoping that the college will be truly reformed when they return.
The Family Secret	2	Law student David Clark kills best friend Art Bradley in self-defense after an argument. He flees, but later confesses to his father, Howard, a lawyer. The next morning, Howard expects his son to explain what happened to district attorney Redman, but instead David merely asks the DA if he can be of any help after another man, Joe Elsner, is arrested. Elsner is a bookie to whom the dead man owed a debt.Marie Elsner comes to Howard Clark, asking that he represent her husband in court. David sits by his father's and the defendant's side at the trial. He has always been irresponsible, which is why secretary Lee Pearson keeps resisting David's romantic attentions, even though she is attracted to him. Howard Clark proves a key eyewitness to be a convicted perjurer. It looks like Elsner might be found innocent, but the stress causes him to have a fatal heart attack. David finally realizes he must turn himself in and promises to Lee he will lead a better life.
Parole Girl	1	"When Sylvia Day (Mae Clarke) is caught trying to pull a scam on the Taylor Department Store in New York City, she pleads with the store manager to let her go, but his boss, Joe Smith (Ralph Bellamy), insists on following store policy, and she is handed over to the police, convicted and sentenced to a year in prison. Sylvia is consumed with the idea of getting revenge on Joe.She becomes friends with chatty fellow inmate Jeanie Vance (Marie Prevost), who offers to team up with her (and commit more crimes) once they have served their time. When Sylvia learns that Jeanie has a surprising connection to Joe, she decides to get out early. She sets a fire, then passes out from the smoke while trying to put it out. For her ""heroism"", she is granted parole.Tony Gratton (Hale Hamilton), her partner in the failed con, tries to talk her into marrying him and going to Chicago to continue their life of crime, but she is determined to avenge herself. Besides, she knows that Tony is already married.Sylvia stalks Joe, learning all she can about him. Then, she pretends to be an old acquaintance at a nightclub where Joe is celebrating his promotion to general manager by getting drunk. The next morning, Joe discovers her in his apartment. She informs him that they have gotten married. Joe laughs, then tells her that he already has a wife. She tells him she knows (it is Jeanie), then reveals her motives. Tony shows up, masquerading as the person who married them; he gives Joe the marriage license the couple supposedly left behind. Threatened with a charge of bigamy, Joe reluctantly agrees to support Sylvia for a year, the length of her parole.Tony tries again to get Sylvia to be his partner in crime. When she refuses, he slips a counterfeit $20 bill in her purse. Sylvia goes on a shopping spree and pays for some of her purchases with the bill. It is traced back to her, but when a policeman shows up to take her back to jail, Joe pretends that she took the money out of his pants pocket. As a store manager, he deals with counterfeit money all the time. The ploy works, and Jeanie sends back her extravagant purchases.Later, Joe calls her from the office and asks her for a favor. Mr. Taylor (Ferdinand Gottschalk), the store's somewhat eccentric owner, has found out that Joe is married, so he is coming to dinner at their apartment. While Sylvia is cooking, Jeanie arrives. Her friend has been released early and intends to blackmail her husband (whom she married long ago while he was in college and then lost track of), once she can locate him, before heading to Florida with Sylvia. Sylvia gets her to leave before Joe and Mr. Taylor show up (early) by promising to give her a decision the next day. Taylor insists on doing the cooking; he is fed up with being waited on by servants. He becomes very fond of the couple and hints at a promotion to vice president if they were to have a baby.The next day, Sylvia persuades Jeanie that it is too dangerous to try blackmail in New York because of her record and agrees to go with her to Florida. Sylvia leaves a letter for Joe explaining everything, ending with the admission ""I love you"". On the train, however, Jeanie reveals that she divorced Joe without his knowledge. Sylvia gets off and rushes back to the apartment; Joe has already read the letter and takes her in his arms."
Country Town	0	A severe drought strikes the town of Bellbird. Young reporter Philip Henderson arrives and stirs old tensions. The locals rally together and hold a fund-raising gymkhana.
Butler, TheThe Butler	2	In 2009, an elderly Cecil Gaines recounts his life story while waiting at the White House to meet the newly inaugurated president.In 1926, at the age of seven, Gaines is raised on a cotton plantation in Macon, Georgia. When the farm's owner rapes Cecil's mother, Cecil's father confronts him and is killed. Cecil is taken in by the estate's caretaker, who trains Cecil as a house servant.In 1937, at age eighteen, Cecil leaves the plantation. Desperately hungry, he breaks into a hotel pastry shop. The elderly master servant, Maynard, takes pity on Cecil and gives him a job. Cecil learns advanced serving and interpersonal skills from Maynard, who later recommends Cecil for a position in a Washington, D.C. hotel. While working there, Cecil meets and marries Gloria, and the couple has two sons: Louis and Charlie. In 1957, Cecil is hired by the White House during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration. White House maître d'hôtel Freddie Fallows introduces Cecil to head butler Carter Wilson and co-worker James Holloway. Cecil witnesses Eisenhower's reluctance to use troops to enforce school desegregation, then his resolve to uphold the law by racially integrating Little Rock Central High School in Arkansas.Louis, the elder son, becomes a university student at Fisk University in Tennessee, although Cecil feels that the South is too volatile. Louis joins a student program led by Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) activist James Lawson, which leads to a nonviolent sit-in at a segregated diner, where he is arrested. Gloria, who feels that Cecil puts his job ahead of her, descends into alcoholism.In 1961, after John F. Kennedy's inauguration, Louis and others are attacked by members of the Ku Klux Klan while on a freedom ride to Birmingham, Alabama. Louis participates in the 1963 Birmingham Children's Crusade, where dogs and water cannons are used to stop the marchers, one of the movement's actions which inspires Kennedy to deliver a national address proposing the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Kennedy is later assassinated. His successor, Lyndon B. Johnson, enacts the legislation. As a goodwill gesture, Jackie Kennedy gives Cecil one of the former president's neckties.Louis participates in the 1965 Selma Voting Rights Movement, which inspires Johnson to demand that Congress enact the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965. Johnson also gives Cecil a tie bar.In the late 1960s, after civil rights activist Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, Louis tells his family that he has joined the Black Panthers. Cecil orders Louis and his girlfriend to leave his house. Louis is arrested again. Cecil becomes aware of President Richard Nixon's plans to suppress the Black Panthers.Charlie confides to Louis that he plans to join the war in Vietnam. After enlisting, Charlie is killed and buried at Arlington National Cemetery. When the Black Panthers resort to violence, Louis leaves the organization and returns to college, earning his master's degree in political science and eventually running for a seat in Congress, although Cecil continues to hold resentment against him.Cecil repeatedly confronts his supervisor at the White House over the unequal pay and career advancement provided to the black White House staff. With President Ronald Reagan's support, Cecil prevails, his reputation growing to the point that he and his wife are invited by the Reagans to be guests at a state dinner. Cecil becomes uncomfortable with the class divisions in the White House. After witnessing Reagan's refusal to support economic sanctions against Apartheid South Africa, Cecil resigns.Gloria agitates for Cecil to mend his relationship with Louis. Realizing his son's actions are heroic, Cecil joins Louis at a protest against South African apartheid; they are arrested and jailed together.In 2008, Gloria dies shortly before Barack Obama is elected as the nation's first African-American president. Two months, two weeks and one day later, Cecil prepares to meet the newly inaugurated President, wearing the articles he received from Kennedy and Johnson. Stephen W. Rochon approaches Cecil and tells him the president is ready, preparing to show him the way to the Oval Office. Cecil tells him that he knows the way.
Grave Tales	1	A young, genealogist (Heather Darcy) whiles away her afternoon in an eerie graveyard to identify graves but stumbles upon an elderly gravedigger (Brian Murphy) anxious to share horror stories with her. The gravedigger delights in telling her four, ghoulish tales.The local butcher (Frank Scantori) has a lethal confrontation with a vampire and decides to use his shop as a perfect way to dispose of the remains. A regular shopper returns with her family to complain...After killing a junk shop owner (Edward de Souza) and stealing his antique mirror, a greedy man (Damien Thomas) discovers it reveals a portal to another world.A couple of escaped prisoners find themselves on the run. The only problem is that they are shackled together. They don't have time to go to the locksmith - what's the quickest way to remove the handcuffs?A newly recruited member of an all-girl rock group is invited to do a video for their up-and-coming single. Its got to be realistic and it involves blood and guts. The lengths that modern record companies need to go to sell records is shocking.
The Naked Truth	1	"Nigel Dennis (Dennis Price) is a blackmailer who threatens to publish embarrassing secrets in his magazine The Naked Truth. After attempting to blackmail a famous scientist (who commits suicide), and an MP (who suffers a heart attack in parliament, and probably succumbs), his latest targets are Lord Henry Mayley (Terry-Thomas), television host Sonny MacGregor (Peter Sellers), writer Flora Ransom (Peggy Mount), and model Melissa Right (Shirley Eaton). Several of them decide independently that murder would be a better solution than paying. However, it is Mayley who by sheer bad luck nearly ends up the victim of both MacGregor and Ransom's schemes. The four eventually join forces and try again. That attempt also fails, but Dennis is then arrested for an earlier crime.When Dennis threatens to reveal all at his trial, Mayley comes up with a scheme to break him out of prison and send him to South America, with the help of hundreds of his other victims. They phone in numerous fake calls for help, distracting the London police, while Mayley, MacGregor, and MacGregor's reluctant assistant Porter (Kenneth Griffith), disguised as policemen, whisk Dennis away. Knocking Dennis unconscious periodically, they finally end up in the cabin of a blimp on the way to a rendezvous with an outbound ship. To their dismay, when he comes to, Dennis refuses to go along with their plan, as he in fact never wanted to reveal any of their secrets in court. He was, in fact, optimistic about the trial anyway, and reveals that the evidence was his copies of ""The Naked Truth"" which had been destroyed by the plotters earlier. Happy to have outsmarted his opponents again, but unaware of where he is, Dennis then steps out for some air and plummets to the ocean below. When MacGregor celebrates by shooting his pistol, it punctures the blimp, which shoots away into the distance."
Samrat	0	The Diwan of a Kingdom, Guman Singh, has connections with the leader of a pirate gang. Sagar and two of his friends Kanhaiya and Kanu comes to know this connection from a wounded sailor. Bijli, a pub dancer, comes to know this. Sagar informs the King but due to the power exerted by the Diwan who is engaged to the King's daughter, Rajakumari, he is jailed as giving false information. Rajakumari suspects Guman and visits the pirates' island in disguise. She finds out the truth. She tells her father about it. When the King called for Guman, he sensed the trouble and stages a coup. He imprisons the King and places a look-alike as a dummy king. Rajakumari is forced to dance in the pirates' ship. Sagar, who was earlier released, attacks the ship and frees Rajakumari. He then kills Guman in a sword fight and releases the real King from prison.[4]
Battleground	2	"In mid-December 1944 Pvt. Jim Layton (Marshall Thompson) and his buddy Pvt. William J. Hooper (Scotty Beckett) are fresh replacements assigned to separate companies in the 327th Glider Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. As a newcomer Layton receives a chilly welcome from his squad. PFC Holley (Van Johnson) returns to the company after recuperating from a wound sustained from fighting in Holland (the Market-Garden Campaign).Instead of going on leave in Paris, the squad is trucked back to the front to help stop a surprise German breakthrough in the Ardennes. They stop that night in the town of Bastogne. The platoon is put up for the night in the apartment of a local young woman, Denise (Denise Darcel), with whom Holley hopes to fraternize. Jarvess (John Hodiak) is informed by Denise that she is taking care of two orphaned French girls. Jarvess later goes on guard in the village, where he runs into a group of battle weary soldiers. The soldiers inform Jarvess that they are making a ""strategic withdrawal"". The next morning, led by Platoon Sgt. Kinnie (James Whitmore), the men are ordered to dig in on the outskirts of town. Just as they are nearly done, they are ordered to a new location and have to dig in again.Holley, Layton and Kippton (Douglas Fowley) stand guard that night at a roadblock. A patrol of German soldiers, disguised as American soldiers, infiltrates their position and later blows up a nearby bridge. In the morning the squad awakes to a heavy winter storm. Roderigues (Ricardo Montalbán), a Latino from Los Angeles, is delighted by the novelty of snow, but his foxhole mate Pop Stazak (George Murphy), awaiting a ""dependency discharge"" that will send him home, is unimpressed. Layton goes over to see his friend Hooper, only to find that he had been killed hours before, and that no one in his company knew his name.Kinnie informs the squad about the infiltration and sends out a patrol—Holley, Roderigues and Jarvess to move through the woods. Just before they start out, the platoon is shelled by German artillery, causing Bettis (Richard Jaeckel) to panic and desert. During the barrage Layton reminds his squad leader, Sgt. Wolowicz (Bruce Cowling), of his name and finds for the first time that he has been accepted as a part of the squad. Holley's patrol briefly skirmishes with the infiltrators. Roderigues is wounded by machine-gun fire from an enemy tank. He is unable to walk, so Holley hastily conceals him under a disabled jeep half-buried in snow, promising to return for him. Unfortunately, by the time they can get back to him, Roderigues has died due to the exposure of the elements (freezing to death).Wolowicz, who has been wounded by shellfire, and a sick Cpl. Standiferd (Don Taylor) are sent back to a field hospital. Not too long after, Doc (Thomas E. Breen) informs the 2nd Squad that the field hospital had been captured. Holley is appointed the new squad leader, and partnered with Layton, while Pop Stazak is paired with Hansan (Herbert Anderson). When Pop's discharge comes in they find out from Kippton that the 101st is surrounded forcing Pop to stay with the men.Moved again and again, 3rd Platoon is attacked at dawn. Sgt. Garby from another squad (James Arness) is killed by machine gun fire. Hansan demonstrates bravery by crawling out of his foxhole and being the first to fire on the Germans, apparently hitting their commander. Just when it appears that the platoon will be overrun, Hansan is wounded and Holley loses his nerve and runs away. Layton follows Holley. Ashamed of his cowardice, Holley leads a flanking counterattack that defeats the German attack. The platoon leader, Lt. Teiss (Brett King), announces that he will recommend Hansan for a Silver Star. Jarvess's foxhole partner, country boy Abner Spudler (Jerome Courtland), is killed while trying to put on his wet boots.After they get Hanson to the aid station, the squad runs into Bettis, who is doing K.P. duty in the rear and gives them a hot meal. Holley discovers that Layton is a quick learner, finding him being entertained by Denise. Later, while on guard duty, they encounter a party of Germans who have come under a flag of truce to offer Brig. Gen. McAuliffe (Ian MacDonald) surrender terms, resulting in his famous reply of ""Nuts!"" to the puzzled Germans.[4]In the bitter, foggy weather, the squad is short of supplies – supply transport aircraft are grounded. Several men attend impromptu outdoor Christmas services held by a chaplain (Leon Ames). That night the Luftwaffe bombs Bastogne. Denise is killed. Bettis, slowed by his fear of going back to the lines, is killed by a collapsing house. The ""walking wounded"", including Hansan and mess sergeant he befriended (George Chandler), are recalled up to duty for a last-ditch defense of the town.As the platoon is down to its last few rounds of ammunition, the weather clears, allowing the Allied fighters to attack the Germans and C-47 transports to drop supplies, enabling the 101st to hold. Afterward, the siege lifted, Kinnie leads the survivors of the platoon toward the rear for a well-earned rest. As they move out, they spot a relief column of clean, well-equipped soldiers marching toward Bastogne. Kinnie begins calling ""Jody cadence"" and the veterans pull themselves together, proudly chanting the refrain as they pass the other GIs."
The Right Person	1	"Margo Lorenz plays the newly married Martha Jorgensen, who is sat in her Copenhagen hotel room waiting for her husband, Jorgen, to return. She receives a visit from the mysterious Mr. Rasmusson (Douglas Wilmer), who claims to have been a ""comrade"" of her husband during World War II. He asks her not to tell her husband he is there if he should call.When Jorgen rings, Martha tells him there is a visitor, but Rasmusson is furious that she has told him he is waiting, and produces a gun. He reveals that he and Jorgenson were two of a group of 12 men in the Danish underground resistance. They were discovered, and ten were shot. Rasmusson concludes that the only other survivor must have been the informer, whom he suspects has returned to the country to claim the equivalent of £5,000 stolen from the organisation. After more than ten years, he has sought out Jorgenson in order to kill him in revenge.The distraught Martha refuses to believe her husband could have lied to her, but eventually admits she has some doubts.When Jorgenson (David Markham) arrives home, he and Rasmusson talk, but Rasmusson does not reveal his true intent. After questioning him, Rasmusson establishes that Jorgenson is not the man he is looking for. The threesome drink together, and Rasmusson leaves in a noticeably cheerier mood, thankful to have spared Martha the distress of losing her husband.Martha is satisfied that her husband has not lied, until the final moments, when Jorgen reveals he has been out for the day on business, settling the estate of a late uncle - who has left him the princely sum of £5,000."
Kattu Vannu Vilichappol	1	Seetha, born in an orthodox Hindu family, falls in love with the lower-caste Unni and later elopes with him to Bombay. Four years later, one day, Unni goes missing at Bombay. Seetha is pregnant and had to return to her native place. Through a newspaper report, Seetha comes to know that Unni has committed suicide after knowing he was infected with HIV. The heart-broken Seetha is isolated by the society and even by her parents who believe that she is also infected. Abu, a kind-hearted Muslim ferryman is her only help. Hated and isolated by the society, Abu and Seetha has to face lot of troubles. One day, filmmaker Lohithadas, a friend of Unni, visits Seetha and informs her that Unni was killed by the Bombay underworld and the AIDS-news was all crafted by the wicked media. Meanwhile, some people try to kick Seetha out of the village and burn her house. The film ends with Seetha, her new-born baby and Abu fleeing to another village.
Escape to Paradise	0	Jaded playboy Richard Fleming travels to the South American nation of Rosarita. Through his motorcycle riding guide Roberto he discovers true love and a career as a Yerba mate exporter.
Her Minor Thing	0	"Everything was going fine for hot young 25-year-old Jeana (Estella Warren) until her newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed on TV that Jeana herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid 20s. Jeana is completely humiliated by this, and adding insult to injury is the fact that the revelation of her virginity has made her a target for every oversexed man in the immediate area, all of them determined to ""make a real woman out of her"". Noting dejectedly that ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin, everyman who looks at her ""wants a date"", all her optimistic romantic ideals have been shattered. Ultimately she cannot salvage her relationship with her newscaster boyfriend, but in the end, she does finally find a man, a photographer, who is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her virginity."
Kismat	1	Tony (Bobby Deol), works as a hit-man for gangster, Vikas Patil (Ashish Vidyarthi), who owes his allegiance to wealthy Raj Mallya (Kabir Bedi). Raj Mallya is involved in marketing spurious and out-dated drugs, and as a result is the subject of an investigation by the Food & Drugs Administration's inspector Dr. Hargobind Gosai (Mohan Joshi). Raj asks Vikas to take care of Hargobind through Tony, which Tony does, and in this manner, Raj is absolved of all wrongdoing. Then Tony meets with attractive starlet named, Sapna (Priyanka Chopra), and falls head over heels in love with her. When Sapna tells him that she is engaged to be married to Dr. Ajay Saxena, he is heart-broken. Then a scandal breaks out, and Hargobind is implicated in the deaths of three children that were killed by Raj's spurious drugs. All the evidence points against Hargobind, and not a single lawyer is willing to take his case; his wife kills herself, and the marriage of his daughter has been canceled. Then Tony finds out that Hargobind is none other than Sapna's dad – and he has ruined the only chance he had for marrying the girl of his dreams.
Adhe Kangal	1	Varun (Kalaiyarasan) is a well known blind chef and the owner of a popular restaurant in Chennai. One night, Deepa (Sshivada) comes in asking for leftover food for homeless. Varun helps her and eventually falls in love with her daily visits. Meanwhile, Varun's close friend Sadhana (Janani Iyer) approaches his parents and reveals her intentions of marrying Varun which they accept.Varun decides to propose Deepa in his restaurant when she comes to meet him in tears. She tells him that henchmen were pressing for their money and her father had promised to return the money in three days. Varun promises to help out from his own savings. The same night, Varun is met with an accident and is hospitalized during which his vision is restored. He is treated for three weeks and the hospital fee is paid out of his savings. Varun feels guilty and is disappointed for not helping out Deepa. When he is discharged, he is unable to locate Deepa. When his family presses him to marry Sadhana, he agrees.Several days later, an old man walks into the restaurant telling how his daughter Deepa has been kidnapped as they were unable to return the money. Varun calms him down and hatches a plan to hand over his wedding jewelry, but is conned of the jewels by the kidnapper. Later, Varun gets to know that Deepa's father is found dead at Kaniyakumari in a road accident. Varun decides to visit Kaniyakumari himself, to get clarity about Deepa's family. He works with a constable Panju faking his identity, as a journalist investigating the road accidents where the victim remains unidentified. They decide to find the whereabouts of the old man and they gather several clues on his hotel residence and phone number. These clues lead them to investigate the car that was involved in the accident and track down its owner as a blind man. After listening to his story, they get hold of photos of his girlfriend, Vasundhara and with Sadhana's help, they identify her as Deepa, Varun's ex-girlfriend.They find out that Vasundhara is a con artist and selects only blind men. She makes the blind men fall for her and then presents a story with a need for money which the blind men give. Varun and Panju find the commonality and pinpoint a list of potential targets. Sadhana with help of her journalist associates finds out the plan to con another blind man in Erode. They immediately travel to Erode and catch the culprit Vasundhara after several twists in the plot. The movie ends with Panju receiving commemorations from people for his efforts in nabbing the criminal.
Triumph of the Spirit	0	A stevedore in Thessaloniki, Greece, Salamo Arouch's passion is boxing. Captured along with his family and fiance Allegra in 1943 and interned in Auschwitz, Arouch is used by his SS captors as entertainment, forced to box against fellow prisoners. He knows that if he refuses, his family will be punished; if he wins, he will be given extra rations which he can share with them; if he loses, he will be sent to the gas chamber. As his family and friends die around him, he has only his love of Allegra and his grim determination to keep him alive.The film follows the early life story of Salamo Arouch, though it takes some artistic liberties including the early introduction of wife Allegra (a pseudonym for Marta Yechiel), whom Arouch did not actually meet until after the liberation of the camp.[2][3]
A Chinese Ghost Story II	1	Following the events of the first film, Ning (Leslie Cheung) parts ways with the Taoist Yin (Wu Ma) and returns to his home village, which has since fallen on desperate times. Fleeing from cannibals, Ning winds up being imprisoned. Sharing a cell with Elder Chu, a renowned scholar, Ning spends apparent months languishing in prison. On the day of Ning's execution, the scholar reveals that he has dug out an escape tunnel. He gives Ning one of his books and a pendant, and sends Ning through the tunnel.Ning obliviously steals the horse of Autumn (Jacky Cheung), a Taoist sectarian. When Ning stops for the night in an abandoned villa, Autumn catches up and the two sort out the misunderstanding. But in the middle of the night, rebel soldiers attack the two visitors. After a short skirmish, the rebel sisters Windy (Joey Wong) and Moon (Michelle Reis) discover Elder Chu's pendant. While Ning mistakes Windy for his love Siu Sin, whom she resembles, the rebels mistake Ning for the Elder Chu.The sisters explain that their father, Lord Fu (Lau Siu-Ming), was framed for a crime and is now being transported to the place of his execution. The rebels' mission is to free him. They set off and leave Ning and Autumn at the villa. The next night, the two discover that the villa actually is haunted by a demon. Autumn manages to injure it, but it flees. He gives pursuit, but without success. He emerges at daybreak on a dirt road, causing an altercation with an imperial convoy led by Fu (Waise Lee). Fu and Autumn battle to a stalemate, and then go their separate ways. Unbeknownst to Autumn, the convoy is the one carrying the sisters' father.Having failed to catch the convoy earlier, the rebels return to the haunted villa, waiting to ambush the convoy there. As the convoy enters, however, the demon returns as well. Maneuvering Fu into fighting the demon, the rebels are able to rescue the sisters' father. Before long, however, the Imperial High Monk arrives with his entourage. He incapacitates the rebels with a spell, which Autumn recognizes as an evil chant. Ning and Windy escape to seek the help of Yin, while Lord Fu, Autumn and Moon are captured by the monk.The captives are brought back to the High Monk's palace. Now suspicious, Fu enters the palace only to find the hollow corpses of the entire royal court inside. Recognizing that the monk is in reality a demon, Fu frees the captives and fights valiantly by himself to allow them time to recover. Lacking spiritual magic, however, Fu is not able to overcome the demon and is destroyed. Just then, Yin and the others arrive. The demon is forced to reveal its true form, a gigantic thousand-year-old centipede. Yin and Autumn are swallowed by the creature, and they separate their souls from their bodies in order to destroy it from the inside. Autumn, however, is not able to return to his body, and his soul floats away.The next day is the marriage of Windy to the Ma family. Ning runs down from his inn to the main street and tells Moon that he wishes Windy a long, happy marriage before leaving. In the desert, as Yin and Ning are about to continue their journey, they see two women approach on horseback, which happen to be Windy and Moon. Windy has escaped from her wedding and decides to leave with Ning.
Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult	2	"Frank Drebin has retired from Police Squad and lives a seemingly happy life with his wife, Jane Spencer-Drebin. Under the surface, however, Frank is unfulfilled acting as a househusband, and he and Jane attend marriage counseling. Six months after Frank's retirement he is visited by Ed Hocken and Nordberg, who ask for Frank's help with an investigation. Police Squad has caught wind that infamous bomber Rocco Dillon, who is currently incarcerated, has been hired by terrorists to conduct a major bombing against the United States. Frank remembers Rocco's girlfriend Tanya Peters from an investigation years ago and agrees to help Ed and Nordberg by visiting the clinic Peters works at.Frank, in disguise, visits the clinic and writes Peters' address on a handkerchief, but loses it before he can give it to Ed and accidentally ends up a repeating sperm donor. Jane comes home to an exhausted Frank and accuses him of doing police work again. Frank lies and swears he's having an affair, but Jane doesn't believe him and moves out of their house. With nothing else to lose, Frank volunteers to go undercover in prison to befriend Dillon and learn the details of the bombing. Frank is put in Rocco's cell in prison and adopts the name Nick ""The Slasher"" McGuirk. He wins Rocco's trust after protecting their escape plan from a guard and causing a riot. Rocco and Frank escape through a tunnel out of their cell and are picked up on the outside by Rocco's mother Muriel. At Rocco's hideout, Frank attempts to get information on the bombing out of Rocco and his mother, but they are distrustful of him and refuse to tell him the details.In the meantime, Jane and her friend Louise are on a road trip together when Jane discovers the handkerchief with Tanya Peters' address on it. Believing Frank was being truthful about the affair, Jane decides to drive cross-country to the address to find Frank. When she arrives, Frank answers the door and must quickly cover for her; he convinces the Dillons that Jane is a random stranger but that they should keep her alive as a hostage. Rocco finally reveals his plan to Frank: the bomb is to be set off at this year's Academy Award ceremony, with the bomb hidden in the envelope with the nomination of the Best Picture category and triggered when the card is pulled out.At the awards ceremony, Frank traps Muriel in the car and sneaks into the show with Jane to search for the bomb. Frank and Jane separate and frantically begin searching for the bomb, with Frank inflicting his usual chaos on stage during the show. However, they are unable to find the bomb before the nomination for Best Picture has begun. Frank bursts onto the stage and awkwardly tries to prevent the detonation of the bomb, but ends up in a stalemate with Rocco. Frank manages to drop an electronic sign which takes out Muriel. A desperate Rocco decides to detonate the bomb to follow his mother, but Frank manages to catapult Rocco and the bomb offstage into the catwalks above. Frank snares Rocco with a rubber cable and slings him through the roof of the arena with the bomb pulled out. Rocco crashes into Papshmir's private helicopter overhead, and the bomb explodes, killing both. Frank and Jane reaffirm their love under the applause of the awarding audience and viewers worldwide.Nine months later, Frank and Nordberg rush into the obstetric ward to witness the birth of Frank's child, but run into the wrong delivery room. Seeing that the baby is African-American, Frank assumes Nordberg is responsible and angrily chases him. Just after they leave, Ed comes out of another hospital room with Jane, who is holding their real baby."
Manik	0	Samir Mitra is an unemployed educated guy who is looking for a job. His father Abir Mitra is a retired person. Samir's mother is suffering from cancer. One day Samir suddenly meets Manik Chandra Sadhukhan. Manik's father is Niranjan Sadhukan, he is also ill. Latika is Manik's younger sister. Manik has come to Kolkata to meet his father's friend Chandrakanta Majumadar who is an established businessman. Manik meets with an accident on the way. Samir tries to save his life. Before his death Manik requests Samir to take care of his father and younger sister; he also tells Samir not to disclose the news of his accident. Manik gives Samir all required information. Samir becomes Manik; he meets Chandrakanta as Manik. Chandrakanta appoints him in his own office. Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen. From his salary he maintains his own family and Manik's family. Everybody is impressed with his behavior and honesty. Suddenly Niranjan and Latika come to Kolkata because Niranjan is unwell. Niranjan has lost his eyesight and there is some problem in his heart also. Samir tries to hide from Niranjan but every body comes to know the truth. Kartik Sen, the business rival of Chandrakanta, kidnaps Ria and demands ransom. Samir and Chandrakanta rescue her with the help of police. Samir donates his father's eye to Niranjan. Niranjan gets back his eyesight.
Intruder	1	A supermarket closes, and the workers begin restocking the shelves for the next day. Craig - the ex-boyfriend of cashier Jennifer - appears and the two quarrel. Worried for her friend, Linda presses her panic button. Co-owner Bill shows up and a fight ensues. Craig escapes onto the shop floor. The night crew set out to track him down while Jennifer calls the police. When they find Craig, there is another scuffle. He is ejected from the building and disappears into the night.The owners gather the night crew to announce that they are selling the store and the staff will soon lose their job. The employees are assigned the task of marking down all the stock in preparation for the close. Craig makes telephone calls to the store, upsetting Jennifer. The police arrive but do little to help and just tell the group to be careful.After finishing her shift, Linda is stabbed by an unseen assailant. Bill spots someone trying to enter through the back door and goes out to investigate. He finds Craig watching Jennifer through the bathroom window and is rendered unconscious.Back in the store, the killer begins to brutally murder the employees and scatters their severed body parts around in the store. Realizing that everyone seems to have vanished, Jennifer investigates and discovers several bodies and body parts in the storerooms. Terrified, she is attacked by the killer but manages to escape back to the shop floor. Hearing someone at the door, she tries to draw their attention, but the person has left by the time she gets there. Craig grabs her, but she beats him with a meat hook.Bill staggers in. He says that Craig attacks him outside the store and proceeds to call the police. Jennifer notices Bill's hands are covered in blood and realizes he is the real killer. Bill tells her that he couldn't let his partner sell the store, so he killed him and got carried away killing everyone. Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her around the locked building. A delivery man appears outside, but Bill kills him before Jennifer can get his attention. Bill re-enters the building and stalks Jennifer again. Craig tells Jennifer he saw Bill killing Linda, and that he climbed into the building through the bathroom window to save her. Bill appears and bludgeons Craig while Jennifer flees.Crawling out the bathroom window, she tries to escape in her car but finds Linda's body inside. Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer under the car, but she stabs him with a chef knife. She heads to a phone booth to call the police, but Bill reappears and starts to smash the booth to get at her. He topples the phone booth over and traps her, but Craig appears and brutally damages him with a meat cleaver.When the police arrive, one of the policemen finds the carnage in the store. The severely injured Bill claims that Jennifer and Craig are responsible for the attack. The policemen do not listen to their protests and arrest them. Bill suddenly opens his eyes. Jennifer screams as the film ends, leaving all of their fates unknown.
Dhanam	1	The film opens with a cop (Ashish Vidyarthi) and his assistant (Manobala) searching for a prostitute named Dhanam (Sangeetha) in the streets of Hyderabad. While they ask the public around the streets about Dhanam a flashback breaks out.The story goes five years back from the present day. Ananth (Prem), a young student from a Hindu Brahmin family based in Kumbakudam comes to Hyderabad to study medicine. There he meets Dhanam. He falls in love with her and begins to follow her for several days. She suspects that Ananth came to her to do business and takes him to her place. They both have sex for money and this begins to happen frequently.One day Ananth opens up his feelings to her, but she refuses his propose, let the public in the street beat him up and walks away. Dhanam's close friends tell her to stop living as a prostitute and start over her life by live with Ananth. They both meet at a temple and have an argument. Dhanam finally comes with a decision that if Ananth's family accept her she will marry him.The next day they both go to Kumbakudam to visit Ananth's family. After hearing that Dhanam is a prostitute and that Ananth wants to marry her, his family refuse to accept the marriage. A priest named Vedhagiri (Rao) who is a good family friend of Ananth's family forces them to accept the marriage by telling them that the horoscopes match. The family immediately go to Hyderabad and arrange everything for the marriage. They both get married the next day. This is a trap by Vedhagiri. Vedhagiri who had earlier asked Dhanam in Hyderabad to have sex for money uses this situation to get closer to Dhanam, but she tells him to stay away.Some days later, Ananth and his family ask her why she began with prostitution. She says that her mother used to be a prostitute. Dhanam was the only child for her. Her mother wanted her to not follow her tracks and kept her as virgin. One day when her mother was very ill, a man fooled Dhanam by saying that he will take her to the hospital so that they can bring the doctor home, but raped her on the way. She began to have sex for money to save her sick mother, but unfortunately her mother died some days later. Since Dhanam was too young and she did not have anyone to take care of her, she began with prostitution and settled down in Gandhi Theru. After hearing this Ananth and his family could understand her pain and ask for apology for not understanding her earlier.The next day Dhanam gets pregnant. During her pregnancy Vedhagiri tries to make a deal with Dhanam, but she refuses again. This begins to happen often. Dhanam keeps this secretly from her husband and in-laws because they have a lot of respect for him. Dhanam later gives birth to a baby girl.After the birth, the family begins to go through a hard time. They ask Vedhagiri to check the horoscope and find out why this happens. Vedhagiri says that the time the baby was born was not good. He says that the baby has to die or everyone in the family will die within a year. The family keep this secret for Dhanam and kill the baby by feed it with poison. Some days after the death of her child, Dhanam finds out that her in-laws were behind of the murder. Dhanam who saw her daughter as her mother, becomes psycho. The flashback ends with that Dhanam kills her husband, her in-laws and Vedhagiri by give them food with poison.The cop and his assistant go to the cop and the judge who closed the case of the murder of Dhanam's husband, her in-laws and the priest and have a conversation about the case. The cop and the assistant asked the cop and the judge about their opinion. They both said that Dhanam is innocent. She just showed the anger a mom has. The film ends with that the cop and the assistant close the case and let Dhanam go.
The Heroes of Telemark	1	The Norwegian resistance sabotage the Vemork Norsk Hydro plant in the town of Rjukan in the county of Telemark, Norway, which the Nazis are using to produce heavy water, which could be used in the manufacture of an atomic bomb.Kirk Douglas plays Rolf Pedersen, a Norwegian physics professor, who, though originally content to wait out the war, is soon pulled into the struggle by local resistance leader Knut Straud (based on Knut Haukelid, portrayed by Richard Harris).They are both smuggled to Britain to have microfilmed plans of the hydroelectric plant examined, and then return to Norway to plan a commando raid. When a force of Royal Engineers, who were to carry it out, are all killed, Pedersen and Straud lead a small force of saboteurs into the plant. The raid is successful, but the Germans quickly repair the equipment.The Germans then plan to ship steel drums of heavy water to Germany. Pedersen and Straud sabotage a ferry carrying the drums, and it sinks in the deepest part of a fjord.Besides this sequence, the raids (Operations Grouse, Freshman, and Gunnerside) and the final attack are depicted in location filming, in which snowy Norwegian locations serve as a backdrop for the plot.
Three Girls About Town	2	"The Merchants Hotel is hosting a convention for morticians and a mediation meeting between aircraft manufacturers and their workers. This makes hotel manager Puddle worry about a newspaper article criticizing the hotel's convention hostesses, sisters Faith and Hope Banner. Tommy Hopkins, a reporter in love with Hope, has tried to get her to take another job with ""regular"" hours, but she needs the money to pay for the education of her younger sister Charity at an expensive private school. However, right after Hope and Tommy's argument, Charity shows up and announces that she is going to quit school to be a hostess like her sisters. They try to change her mind.Meanwhile, a dead body is found in the hotel. The sisters, worried about the hotel's already damaged reputation, decide to dump the corpse somewhere else. Hope tries to talk Tommy into doing the moving, but he sees a scoop for his newspaper after recognizing the victim is in fact the missing labor mediator everyone has been waiting for. Hope is unable to persuade him to keep quiet, so they take the body down the fire escape and hide it in a room. Unfortunately, it is discovered by the mortician occupant; he telephones for the police, then runs out.Hope and Faith retrieve the body and hide it in a laundry cart. Tommy steals it from the girls and, looking for a hiding place from a police search, stumbles upon a high-stakes poker game. He has no choice but to set the body down at the table, calling him ""sleepy Joe"". The corpse wins every hand he ""plays"" (with Tommy's help), and the others call him a ""lucky stiff"". Hope and Faith barge in. Thinking quickly, Hope claims she has been looking for her misbehaving husband. The girls carry ""Joe"" out, but have to take him into a random room to avoid the chief of police. They dump it in a coffin in mortician Josephus Wiegel's room. The coffin is then hauled away into the morticians' convention room. Fred Chambers, Tommy's editor, finds him, but when Tommy tells him he lost the body, he fires him. Charity, who is strongly attracted to Tommy and has been kissing him at every opportunity, tells him where the body is. After he leaves, Charity tells Hope that Tommy is in love with her.When the Chronicle, Tommy's former newspaper, reports he found the corpse, the police chase after him. Tommy ends up at the mediation meeting and poses as the mediator. He appeals to both parties' patriotism and manages to get them to reach a compromise.Afterward, the chief of police arrests him. Hope persuades Puddle to give the body to Tommy, but they drag it into a room full of policemen and are taken into custody themselves. On the way out, Tommy is promoted by the editor, who has learned that he prevented the strike.When the body is carried out through the hotel lobby, a drunk named Charlemagne recognizes it and, with a clap of his hands, brings it back to life. It turns out he had just put the man in ""suspended animation"" through hypnosis. Everyone is released. Tommy offers to let the police chief off the hook for false arrest if he can get a marriage license immediately, rather than having to wait days. Hope believes it is Charity he intends to wed, but Tommy corrects her. When Charity shows up and continues lying about her relationship with Tommy, Hope puts her over her knee and spanks her. Faith joins in, followed by Puddle."
In Search of Gregory	0	Catherine Morelli goes to the latest wedding of her father, Max, who in turn wants to introduce her there to a potential suitor, Gregory Mulvey.
Absolute Power	2	"During the course of a burglary, master jewel thief Luther Whitney (Clint Eastwood) is forced to hide upon the unexpected arrival of Christy Sullivan (Melora Hardin), the beautiful young wife of elderly billionaire Walter Sullivan (E. G. Marshall), during her drunken rendezvous with Alan Richmond (Gene Hackman), the President of the United States. Walter Sullivan is Richmond's friend and financial supporter, and the owner of the mansion Luther has broken into. Hiding inside a large bedroom vault with a one-way mirror, Luther watches as Richmond becomes sexually violent towards Christy and she attacks him with a letter opener in self-defense. Richmond screams for help, and Secret Service agents Bill Burton (Scott Glenn) and Tim Collin (Dennis Haysbert) burst into the bedroom and shoot Christy to death. Chief of Staff Gloria Russell (Judy Davis) arrives, and they agree to stage the scene to look like a burglary gone wrong. They are unaware of Luther until he begins his escape. Both agents chase Luther, but he escapes with millions in jewelry, collectible coins and cash as well as the incriminating letter opener.The next day, Detective Seth Frank (Ed Harris) begins his investigation of the crime. Luther quickly becomes a prime suspect in the burglary because of his reputation as a master thief, but Frank does not believe Luther is a murderer. Just as Luther is about to flee the country, he sees President Richmond on television, publicly commiserating with Walter on his loss. Incensed by the fake sympathy, Luther decides to bring the President to justice. Meanwhile, Burton asks Frank to keep him informed about the case while a Secret Service agent wiretaps Frank's office telephone.Luther's estranged daughter Kate (Laura Linney), who works as a prosecutor, accompanies Frank to Luther's home to search for clues. Photographs in the house indicate that Luther has secretly been watching her for years. She still suspects Luther of the crime and therefore agrees to set him up. Frank guarantees Luther's safety, but through the wiretap Burton learns of the plan, and Collins prepares a sniping attack. Someone also tips off Walter, who hires a hitman (Richard Jenkins) to kill Luther. The two snipers, each unaware of the other, try to shoot Luther when he arrives at an outdoor cafe to meet his daughter. They both miss, and Luther escapes through the police cordon wearing the uniform of a police officer he had hidden beneath his coat. Luther later explains to Kate exactly how Christy was killed and by whom.Luther begins to taunt Russell, first by sending her a photograph of the letter opener, then tricking her into wearing Christie's diamond necklace during a public event at the White House. Correctly suspecting that Kate knows the truth, President Richmond decides she must be eliminated. When Luther learns from Detective Frank that the Secret Service has taken over surveillance of Kate, he races back to Washington D.C. to protect her. He arrives at her jogging area just moments after Collin has used his SUV to push her and her car off a cliff. Collin tries to kill her again at the hospital with a poison-filled syringe. Luther, who is waiting for such an attack, subdues Collin by jabbing him in the neck with a syringe of his own. Collin pleads for mercy, but Luther instead delivers a fatal dose.Luther incapacitates Walter's chauffeur and replaces him, telling Walter what happened on the night his wife was killed. Walter is unconvinced until Luther explains how Richmond lied in his speech by citing Christy's excuse for staying home, which he could only have learned from her. He shows Walter the letter opener with Richmond's blood and fingerprints on it and also informs him that he has since returned the items he had stolen.Luther stops the car and hands over the letter opener, dropping off Walter outside the White House. Walter, who is absolutely trusted by everyone in the White House, is able to get through security with the letter opener and enter the Oval Office. Meanwhile, alerted by Luther that his phones have been bugged, Frank discovers that a remorseful Burton has committed suicide and uses the evidence Burton left behind to arrest Russell. On television the next morning comes the shocking news, ""confirmed"" by Walter, that the President committed suicide by stabbing himself to death. Luther is satisfied that justice has prevailed, and he is happy his daughter is safe and they are no longer estranged.Back at the hospital, sketching on a pad, Luther watches over Kate in her hospital bed. Detective Frank visits briefly, whereupon Luther suggests to Kate that she invite Frank to dinner sometime and then continues to draw a picture of his daughter."
Tale of Zatoichi Continues !The Tale of Zatoichi Continues	1	One year after the first film, Zatōichi travels back to the town near the Joshoji Temple, to pay respects at the grave of Hirate, the samurai he killed. Three brigands attack Zatōichi while he dries his clothes, and are despatched by a one-armed swordsman. Later that day, Zatōichi is hired to massage a powerful lord who, unbeknownst to all but the lord's highest retainers, is insane. Zatōichi observes the nobleman's unstable mental condition, and the retainers decide to kill him. Zatōichi defeats the first three attackers, and retires to a restaurant. The attack having failed, the lord's men hire local yakuza (gangsters) to finish the job. Learning of this, Zatoichi remarks to himself that he would have kept quiet if they had just asked him to do so.Three prostitutes in the restaurant discuss how many men are now looking for Zatōichi, and how they will have no business. One of them, Setsu, grows very fond of Zatōichi very quickly, asking him to spend the night with her, and saying that her own father was blind and yet married three women. While Zatōichi sits in a back room the one-armed swordsman, Yoshiro, and his companion enter the same restaurant. The companion remarks how Setsu looks exactly like Chiyo, a woman Yoshiro once loved. Yoshiro demands that Setsu spend the night with him. Setsu refuses, and Zatōichi re-enters the room. Yoshiro tells a short story of how Chiyo left him after he became a cripple. Zatōichi says that he too loved a woman named Chiyo but that she, upon discovering he was blind, left him for the man she hated most in the world. In his rage, Zatōichi says, he sought out this man and attacked him. Zatōichi leaves with Setsu. In the morning, she remarks that it is as if they were married. Learning that he is to be killed, she urges Zatōichi to leave, but he awaits the attackers.Sukegoro, the yakuza boss with whom Yoshiro has been staying, returns from his travels, having learned that Yoshiro is a wanted criminal, only posing as a samurai. He confronts Yoshiro and tells him it is time for him to leave. Yoshiro, on his way out of town, hears that Zatōichi is planning on going to the temple to pay respects. He decides to go there too, but he is followed and the constabulary are alerted. Otane, who is to be married, hears of Zatōichi's return, and races to the temple, too. On his own way to the temple, Zatōichi stops by the stream where he once fished with Hirate (in the previous film), and laments the loss of the only man he could call friend. He also regrets his failure to understand Otane's desire to marry him (also in the previous film), and recalls his love for Chiyo, who was stolen from him by his brother: Yoshiro.At the temple, Otane meets Zatōichi. Yoshiro arrives and says he wants to kill his younger brother in revenge for crippling him. Zatōichi questions the necessity of this, since Yoshiro has already stolen Chiyo from him. Yoshiro responds that he has killed Chiyo. Yoshiro disarms Zatōichi but the latter stabs him with his own wakizashi. The constabulary arrive and Zatōichi flees with the stricken Yoshiro. Otane brings food to them in hiding, and overhears Zatōichi saying that he is happy Otane is getting married, and hopes she is happy in her life. Despite Zatoichi's care, Yoshiro dies, but only after revealing that Chiyo is not dead: she left him, he says, after he became crippled, and he doesn't know where she is.Zatōichi seeks out Sukegoro, and tells him that two men have died for him in his petty crime wars, and because of this he too must die. The film ends abruptly with Zatōichi having just delivered what is presumably the killing cut.[1][2][3]
The Story of Louis Pasteur	2	In Paris in 1860, a distraught man murders his wife's doctor. Chemist Louis Pasteur (Paul Muni) has been publicizing a theory that diseases are caused by microbes, which doctors should avoid spreading by washing their hands and sterilizing their instruments in boiling water. The doctor did not do this and the wife died of puerperal fever after giving birth.Pasteur is dismissed by France's medical academy—particularly his most vocal critic, Dr. Charbonnet (Fritz Leiber Sr.)—as a crank whose recommendations are tantamount to witchcraft. Pasteur frankly calls attention to the risks of Charbonnet's non-sterile methods and correctly predicts that a member of Napoleon III's royal family who Charbonnet is attending will die of puerperal fever, but Pasteur is the one who is considered dangerous, because his ideas have led to murder. When the Emperor comes down against him, Pasteur leaves Paris and moves to the small town of Arbois.In the 1870s, when the new French government tries to restore the economy after the Franco-Prussian War, they learn that many sheep are dying of anthrax, except around Arbois. They send representatives who learn that, working with a small group of loyal researchers, Pasteur has developed a vaccine against the disease and put it into use locally. The medical academy still opposes him and says Arbois must simply be free of anthrax, so the government buys land there and invites sheep farmers to use it. Pasteur objects strongly, saying the soil is full of anthrax spores, and eventually an experiment is proposed. He will vaccinate 25 of the newly arrived sheep; then they and a control group of 25 others will be injected with blood from a sheep with anthrax. Joseph Lister (Halliwell Hobbes), the pioneer of antiseptic surgery in England, is interested enough to attend, and witnesses Pasteur's total success as all the vaccinated sheep remain healthy after the other 25 have died. At this point Jean Martel (Donald Woods), a young doctor who was formerly Charbonnet's assistant but now is a follower of Pasteur, becomes engaged to Pasteur's daughter Annette (Anita Louise).The celebrations are short-lived, as a rabid dog runs through the town and a man is bitten. As a woman attempts to cure him by witchcraft, Pasteur laments that doctors would have no more chance of success. Moving back to Paris, he makes rabies his next project. He is able to spread the disease from one animal to another by injection, but finds himself unable to detect any microbe being transferred (viruses had not yet been discovered), and the method he used to create the anthrax vaccine does not work.Charbonnet visits the lab to gloat over Pasteur's failure. He is so certain Pasteur is a quack that he injects himself with rabies—and is triumphant, as he does not get the disease. Pasteur is puzzled, until his wife Marie (Josephine Hutchinson) suggests that the sample may have gotten weak with age. This sets him on the right path at last, giving dogs a series of progressively stronger injections. But before his experiments reach a conclusion, a frantic mother begs him to try his untested treatment on her son (Dickie Moore), who has been bitten by a rabid dog. Risking imprisonment or even execution, Pasteur decides he must try to save the child. During the attempt, a Dr. Zaranoff (Akim Tamiroff) arrives from Russia with a group of peasants who have been exposed to rabies, and who have volunteered to receive Pasteur's treatment.Annette goes into labor with Martel's child. The doctor who was to attend her is unavailable, and Martel is urgently needed for the boy. Pasteur searches frantically for another doctor, but the only one he can find is none other than Charbonnet. He begs Charbonnet to wash his hands and sterilize his instruments just this once; Charbonnet finally agrees on condition that if Charbonnet lives another month, Pasteur will retract and denounce all his work on rabies. Both men are honorable enough to respect the agreement. The birth goes well, but Pasteur collapses with a mild stroke.Days later, word comes that Pasteur has permission to treat those of the Russians who are still alive. He attends them in hospital for the first injections using a wheelchair, and later using a cane. The experiment is a success, and now even Charbonnet concedes that he was wrong, tearing up Pasteur's retraction and asking for the shots for himself.Afterwards, Pasteur hears that he is to be denounced by Lister at the medical academy. He angrily attends, but it was just a way to surprise him. He is praised by Lister, presented with a Russian medal by Zaranoff, and honored by the very doctors who once scoffed at his discoveries.
Devil's Knot	0	In 1993, in the working class community of West Memphis, Arkansas, three eight-year-old boys – Stevie Branch, Christopher Byers, and Michael Moore – go missing from their neighborhood. After an extensive search, their bound and beaten bodies are found the next day. The community and the police department are convinced that the murders are the work of a satanic cult, due to the violent and sexual natures of the crime. A month later, three teenagers – Damien Echols, Jason Baldwin, and Jessie Misskelley Jr. – are arrested after Misskelley confesses following approximately 12 hours of interrogation. They are taken to trial, where Baldwin and Misskelley are sentenced to life, and Echols to death, all the while still proclaiming their innocence.
Designing Woman	1	In California covering a golf tournament, New York sports reporter Mike Hagen (Gregory Peck) correctly chooses the winning golfer in the reporters' betting pool. With the $1200 he won, Mike begins buying drinks. The next morning he awakes with no memory of the night before. Hung over and believing that he failed to file his story, Mike sits beside the hotel pool drinking coffee. When an unfamiliar woman, Marilla Brown (Lauren Bacall), approaches him, Mike, through a series of misunderstandings, assumes she is a prostitute. As Marilla heatedly begins to correct him, he receives a call from his editor telling him he had received Mike's story, but that a corrupt boxing promoter was threatening Mike. Ending the call, Mike returns to Marilla who explains that she had helped him write his story. This begins a whirlwind eight day romance which ends with marriage. Only on the flight back to New York does Mike begin to discover that Marilla had hidden the details of her job, wealth and family connections in order to land Mike. This quickly causes friction.Mike is a sportswriter and poker enthusiast with working-class friends. Marilla designs clothes for a wide array of artistic personalities. Their friends clash memorably one Wednesday night when his Poker Club and her Drama Society both convene at Marilla's apartment.Marilla becomes suspicious of Mike after she finds a photograph of Lori Shannon (Dolores Gray), Mike's former girlfriend. Mike tries to hide his former relationship, but fails miserably. Complicating matters even further is Mike's continuing series of exposés of the activities of crooked boxing promoter Martin Daylor (Edward Platt). Mike's life is in danger, but he hides that from his wife as well. What results is a series of misunderstandings and mishaps.
Dead Easy	0	A student of criminology is completing a thesis on Melbourne mass murderers. With the aid of a German professor he visits the scenes of the crimes of Frederick Deeming, Norman List, Arnold Sodeman and Edward Leonski and reconstructs them. One day the students visits the professor and sees him attacked by two strangers. The professor knifes one of the men.
Pukar	2	"Major Jaidev ""Jai"" Rajvansh (Anil Kapoor) and his fellow officer manage to rescue a leading politician as well as capture his kidnapper, Abhrush (Danny Denzongpa). The terrorist has been wanted for years and he is finally captured by the two officers. Jai returns to a joyous welcome and is declared a national hero. He takes a break from the army and returns to his hometown. There he meets his childhood friend Anjali (Madhuri Dixit) who has always harboured love for Jai. Anjali wants to make most of Jai's holiday and tries to get close to him and spend time with him as much as she can.At a party, he meets the then Miss India, Pooja Mallapa (Namrata Shirodkar). As they spend more time together, they begin to fall in love. In the mean time, Jai's parents are arranging his marriage to Anjali but when they find out about Jai's love for Pooja, they realise that they have to tell Anjali everything. Anjali, heartbroken and jealous wants revenge as Jai rejected her. Realising her frustration with Jai, Abrush takes advantage (via the said ""kidnapped"" politician who is hand in glove with Abrush) and together they plot to destroy Jai's reputation and life.Anjali manages to steal certain important secret documents detailing plans for Abrush's movement from prison to prison. The following events lead to Jai being court martialed and he is declared a traitor to the country. Pooja leaves him alone due to family pressure. Jai, determined to prove his innocence and redeem himself, decides to pursue Abrush alone. Ultimately Anjali comes to her senses and realises her mistake. To atone for it, she single-handedly tries to thwart Abhrush's plans and help Jai prove his innocence. Jai overpowers Abhrush. Finally Jai expresses his love for Anjali and forgives her and both unite to live happily ever after."
The Girl Said No	1	Tom Ward, a cocky young football hero, returns home after graduation determined to conquer the world. He begins a flirtation with Mary Howe, secretary to his rival, McAndrews, and in a restaurant he bribes a waiter to spill soup on her employer. Although offered a local banking job, Tom stakes his fortunes on a scheme to sell bonds to wealthy old Hattie Brown, a befuddled spinster, and achieves the difficult task while posing as a doctor by getting her drunk. Finally, desperate over Mary's engagement to McAndrews, Tom kidnaps her from the altar. In a chase finale she is convinced that he loves her.
After the Storm	1	Dwelling on his past glory as a prize-winning author, Ryota (Hiroshi Abe) wastes any money he makes as a private detective on gambling and can barely make ends meet or pay child support for his son. He makes extra money by offering his own services to the detective agency's clients. Though he is offered a contract to write for a manga series with an upcoming artist, his personal ambitions get in the way.After the death of his father, his aging mother Yoshiko (Kirin Kiki) seems to be moving on with her life with hobbies with the local elderly ladies. Ryota finds his sister Chinatsu is visiting their mother frequently and suspects she is trying to sponge off her; he believes she makes their mother pay for her daughter's figure skating lessons from her social pension. His sister in her turn suspects Ryota's visits are for taking advantage of their mother.Ryota is trying to get back with his ex-wife Kyoko (Yoko Maki), who has grown tired of Ryota's excuses for his continual failure to pay child support and threatens to stop letting him spend time with their young son, Shingo (Taiyo Yoshizawa). Ryota is aware that Kyoko has a new boyfriend and fears her remarriage will end his relationship with Shingo. In a stormy summer night sheltered at his mother's home with his family, Ryota attempts to take back control of his existence and to find a lasting place in Shingo's life. His ex-wife says it is truly over with them and grown-ups cannot live only with love, planning is required as well and Ryota isn't cut out to be a family man. If he were, he would have done so earlier. Ryota understands and uses the storm as a chance to bond with his son by repeating a memorable experience he once had with his father sheltering in a local playground as the storm rages.The next morning, they resume their lives.
Krishnaveni Panjaalai	0	Kadir (Hemachandran) and Poonkothai (Nandana) are cotton mill workers in southern Tamil Nadu. Their affection grows into love but once the mill closes down following a strike, life gets hard for them and everyone working along with them.
Naan Sigappu Manithan	2	Vijay (Rajinikanth) is a Tamil professor living with his widowed mother and his sister. He is in love with Uma (Ambika), a lawyer. During a visit to his friend Ravi's (Nizhalgal Ravi) house, he is disgusted by goings-on in his neighborhood. Illicit liquor is being sold at a tea-stall while prostitution is flourishing in another house in the same colony. But his complaints to the police, yield nothing since the policeman is on the villains' payroll and manages to warn them before making a raid. When Ravi's sister is raped and killed and the perpetrator Mohanraj (Sathyaraj) gets off scot-free with help from a minister, Vijay and Ravi take matters into their own hands and clean up the tea-stall and brothel on their own. Wanting to teach Vijay a lesson, Mohanraj and his goondas rape his sister (who then commits suicide) and kill his mother. Vijay then turns into a vigilante, walking the streets at nights and dealing out his own brand of justice - shoot first and ask questions later - to the rowdies and goondas. He soon becomes known as Robinhood, helper of the poor and the police sends Singaaram (Bhagyaraj), a CID officer to unmask Robinhood. Vijay kills Mohanraj and his uncle. Now Vijay surrenders to Singaram revealing the truth but Singaram mentions that he has already found the truth and decided not to arrest Vijay as he cleans up the society. But Vijay feels guilty for his murders and surrenders to police. Uma appears in court in favour of Vijay and argues. The day before the judgment, Singaram masks as a criminal and tries to molest the judge’s daughter, seeing which the judge tries to shoot the criminal. Now Singaram reveals his identity and mentions that his intention was to make the judge understand the Vijay was also under similar situation before. Finally the judge sentences Vijay for lifetime imprisonment but recommends to the president of India for granting pardon.
Obsession	1	"In 1959, Michael Courtland (Robertson), a New Orleans real estate developer, has his life shattered when his wife Elizabeth (Bujold) and young daughter Amy are kidnapped. The police recommend that he provide the kidnappers with a briefcase of shredded blank paper instead of the demanded ransom, as the kidnappers will then be more likely to surrender when cornered, rather than attempt to escape with cash in hand. Courtland agrees to this plan. This leads to a bungled car chase in which both kidnappers and victims are killed in a spectacular explosion. Courtland blames himself for the deaths of his wife and daughter.Skipping forward sixteen years later in 1975, Courtland is morbidly obsessed with his dead wife, and regularly visits a monument he has had built in her memory. The monument is a replica of the church (Basilica di San Miniato al Monte) where he and Elizabeth had met many years before in Florence, Italy. His real estate partner Robert LaSalle (Lithgow) convinces Courtland to tag along on a business trip back to Florence. While there, Courtland revisits the church, and suddenly comes face to face with a young woman named Sandra (Bujold in a dual role) who looks exactly like his late wife. The already slightly unhinged Courtland begins to court the young woman, and subtly attempts to transform her into a perfect mirror image of his dead wife.Courtland returns to New Orleans with Sandra so they can marry. On their wedding night, Sandra is kidnapped and a ransom note is left behind by her abductors. It is an exact replica of the kidnappers' message from sixteen years before. This time, Courtland decides to deliver the demanded cash. He withdraws massive quantities of money from his accounts and business holdings, financially ruining him and forcing him to sign over his interest in the real estate business to LaSalle. In the process, he discovers that his entire ordeal, including the original kidnapping, had been engineered by LaSalle as a way to gain sole control of Courtland's company share holdings. The now nearly insane Courtland stabs LaSalle to death.Knowing that Sandra must have been a willing accomplice in the plot against him, he goes to the airport to kill the escaping woman. On the plane, Sandra has a flashback to her part in the scheme; she is in fact Courtland's daughter: following the original kidnapping LaSalle concealed her survival and sent her to live in secret with an Italian caretaker who raised Amy as her own child and gave her the name of Sandra. Over the years, LaSalle has told her lies about Courtland, convincing her that her father had not paid the ransom because he did not love her. Sandra, who has come to love Courtland, attempts suicide on the plane and is taken off the flight in a wheelchair. Courtland sees her and runs toward her, gun drawn. A security guard attempts to stop him but Courtland smashes the briefcase full of money against the guard's head, knocking him unconscious. The briefcase breaks open and all of the money flies out. Sandra, seeing the fluttering bills, stands up and shouts: ""Daddy! You brought the money!"" Courtland now realizes for the first time who Sandra really is, and father and daughter fall into a deep embrace."
Walking with the Enemy	2	"In Budapest, Hungary, head of state Regent Miklós Horthy (Ben Kingsley) was trapped between the Russians on the east and the Nazis from Germany on the west. He was forced to join the Axis in 1941. The first massacre of Hungarian Jews occurred in August that year. After a defeat on the Eastern Front in 1943, Hitler demanded that the regent punish the 800,000 still living in Hungary and insisted that 10,000 Jews be for supplied for slave labor. This is where Walking with the Enemy begins.When the Nazi presence and anti-Semitic laws increase in Budapest, Jewish radio repair shop owner Jozsef (Simon Kunz) sends home the two young men who work for him, Elek Cohen (Jonas Armstrong) and Ferenc Jacobson (Mark Wells). They obtain forged baptismal certificates from a Catholic priest and urge their families to use them to escape Hungary when they themselves are forced to join the Hungarian labor service, in which Jewish men are brutally treated, shot if they cannot keep up or are injured while doing work.Meanwhile, Carl Lutz (William Hope) runs the Swiss diplomatic office at the Glass House in Budapest. Supposedly, anyone with a Swiss passport can safely leave Hungary for Switzerland. He was given permission to issue 8,000 passes to individual Jews, but he interpreted this to mean families, and printed and numbered the passes accordingly.When Elek and Ferenc escape from the labor forces, they find their way back home and discover their families have been sent away. Elek's home has been ransacked, and he finds the baptismal certificates taped to the back of a family photo that he saves. Horthy secretly negotiates with Stalin for Hungary's surrender to the Allies, but the Nazis learn of this, abduct his son, storm the palace and he is overthrown, later to be imprisoned in Germany. In his place the Hungarian fascist Arrow Cross Party assumes power, and led by Ferenc Szálasi their militia help the Nazis rounding up Jews.On instinct, Elek and Ferenc start to do anything to save Jewish families and eventually begin to work with Lutz. Before the Nazis focused on eliminating the Jews from Hungary, Elek met a Jewish girl named Hannah (Hannah Tointon). One evening some time later, Nazi officers follow her to where many Jews, including Elek, are hiding. Elek kills them before they can rape Hannah. Later, Elek, who speaks fluent German, and Ferenc dig up the bodies of the Nazi officers and take their uniforms. For months, their fearless impersonation of Nazi officers allows them to pretend to round up Jews for transport while saving thousands by redirecting them to safe houses. Once there, in care of the Swiss (and in at least one case, a convent) the Jews begin their journey to freedom.At its conclusion, the film leaps ahead thirteen years, to 1957. Elek has emigrated to New York City and is shown at the wedding of his adopted son.This movie was inspired by true events and the movie postscripts read: ""This film was inspired by the courage of Pinchas Rosenbaum whose passports and rescue missions saved thousands of lives. His family was murdered in Auschwitz along with 500,000 Hungarian Jews. SS Lt. Colonel Otto Skorzeny surrendered to the US Army. After trials and reprieves, he died in 1975. Dieter Wisliceny was hanged in 1948 for war crimes. Ferenc Szalasi was hanged in 1946 for war crimes and high treason. Arrow Cross Captain Kovarcz was hanged in 1946 for war crimes. Aldolf Eichman escaped to Argentina and was later captured by Israeli agents. He was convicted for crimes against humanity and hanged in 1962. Regent Horthy and his son were held in German imprisonments until after the war. They never returned to Hungary due to Russian occupation and died in Portugal in 1957 and 1993. Carl Lutz established the Swiss Legion (The Glass House) and is honored for the lives he saved. He died in 1976. After the war, Mr. Rosenbaum seldom spoke of his heroic deeds. He died in 1980 and his wife died in 2010. They are survived by three children. In 2005, [a] memorial of bronzed shoes was dedicated in Budapest to honor the victims murdered during the Nazi and Arrow Cross terror."
Hitler	1	"Siddhant Sharma (Mithun Chakraborty), a senior prison official, is widely known as ""Hitler"" because of his rigid disciplinarian manner. At the prison he foils the planned escape of a gangster, arranged by his gang. He beats and then sacks a corrupt prison officer who was in on it.At home Siddhant is equally authoritarian. His family are only able to relax when he is away at work. He is especially hard on his wayward brother Amar, who is unwilling to get a job and hangs around in the street.In the street Amar sees a young woman, Priya, apparently being kidnapped. He rescues her from her comically incompetent attackers, only to discover that she had arranged it herself in order to get money from her father, a corrupt businessman. Priya and Amar fall in love. Meanwhile gangsters try to bribe Siddhant into allowing the escape of the prisoner, but he will have none of it.Daulatram, Priya's father, confronts Siddhant and accuses him of instructing Amar to woo Priya, so that the Sharma family can inherit his wealth. When Siddhant asks Amar to explain himself, Amar tells him that he and Priya are in love. Furious at Daulatram for embarrassing his brother, Amar confronts him threateningly, brandishing a knife in front of witnesses. The leader of gangsters, who is in conflict with Daulatram, sees what is happening. He takes the opportunity to kill Daulatram and frame Amar to get back at Siddhant. Unknown to him, the phone has been left off the hook during a call to the police, leaving a taped recording of events on an answering machine at the police station.After Daulatram is found stabbed to death, the police arrest Amar. Siddhant is convinced of his guilt, but his wife Sheila, a lawyer, refuses to believe it. She intends to defend Amar and discover the truth about Daulatram's murder. While she is investigating, she is injured in a road accident. When Amar learns of this, he escapes from the prison, pursued by his brother. He finds the gangsters, grabbing the sacked prison guard, but Siddhant has followed him. Siddhant shoots Amar, wounding him.Siddhant is in anguish, but the tape recording is found by the police, exonerating Amar. Siddhant arrests the gangster leader. However, the gangsters make a doctored version of the tape, rearranging the conversation to implicate Amar. The gangster boss is released. He manages to capture Amar and Priya. When Siddhant comes to negotiate, the gangster reveals that Siddhant's whole family have been kidnapped and wired to explosives. He forces Siddhant and Amar to try to kill each other in a fight to the death. Siddhant allows himself to be apparently beaten, but in an athletic leap he grabs the detonator from the gangster leader. Siddhant and Amar fight and defeat the gangsters, who are taken into custody.Back at home with his family, Siddhant leaves behind his ""Hitler"" persona, and learns to relax, dancing to Michael Jackson's ""Bad""."
Hotel California	0	The film begins with the City Police Commissioner Bharath Chandran (Joju George) jumping over the compound wall of a house who is having an affair with house owner's wife. The house owner confronts commissioner and beats and breaks his arm. It then shifts to a man at a friend's house asking where his friend and a don named Jimmy is, as there is work for him to do for the man. He reveals his work is to transport the counterfeit DVD of the upcoming releasing movie Hotel California and in which Jimmy has to transport it through the airport safely. It shifts to Kamala Nambiar (Maria Roy) a dancer practicing dance receives a call informing that what she ordered is ready (It is not revealed what she ordered to audiences). It once again shifts to Aby Mathew (Shankar Panikkar) a lusting married middle aged man, who contacts a pimp to have sex with a television actress named Swapna Joseph (Honey Rose) who agrees to have sex with him for a large sum of money. Then Sasi Pillai is shown talking about a hot topic for news reporting about the don named Airport Jimmy. In which it shifts to the scene of Airport Jimmy (Jayasurya) in high class bar.
Government Girl	1	"Automobile engineer Ed Browne (Sonny Tufts) comes to Washington to appear in front of the War Construction Board. His mission is to supervise the building of bomber aircraft for the war. But when he arrives at the crowded hotel he is supposed to stay at, there are no rooms available. A friendly clerk at the hotel recognizes him from the paper and offers him room 2A.Ed is unaware that the same room is reserved by Elizabeth ""Smokey"" Allard (Olivia de Havilland), for her friend May (Anne Shirley) who is getting married to an army sergeant, Joe Bates (James Dunn), that very night. The wedding takes place in the hotel lobby, but the groom has lost his ring, and Smokey borrows one from Ed, which leads him to believe that Smokey is the woman getting married. A series of unfortunate events that night leads to Joe being arrested by M.P.s, and he leaves a borrowed motorcycle behind in the hands of Smokey.Smokey tries to find someone who can return the bike, and Ed happens to pass by on his way to the War Construction Board. When Smokey tells him she works at the board, he agrees to drive her there. It turns out Ed is Smokey's new boss. He learns that she is dating a man named Dana McGuire (Jess Barker), who is an adviser to Senator MacVickers (Harry Davenport). Dana soon proves to be too egoistical and ambitious for Smokey's taste.When Ed announces his plan to make the aircraft factories more effective, producing double the amount of bombers each year, Smokey warns him not to stray too far off government recommendations. He ignores her warning, and goes ahead with his efficiency plan. When six months have passed, Ed has reached his goal, but he has also made enemies. One of them is C. L. Harvester (Paul Stanton), who has become a thorn in his side because of the way Ed has ignored government procedures, and cutting into Harvester's business earnings. The two men become bitter enemies.Harvester soon teams up with Dana, the senator, and powerful Washington socialite Adele Wright (Agnes Moorehead), threatening Ed with a Senate investigation. Ed has enough trouble with personal issues, realizing that he has fallen for Smokey, while she has already received a proposed from Dana.Smokey, however, by burning the information Harvester has brought to Dana, saves Ed's career. When her friend May sees this, she claims that Smokey has fallen in love with Ed. The two women then are recruited by the government to expose Count Bodinski (George Givot) as a spy. The mission is successful, with the files that Ed was suspected of stealing being returned to Dana the following day by Smokey. She also testifies on Ed's behalf at the hearing. Ed is off the hook, and follows Smokey home to propose to her."
The Demon	0	Consumed by the jealousy and power struggles of their own relationships, a man, his mistress and his wife involve three children in their own games-with tragic results. After Sōkichi stops providing his mistress with monetary support, she leaves her three children with him, whom she insists are also his, and disappears. Sōkichi is bewildered and his wife is livid so with regard only for their own discomfort, they go about remedying their situation.[1]
Love Is Love	0	Shi Jinshui and Wu Daidi were raised in the countryside and are childhood sweethearts, but Wu Daidi's father is against their marriage. They elope from their hometown and live in urban areas. Shi Jinshui falls in love with his superior and break up with his wife Wu Daidi. Two years later, Shi Jinshui finds himself still in love with Wu Daidi and he decides to find his beloved wife.[2]
Head Over Heels	1	"Charles Richardson is a civil servant in his early 30s, working in the Department of Development, Salt Lake City, Utah, and an impetuous romantic. One day he meets Laura Conley in the filing department of his office and it is love at first sight.Laura is a married woman who has just moved out on her husband Ox, a log home salesman. She is disillusioned by her own marriage and wants to find herself. Charles gathers his courage and asks her out. Soon, she moves in with him and seems happy, but starts having second thoughts. According to Laura, he loves her too much. ""You have this exalted view of me, and I hate it. If you think I'm that great then there must be something wrong with you.""Laura leaves Charles and goes back to her husband, Ox. Sam, recently unemployed as a jacket salesman, moves in with Charles, who tries to grapple with the loss of Laura. Charles's mother, meanwhile, is an eccentric who has suicidal thoughts.Charles begins to make efforts to win Laura back. Charles finds out from his secretary, Betty, that Laura has left Ox once again and is living in an apartment with a roommate. Charles confronts Laura, finally asking her to decide if they will have a future together. Will this be another Chilly Scene of Winter?"
The Wraith	2	"Bright lights descend from the night sky, revealing a sleek, all black Dodge M4S Turbo Interceptor, driven by a helmeted, black-clad figure.In the town of Brooks, Arizona, Packard Walsh is the leader of a gang of car thieves that coerces people with sporty cars into racing for pink slips. He controls everyone through intimidation, including Keri Johnson, whom he views as his property. Keri's boyfriend James ""Jamie"" Hankins has been mysteriously murdered, leaving no trace; Keri, who was with him, was hospitalized with no memory of the traumatic event.Jacob ""Jake"" Kesey arrives in Brooks riding a Honda XL350R Enduro dirt bike. He befriends both Keri and Jamie's brother William ""Billy"" Hankins, who both work at Big Kay's, the local burger drive-in; they later meet up at a sun-and-swim gathering on a local river, where Jake is seen to have knife scars on his neck and back.Packard's control of the illegal races is suddenly over when the Turbo Interceptor appears out of nowhere. The mysterious driver of this supercar is covered head-to-toe in black body armor and a black race helmet. The armor is adorned with metal braces resembling those worn by victims recovering from severe physical trauma. The driver challenges Packard's gang to race, explosively killing Oggie Fisher and later Minty in high-speed, fiery crashes which leave their bodies untouched except for burned-out eye sockets. Sheriff Loomis and his lawmen are always in hot pursuit, but the Turbo vanishes in a cloud of glowing light.Two more gang members, Skank and Gutterboy, who are always too high on drugs to believe in the supernatural, are later obliterated when the Wraith races his supercar through the gang's isolated warehouse garage, causing a huge explosion. With Packard's gang destroyed, Rughead, the gang's tech-geek, who alone among them did not participate in Jamie's murder, realizes too why the gang had been targeted and talks it over with Sheriff Loomis.After Packard witnesses Keri kissing Jake, he kidnaps her from the burger joint and beats and kicks Billy when he tries to intervene. When Packard tells her they are going to California, Keri stands up to him and says she will never love him. Just as he gets out of the car and draws his flick knife, the Turbo arrives and Packard takes up the challenge, only to be killed too. Sheriff Loomis calls off the hunt for the mysterious driver, observing, ""Roadblocks won't stop something that can't be stopped”.As Keri arrives home that night, the Turbo pulls up, and the armored driver emerges, transforming into Jake. Keri realizes that Jake is actually a returned version of her dead boyfriend Jamie, who admits ""This is as close as I could come to who I once was"". He then asks her to wait for him because he has one last thing to do.Jake startles Billy by driving the Turbo to Big Kay's and handing him the keys. He then tells Billy that his work is finished and when Billy asks, ""Who are you, bro?” Jake wryly replies, ""You said it, Billy”. As Jake rides off on his dirt bike, Billy calls after him “Jake,” and then, realizing at last, “Jamie!”Jake picks up Keri, who is now being watched from a distance by Sheriff Loomis, and together they ride off along the desert highway under a huge moon, leaving the past behind."
Rambo	1	‘Rambo’ is a film that revolves around a trickster, Kitty (Sharan). He has a mother in the house. He has a maternal uncle to his company Premkumar (Tabla Naani). In a way it is Varahavatara from Kitty to his car broker business. He catches the sentiment in the society that any vehicle should not dash against a pig or vice-versa. The superstitious belief is that it would smash the further life. No one is ready to take this danger in life.Using the pig, Kitty was very cool in his set up to take the cars to custody for his business. In one of the cases a black colored car owned by Umesh is demanded by a Swamiji. The deal comes to Kitty and Premkumar. With this further danger also follows the two. When they open the dickey they find a dead body. This body is chased by a terrorist gang and the same car is also chased by former minister Annappa (Rangayana Raghu) as it has ₹25 crores in it.Knowing about the death, Kitty wants to hand it over to the party who demanded it and he finds a murdered person. In the later course of time they find it belongs to a minister and the money inside make them greedy. In such a situation Kitty wants to know why terrorists are behind that body in his truck of the car . He scans the body and finds a pen drive tucked inside. That explains a terrorist gang is up to a major demolition of peace.Kitty comes straight to DC Vijayalakshmi (Shruthi) and becomes a good citizen with handing over everything to the government.[19]
Kamaraj	0	The narration is divided into three phases. The pre-Independence period, depicting Kamaraj's childhood, the influence of Satyamurthy, Kamarajs growth as a politician and his prison life.The second phase depicts his taking over as the Congress Chief Minister of the state, the reforms he tries to bring in, especially in education, his largesse and his bending the rules for a good cause-like for the urgent eye-operation of a kid. It also displayed his sense of humour (like his response when his mother in the village sends word that she needed a fan and a blanket), his refusal to take advantage of his position (asking for the newly installed tap to be removed from his village-house).The third phase where he puts forth the Kamaraj Plan, resigns from the post of CM, involves himself in party work; his influence on national politics, his emergence as a kingmaker and finally his disillusionment with the emerging non-ethics in political life.The closing scene (taken from the record files of the actual funeral), show swarms of humanity mourning the death of their beloved leader.
The Prodigal Son	1	"Leung Chang (Yuen Biao) is a young man in a wealthy family living in Foshan in the mid-19th century. He is a martial artist trained by two instructors in his father's employ. He has fought over three hundred times in Foshan and won every fight, but unbeknownst to him, his father has arranged for his servant Yee Tung-choi (Chan Lung) to bribe Chang's opponents to lose to him in order to protect him. This has caused Chang to believe that he is a world-class fighter, but in truth he hasn't even mastered the basics of kung fu and any real fighter could easily defeat him. Everyone knows this but him, giving him the nickname ""The Prodigal Son"" behind his back, because of the money he is costing his parents who pay to keep him from getting injured.One night, three of Chang's friends attend a performance by the Lok Fung Lin Chinese Opera troupe. One of Chang's friends is attracted to the lead actress and asks her out on a date after the performance. She refuses, but he insists and even harasses her. She reveals herself to be a man, Leung Yee-tai (Lam Ching-ying), a master of Wing Chun. He beats up and humiliates Chang's friends. Chang challenges Yee-tai to a fight to avenge the insults to his friends. As usual, Yee Tung-choi tries to bribe Yee-tai to lose, but Yee-tai refuses, easily defeats Chang, and reveals the truth about his martial arts ineptitude to him.Chang, desiring to learn real kung fu, asks Yee-tai to teach him Wing Chun. Yee-tai refuses because he thinks Chang would probably misuse it, but Chang has his father buy the Lok Fung Lin troupe and gives himself a job as Yee-tai's personal assistant, insisting on following Yee-tai everywhere until Yee-tai agrees to teach him Wing Chun. This continues for six months. The Lok Fung Lin troupe travels to Canton. There, Yee-tai's Wing Chun skills are witnessed by Lord Ngai Fei (Frankie Chan), the son of a Manchu duke, who is also a martial arts master and is hunting for a worthy opponent.Ngai forces Yee-tai to fight him. Ngai and Yee-tai are evenly matched until Yee-tai has an asthma attack. Ngai stops the fight and postpones it until Yee-tai is healthy and fit for it. It is revealed that Ngai is also a ""prodigal son""; unbeknownst to him, his father has ordered his bodyguards to protect him from anyone who might beat him in a fight. However, their methods are more ruthless and brutal than the bribery employed by Chang's parents; they resort to assassination.During the night, Ngai's bodyguards and a team of assassins infiltrate the Lok Fung Lin theater, massacre the troupe, and burn down the theater. Yee-tai is having trouble sleeping because of his asthma, and he sees light reflected off an assassin's blade through his eyelids and reacts in time to escape along with Chang. The assassins think they died in the fire, as does everyone else. Yee-tai takes Chang to the home of his martial brother Wong Wah-bo (Sammo Hung). With Wah-bo's help, Chang finally convinces Yee-tai to teach him Wing Chun. Chang trains under both Yee-tai and Wah-bo; Yee-tai trains him in Wing Chun and Wah-bo trains him in freestyle fighting.Over time, Chang achieves proficiency in martial arts, but Yee-tai's asthma is worsening. Chang takes Yee-tai back to Foshan to see a doctor. There, Ngai learns that Yee-tai is still alive, and he visits him. Yee-tai reveals that Ngai's bodyguards have been assassinating everyone who might beat Ngai. The bodyguards murder Yee-tai. Ngai, horrified, has his bodyguards executed. Chang challenges Ngai to a fight. Using everything that Yee-tai and Wah-bo taught him, he manages to beat Ngai."
Johnny One-Eye	1	In Manhattan, former gangster turned legitimate businessman Martin Martin (Pat O'Brien) has become the target of a politically ambitious district attorney, who has offered immunity for Martin's former partner in crime Dane Cory in exchange for his testimony. After being informed about the deal and narrowly escaping arrest, Martin pays a visit to Cory to persuade him not to testify. The meeting ends up with a shootout, with Martin killing one of Cory's henchmen and being hit himself before fleeing. With his picture on newspaper front pages and a reward on his head, Martin decides to hide in an abandoned house. While recovering to prepare a final assault on Cory, he adopts an injured dog that strays into his hideout and names him Johnny One-Eye.
Jigarthanda	2	"Karthik Subramani (Siddharth) is a short-film maker and aspires to make a feature film. He participates in a talent search program (like Naalaya Iyakkunar) and is in the semi-final round. The show’s two judges include a highbrow film director (Nassar) who trashes Karthik’s attempt at film-making and a profit-oriented producer (Aadukalam Naren) who riles against the director, and declares that Karthik made the best film among the contestants. Though the director eliminates Karthik from the contest, the producer offers to produce a film with Karthik as the director and both the judges storm out of the show. The next day, the producer is annoyed that Karthik took his words seriously and came to meet him. He is uninterested in the script that Karthik wants to film, and instead suggests that he wants to make a gangster film along the style of Nayakan, Thalapathi, The Godfather etc. Karthik takes this suggestion to heart and sets his mind on documenting the life of a gangster and making a film script out of it.With help from his journalist uncle (Gajaraj), Karthik finds out about ""Assault"" Sethu (Bobby Simha), a ruthless gangster in the city of Madurai, and decides that he will make a film about the life of Sethu. He travels to Madurai and enlists the help of a reluctant college friend Oorani (Karunakaran) to conduct surveillance on Sethu and his men. Since Karthik and Oorani are afraid of approaching Sethu directly, they plot to develop contacts with two of Sethu’s top henchmen. They also try to obtain information from an old shopkeeper (Sangili Murugan) who has been around since Sethu was a kid. To get closer to Sethu, Karthik also puts up an act of reciprocating the love of Kayalvizhi (Lakshmi Menon), whose mother (Ambika) cooks for Sethu. Because of their various attempts to seek information about Sethu, they arouse the suspicion of Rasu (Ramachandran Durairaj), Sethu’s right-hand man, who puts an underling, Sounder (Senthil Kumaran) to watch Karthik and Oorani. Sounder becomes good friends with Karthik, and Karthik uses his trust to plant a wireless microphone in a music player that he lends to Sounder. In a quick turn of events, Sounder is busted as a mole for an opposing gang and is killed.Sethu finds out the tap placed in the music player that Sounder was carrying and quickly locates Karthik and Oorani. When about to die at the hands of Sethu, Karthik confesses that he was spying on Sethu so that he could make a movie about his life, along the lines of Nayakan, Thalapathi, The Godfather, and etc.. Sethu is enamored by the prospect of his life being portrayed on the big screen and initiates Karthik and Oorani into his gang so that they can document his life. He and his gang members boast of their crimes and take Karthik along for their gang activities. Karthik gleefully documents everything and is ecstatic that he has a fantastic story in hand for his debut movie. When he is ready to leave Madurai with all the information that he ever needed, Kayal discovers that Karthik used her for information and is vengeful. Sethu invites him for a send-off party. During the partying, Kayal remarks that Sethu himself should act as the main character in the gangster film about his life. Sethu takes this seriously and threatens Karthik to direct the film with Sethu playing himself on screen. Distraught at the sudden turn of events, Karthik tries to flee out of Madurai but is caught by Sethu’s gang. They also kidnap the producer of Karthik’s film and force them both to make the gangster movie.Karthik reluctantly agrees, but soon finds that Sethu and his men cannot act in front of a camera. He hires an acting coach Muthu (Guru Somasundaram), who sets up a rigorous teaching schedule for Sethu and his men. After a period of training, Muthu thinks that while the others are hopeless, Sethu has at least a sliver of acting talent. The production of the movie commences and Karthik becomes quite frustrated with Sethu’s acting ineptitude. Still, he perseveres with the movie and has Muthu coach Sethu in emotional crying scenes in between breaks. Finally, the production is wrapped. Sethu and his men are on cloud nine and create a great fanfare for the movie’s release. The film releases and during the first show, Sethu gets the shock of his life. Realizing that a serious gangster film featuring Sethu would be a disaster, Karthik had surreptitiously changed the story of the film into a comedy. He edits and dubs over Sethu’s voice in such a way that the film shows Sethu as a guy who achieves everything in life by crying. The film’s title A. Kumar is revealed to be Azhuguni (Crybaby) Kumar and not Assault Kumar as Sethu had thought. The film receives a tremendous response from the audience who left theaters in tears after laughing their guts out. Sethu is mad at being made a fool to the world and searches for Karthik. However, Karthik and the rest of the crew go into hiding in anticipation of Sethu’s wrath.While searching for Karthik and his crew, Sethu encounters events that make him realize that the fear that people have for him does not equal respect. He finds that by making people laugh inadvertently through his film, he had earned true respect than respect by fear such as his mother, who never spoke to him, ever since he became a gangster and finally spoke to Sethu after seeing his film. In a final face-off, Sethu and Karthik meet each other by accident, he's on his way to deliver the video recordings of Sethu’s boastful confessions to the police. Sethu pardons Karthik in a dramatic way and Karthik chooses to put Sethu’s past behind him and let him seek a new life. They each go on to pursue careers in the movie industry. Karthik now has started to use Sethu's gang to bully people such as Vijay Sethupathi into acting for his movies, while Sethu started working as an actor by acting in a film made by Vetrimaaran. Sethu also has married Sounder's wife while Karthik married Kayalvizhi."
Hell's Hinges	0	Hell's Hinges tells the story of a weak-willed minister, Rev. Bob Henley (played by Standing), who comes to a wild and debauched frontier town with his sister, Faith (played by Williams). The owner of the saloon, Silk Miller (played by Hollingsworth), and his accomplices sense trouble and encourage the local rowdies to disrupt the attempts to evangelize the community. Hard-bitten gunman Blaze Tracy (played by Hart), the most dangerous man around, is, however, won over by the sincerity of Faith. He intervenes to expel the rowdies from the newly built church.Silk adopts a new approach. He encourages the dance-hall girl, Dolly (played by Glaum), to seduce Rev. Henley. She gets him drunk, and he spends the night in her room. The following morning the whole town learns of his fall from grace. Blaze rides out to find a doctor for the now near-demented minister.The disgraced minister, having rapidly descended into alcoholism, is goaded into helping the rowdy element to burn down the church. The church-goers try to defend the church, and a gunfight erupts in which the minister is killed and the church set ablaze. Blaze returns too late to stop the destruction. In revenge, Blaze kills Silk and burns down the whole town, beginning with the saloon. He and Faith leave to start a new life.
Ek Haseena Thi Ek Deewana Tha	2	Young and naive Natasha starts a chain of events when she creates a dilemma for herself. She sets off for her destination wedding with fiance, Sunny, to her ancestral property Mt. Unique Estate, only to fall helplessly in love with its stud farm keeper Devdhar. Consumed by his robust yet poetic, aggressive yet persistent advances, she realises that his arms were the ultimate destination of her dreams. But who really is Devdhar? A conman hired to destroy her bliss, a supernatural being or just a figment of her imagination? Torn between her lover and the one she dares to love, Natasha learns that love is the deadliest deception when she is engulfed in a vortex of devastating upheavals that leaves all those touched by its intensity heartbroken and in a state of bewilderment.
How to Murder Your Wife	1	"Stanley Ford (Jack Lemmon) is a successful newspaper cartoonist enjoying the comforts of a well-to-do and happy bachelorhood in his urban New York City townhouse, including his loyal and attentive valet, Charles Firbank (Terry-Thomas). Stanley's comic strip, Bash Brannigan, is a secret-agent thriller characterized by a high level of realism: No matter how outrageous the plot, Stanley will not allow Brannigan to do anything physically impossible or use gadgets that don't exist. He hires actors and sets up elaborate enactments of storylines, playing Brannigan himself, while Charles takes photographs that Stanley will use as visual references when drawing each strip.While attending a bachelor party for his friend Tobey Rawlins (Max Showalter), Stanley becomes very drunk and later marries a beautiful Italian woman (Virna Lisi), who earlier had stepped out of a large cake wearing a whipped cream bikini. An equally drunken judge (Sidney Blackmer) performed the impromptu wedding. The following morning, Stanley wakes up next to his naked wife. He asks his lawyer Harold Lampson (Eddie Mayehoff) to arrange a divorce, but Lampson says this is impossible without legal justification.Stanley's new bride is cheerful, affectionate, and sexy, but does not speak English. To learn the language, she spends time with Harold's manipulative, hen-pecking wife Edna (Claire Trevor), who speaks Italian. Unfortunately, in the process, she also learns Edna's ways. Meanwhile, Charles, who has a policy of not working for married couples, takes a new job with Rawlins, who was jilted by his bride. With his valet now replaced by his wife, Stanley's bathroom fills with beauty products and lingerie, and he is kept awake at night by television, which his wife watches to learn English. Her high-calorie Italian cooking also balloons up his weight, and she announces that her mother will be coming from Rome to live with them.Adjusting to his marital status, Stanley changes his Bash Brannigan comic strip from the exploits of a secret agent to a household comedy, The Brannigans, again drawing from his real life. The comic strip turns Bash into a bumbling idiot and becomes wildly popular with the public. His wife continues to alter Stanley's lifestyle. Increasingly irritated by the restrictions of married life, Stanley calls a meeting of his associates at his all-male health club. When Edna learns of the meeting, she telephones Mrs. Ford and arouses her suspicions about Stanley's activities. She sneaks into the club, with the result that Stanley is banned for violating its ""no women"" policy.In response Stanley concocts a plot in his comic strip to kill Brannigan's wife. He drugs her with ""goofballs"" and burys her alive in ""the goop from the gloppitta-gloppitta machine"" at the construction site next to their home, so that Brannigan can resume his career as a secret agent. As always, he enacts the events live before drawing the strip, again with the help of his old valet Charles Firbank. After drugging his wife during a wild cocktail party, Stanley carries her up to bed, then switches to a department-store mannequin for the burial in concrete.Mrs. Ford comes to and sees the finished comic strip describing Stanley's murder plan and realizes that her husband does not love her. While Stanley sleeps, she leaves without a trace, taking nothing with her. After reading The Brannigans strip in the newspapers, the district attorney and police conclude that Stanley actually murdered his wife. Stanley is arrested and charged with murder, and his comic strips are used as prosecution evidence at the murder trial. When the trial appears to be headed for a conviction, Stanley takes up his own defense and pleads justifiable homicide, appealing to the all-male jury's frustrations regarding their own wives. He is acquitted unanimously, and the men in the courtroom applaud and carry Stanley out of the courtroom on their shoulders to the consternation of the stunned women.Stanley finds his wife asleep in their bed when he returns home. Charles reminds him that he is now free to kill her without any legal consequences, since he has already been acquitted of her murder. Trying him again would constitute double jeopardy. In his time without her Stanley came to realize that he loves his wife, and, after putting her wedding ring back on her finger, they are reconciled. Meanwhile, Charles meets Mrs. Ford's attractive mother, and becomes instantly smitten. She came from Rome with her daughter, who had fled home to momma. Like Charles, she has a prominent diastema (a space or gap between two teeth). Charles closes the door to her room so they can share an amorous moment alone."
The Emperor's New Clothes	1	"In 1821, Napoleon Bonaparte (Holm), after six years in exile on the isle of St. Helena, has a plan to escape. Switching places with lowly French deckhand Eugene Lenormand (Holm again), Napoleon will make his way to Paris, at which time Eugene will announce the switch, allowing Napoleon to reclaim his throne.However, the plan quickly goes awry: the ship Napoleon is serving on abruptly changes its itinerary and docks in Belgium instead of France. Having to make his way to France by land (and gaining an appalling look at the tourist trap the Battlefield of Waterloo has become), he is finally met at the French border by a loyal agent, Sgt. Bommell (Clive Russell), formerly of the French Imperial Guard. Bommell gives him the name of another agent in Paris he can trust, Lt. Truchaut.Arriving in Paris, Napoleon is surprised to find that Truchaut has recently died. Passing himself off as an old comrade of the Lieutenant, Napoleon accepts the hospitality of Truchaut's widow, Nicole, whom everyone calls ""Pumpkin"" (Hjejle), and makes the acquaintance of her other lodger, Dr. Lambert (McInnerny) and her adopted young son, Gerard.The crucial flaw in the plan reveals itself when, back on St. Helena, Eugene decides he likes living in the relative luxury of Napoleon's exile, and refuses to reveal the switch. Napoleon's French entourage find themselves unexpectedly powerless, as Eugene stuffs his face with sweets, dictates his own bawdy version of Napoleon's official memoirs, and even manages to convince his British captors that he is the true Napoleon.With no news from St. Helena, Napoleon is drawn into Pumpkin's life. When her fruit-selling business is on the brink of failure, he applies his own talents for planning and organization, and the business becomes prosperous again.As affection develops between Napoleon and Pumpkin, Dr. Lambert, who had designs on Pumpkin himself, jealously searches for some kind of dirt on ""Eugene."" Going through his bedroom, Lambert is shocked to find a small cameo portrait of Napoleon's young son, and realizes who ""Eugene"" really is.On St. Helena, Eugene abruptly drops dead of some kind of stomach complaint (in real-life, Napoleon reportedly died of gastric cancer). Quickly realizing that the dead man on the island is not Napoleon, the British garrison commander lays out their options: either they announce the fraud, and commit themselves to heinous punishment, or else they maintain that ""what we have here is a dead emperor"" and so everything is well.When ""Napoleon's"" death is announced throughout France, the real Napoleon abruptly remembers his original plan and announces to Pumpkin that it is time for him to take his rightful place on the French throne. To his fury, Pumpkin is horrified and dismisses him as a delusional lunatic, pleading with him that she loves Eugene, and hates Napoleon.With no loyalist agent in Paris to vouch for his identity, Napoleon finds himself an Emperor without an army, or a friend. He is reduced to going to Dr. Lambert, who he realizes stole the portrait, and demanding it back. When he demands to be told ""who I am,"" Lambert retorts, ""I will show you.""In revenge for being beaten to Pumpkin's affections, Lambert lures Napoleon onto the grounds of a sanitorium, where it seems every patient is dressed up as Napoleon, and pretending to be him. Lambert withdraws, expecting the real Napoleon to be rounded up by the attendants, but a shaken Napoleon escapes the grounds by climbing over the wall, suffering a nasty cut on his hand from the chevaux de frise on top. Lambert drops the cameo down a sewer grate.Emotionally and physically exhausted, Napoleon returns home to Pumpkin's house. She lovingly tends his wounds, and whispers in his ear, ""you are my Napoleon.""While Gerard is looking at a pictorial account of Napoleon's life on a magic lantern, Napoleon tells him the story of what really happened. It seems that Gerard, if no one else, believes Napoleon's story.Deciding that he is happiest living a simple life with Pumpkin, Napoleon destroys all his mementos of his former life, except his old Imperial Guard uniform, which he leaves at the local military post as a gift for Sgt. Bommell, with a message that ""Eugene Lenormand has moved on.""An after-note states that Napoleon Bonaparte lived out the rest of his life in Paris and was buried next to Pumpkin; while Eugene Lenormand's body was brought back to Paris and interred with high honors in Les Invalides."
First Offenders	0	A crusading and reform-minded District Attorney resigns from his position in order to open establish a farm that give juvenile delinquents and first-offenders a place to straighten out their lives before they reach the point of no return. He meets much resistance from various segments of the law and the citizens.
The Black Room	1	"In a Tyrolean castle in the late 18th century, twin sons, Gregor and Anton, are born to the de Berghmann baronial family. The baron is concerned: an old prophecy in the family states that the younger brother shall kill the elder in the Black Room of the castle.Some years later in 1834,[2] it is revealed that the Baron Gregor (Boris Karloff) has become a depraved ruler who murders the wives of local peasants. His brother, Anton (also played by Karloff), who cannot use his right arm and has spent much of his life traveling Europe, returns to the castle for a visit, but refuses to believe the rumors he hears about Gregor. The kindly Anton becomes popular with the villagers and the castle staff, being the exact opposite of his brother. At the same time, Gregor's attempts to woo Thea (Marian Marsh), daughter of family advisor Colonel Hassell, fail noticeably before both her admiration for Anton and her true love for young Lieutenant Albert Lussan (Robert Allen).When the castle servant Mashka (Katherine DeMille) disappears after being seen with Gregor, the locals form a mob and enter the castle, confronting the baron. Gregor agrees to abdicate, and give power to his brother, who has become popular. After the papers are signed to relinquish his baronetcy to Anton, he lures his unsuspecting brother to the Black Room, kills him, and throws him into the pit where the dead bodies of Mashka and his other victims are kept. Gregor now assumes Anton's identity, and prepares to wed Thea, whose father supports their union. Lt. Lussan angrily and threateningly objects to the Colonel; Gregor kills the Colonel and easily frames the Lieutenant, who is found guilty and sentenced to death.Only Anton's mastiff recognizes that the baron is not his master, and the dog pursues Gregor when he travels to town for his wedding. Meanwhile, Lussan escapes his cell and meets secretly with Thea, who urges him to flee. He refuses, however, and the wedding ceremony begins in the town cathedral. As the stately ceremony draws to a close, the priest asks for any who object to the union to ""speak now or forever hold their peace"", and the dog attacks ""Anton"", who defends himself with his supposedly paralyzed right arm. Standing thus revealed, Gregor flees. The townspeople gathered for the wedding form a mob in a matter of seconds. The dog, followed by the mob, which includes Lussan, pursues Gregor to the castle, where he attempts to hide in the Black Room. The mob discovers where he is and begins to batter open the secret door. Before they can gain passage, however, the dog squeezes through and throws himself on Gregor, who falls backward into the pit and onto the knife still held in his murdered brother's crippled hand. Thus, the prophecy is fulfilled."
The Penalty	1	As described in a film magazine,[2] Blizzard (Chaney), a legless cripple whose cunning and criminal mind make him the master of the Barbary Coast underworld, is possessed of two ambitions. One is to get revenge upon Dr. Ferris (Clary), whose blunder during a childhood operation resulted in his legs being mistakenly amputated; the other is to rally the Reds in his organization and loot the city of San Francisco. To accomplish one Blizzard poses for the bust of Satan which is expected to be the masterpiece of Barbara Ferris (Adams), daughter of the doctor, gaining her sympathy and eventually threatening to force her marriage to him. To effect the other, he organizes the dance hall girls to work at the making of hats in a factory room at this house, the hats to be the symbol of the lawbreaking hordes when they are unleashed on the city. Rose (Terry), a detective, obtains entrance to his house as director of the factory. She is brought to love Blizzard for his passion for music. The life of the fiance of Barbara is endangered by Blizzard, who has the idea that the man's legs should be grafted on Blizzard's stumps, a second operation clears Blizzard's brain and he sees with a clear vision his fearful, terrible past, which falls away as if a dream. When happiness comes in his marriage to Rose, his former confederate Frisco Pete (Mason), a drug fiend fearful that Blizzard will reveal the identity of his gang of followers, takes the leader's life. Barbara and her lover are restored to one another.
Lovin' Molly	1	"Over a span of nearly 40 years, Gid and Johnny, a pair of Texas farm boys, compete for the affections of Molly Taylor, a free spirit who cares for both of them. The story is told by three consecutive segments which is narrated by one of the three lead roles.The first segment is set in 1925 and narrated by Gid, who introduces himself as well as his best friend Johnny and Johnny's girlfriend Molly Taylor with whom Gid becomes smitten. Gid works part-time as a ranch hand at Molly's farm and often competes against Johnny for Molly's affections. Despite their frequent feud and arguments, Gid and Johnny's friendship never ends during their excursions and errands for Molly's father to sell and buy cattle for the family farm. Molly eventually sleeps with Gid, as well as Johnny, but she eventually chooses neither one of them and instead marries school friend Eddie after the death of her father. Gid eventually marries Sarah, a local widow with several children, and Johnny leaves town for places unknown.The second segment is set in 1945 and is narrated by Molly. It was revealed that Molly had three sons from her three different suitors, and each one of them died in combat during World War II which is currently waging. Molly's husband Eddie also died from an illness several years before. Gid had divorced Sarah and began spending most of his free time with Molly, who withheld the news of their son's death in battle. When he finally did learn the news, Gid took it badly and became more depressed. Johnny re-entered their lives after living away and, having had married and divorced his own wife, took a more active part in helping Molly run her late father's farm.The third and final segment is set in 1964 and is narrated by Johnny. He reveals that Gid is in a local hospital dying from cancer and Johnny has been keeping a bedside vigil over him. Wanting out of the place, Johnny takes Gid away from the hospital for a few days to visit Molly who is still living at her father's farm and is contemplating selling it. After working with Johnny around the farm to relive their ""good old days"" long gone by, Gid passes away as Johnny is taking him back to the hospital. After Gid's funeral, Johnny meets with Molly where they agree and despite they never got married or had a life in operating her family farm, they will always be soul mates before Johnny leaves Molly for the last time."
B*A*P*S	2	"Nisi (Halle Berry) and Mickey (Natalie Desselle-Reid) are waitresses in a soul food diner in Decatur, Georgia. Their dream is to open the world's first combination hair salon and soul food restaurant.To accumulate start-up money, they audition for a music video in Los Angeles. Through an unusual turn of events, they end up assisting a Beverly Hills butler and caring for an aging millionaire, Mr. Blakemore, who welcomes them into his mansion. They become Black American Princesses (BAPs) ""livin' large and takin' charge!"" amongst the rich and famous.They soon find themselves in the middle of a plot to milk the millionaire of his fortune. Realizing that they have acted no better than the plotters, they choose instead to become Mr. Blakemore's primary caregivers.Blakemore eventually passes and his will grants half of his fortune to them."
Zenda	0	The movie is based on actual life of party workers who have aligned their loyalty towards a particular political party and also loosely based on the most reputed and powerful political family of Balasaheb Thackeray.It highlights the glorious past of party and strong organisation fighting for Marathi community in Maharashtra, India.The storyline depicts the plight of party workers who have aligned their loyalty towards a particular political party based on its apex leader. When the leadership baton is passed on to the next generation, one of the new leaders breaks away from the core. What follows is the rift between friends who were once bonded together by the cause led by the party and now finding themselves opposing each other.The movie also touches on the part where political images have been built completely based on media and PR exercises. Under pressure from the media campaign managers and in an attempt to please the monitory vote banks, the ideologies behind the parties are sacrificed, leaving the purists and youth betrayed.Amongst the betrayed are also the youth who break away to establish themselves from under the shadow of the older leadership, only to find that their good work left aside when it is time for an election ticket allotment.
Railroaded!	2	"The innocent owner of a van that is unsuspectingly used in a back-room bookie operation robbery is ""railroaded"" (informal, refers to the conviction of someone based on false or weak evidence without proper corroboration) for the killing of a cop during the getaway.Clara Calhoun is a beautician with a shop in New York. Her shop is in fact a front for a bookmaking operation. One evening when she closes up for the night, she gives a silent signal to two masked gunmen lurking outside. These two bandits then burst into the shop and hold up both Clara and her unsuspecting assistant, Marie Westin. The money they get hold of is betting money from the illegal operation.During the robbery, a policeman just happens to be in the neighborhood. He sees the hold up and tries to interrupt the robbery. When the policeman intervenes, one of the robbers, Duke Martin, shoots him down with his gun. Before drawing his last breath, the police officer manages to shoot and wound the other robber, ""Cowie"" Kowalski. The two robbers then escape the scene in a laundry truck, and Duke drops off Cowie at a doctor's house for medical care. Before leaving Duke reminds Cowie of the plan to implicate a certain Steve Ryan in the crime.Later on, Clara and Marie are interrogated by detectives Mickey Ferguson and Jim Chubb. Marie describes both robbers as black-haired, but Clara insists that one of them, the ""shooter"", had sandy hair. Clara's version is believed, and soon the sandy-haired Steve Ryan, who usually drives the laundry truck and whose Navy scarf was found at the shop, is found and brought in for questioning. After a round of tough questioning by Mickey and Chubb, Steve is then taken to a hospital, where Cowie identifies him as the killer.Steve claims that he is framed by Cowie for something he didn’t do. He says the reason for this is that he beat him up for making a pass at his sister Rosie. But the detectives don’t believe Steve’s story. Clara too confirms Cowie's identification, and the unfortunate Steve is arrested. Steve’s sister Rosie is sure of her brother’s innocence.Rosie pleads her brother’s case to detective Mickey, but he is quite convinced of Steve’s guilt and intends to perform a thorough investigation. Clara, who has come up with the robbery scheme together with Duke, who in fact is her boyfriend, starts drinking heavily, angering Duke in the process. Their plan was to steal the money from Jacklin Ainsworth, Clara’s gambling boss and the owner of the Club Bombay.When it turns out Cowie dies from his gunshot wound, Rosie goes over to Clara's apartment and confronts her about her identification. A fight ensues between the two women. Duke watches the fight in hiding, and afterwards, Duke enters the room and tells Clara he will ""straighten out"" Marie before Rosie talks with her. Duke also tells Clara that she should lay low and disappear for a while, until Steve's trial. Rosie goes straight to Marie’s beauty salon, but is unable to find her. Also looking for Marie is Mickey, and he finds her outside the shop and offers her a ride home. Rosie accepts the ride, and on the way, Mickey confesses his doubts about Steve's guilt.Back at home, Rosie receives a message from Duke, telling her to come to the Club Bombay, where he normally works as manager. Rosie goes to meet Duke at the club, and in the meantime Mickey breaks into and inspects Clara's now-deserted apartment. He finds a lead in a photograph of Duke, and connects the two. Since Mickey has had dealings with Duke before, he recognizes the photo and goes to the club to question Duke about his relation to Clara.Duke suggests to Rosie that he knows who is framing Steve, and Rosie denounces Mickey in front of Duke. Mickey doesn’t give up though, concernedly warning Rosie to stay away from Duke. However, Rosie is determined to do anything to get her Steve off the hook, and puts more trust in Duke. in an attempt to disclose the relation between Clara and Duke, Mickey waits outside Clara's hideout apartment. When Duke appears and is about to enter the building, Mickey makes his presence known to him.Duke tries to get out of the implicating situation by accusing Clara of double-crossing him. he then runs off, and Mickey goes inside to speak with her. Mickey tells her that Marie has been found dead in the river. Because of this, he advises Clara to call him later at Rosie's house, for her own protection. Meanwhile, Duke has found another solution to his problem, by convincing an alcoholic named Wino to confess to the robbery, in exchange for a sum of money. He then talks to Rosie and assures her that Wino's statements will get Steve out of jail.Rosie buys the whole concept and goes home to get money for Wino. Duke goes back to Clara's apartment, but she isn’t there. After some searching he finds the frightened Clara calling Mickey at a drugstore. Clara arranges to meet Mickey at her apartment, but before the detective arrives, Duke shoots her down. Duke then goes to the Club Bombay and shoots and robs Ainsworth. Aware that Clara had called Rosie's phone number, Duke waits for Rosie at the club and accuses her of betraying him.Just when Duke is about to shoot Rosie too, Mickey arrives with the police, having ordered a raid on the club. In the ensuing commotion, Duke manages to fire a round at Rosie, and wounds her, but not fatally. Duke is then fired upon by the police and he is killed in a shootout with Mickey. Steve is eventually released from jail and Mickey and Rosie kiss each other."
The Rocket Man	0	As a result of the sudden and unexplained appearance of a mysterious rocket man, a little boy comes into possession of a mysterious ray gun. But its not any ordinary ray gun but one that once its aimed and activated compels anyone caught in its beam to tell the truth. He uses it to prevent his orphanage from being foreclosed upon by creditors and to help a young couple fall in love.[4]
Wu Kong	0	Set 500 years before the Monkey King wreaks havoc in the heavenly kingdom, it tells the stories of Wukong who, unwilling to bow down to his own destiny, sets out to rebel against the gods.
Don Muthu Swami	0	Don Muthu Swami is a comical tale of a Don, pushed to choose the path of Ahimsa by his dying father to change from Don Muthuswami to Sir Muthuswami.
Here Comes Fortune	0	The story begins as the God of Fortune is down to the annual mission to bring fortune to earth. The God of Fortune (Alan Tam) holds a meeting in the heavens to arrange other fortune fairies to not only bring fortune but love to mankind since global financial crisis happened not long ago.The story is mainly split into 3 parts:All the stories have a happy ending, and the movie ends with a carnival dance and all celebrities praising Chinese New Year's wishes to the audience.
The Pink Panther	2	"Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus narrates a flashback of a football match between France and China. French coach Yves Gluant enters the stadium, wearing the Pink Panther diamond ring, which is seen by his team as a symbol of pride and victory. He kisses his girlfriend, pop star Xania, and whispers something to her. After France wins the game in sudden death, Gluant is killed by a poison dart, with the Pink Panther diamond nowhere to be found.Eager to win the Medal of Honour, Dreyfus promotes a clumsy small-town policeman and ""village idiot"", Jacques Clouseau, to the rank of Inspector and assigns him to the Pink Panther case. Dreyfus simultaneously assembles a secret team of top investigators to crack the case, allowing Clouseau to serve as the public face of the investigation and draw all the media attention. Dreyfus assigns Gilbert Ponton to be Clouseau's assistant, instructing him to keep him informed of Clouseau's actions. Despite his orders, Ponton quickly befriends Clouseau, as Clouseau attempts to solve the case by looking for clues and interviewing people close to Gluant, though not without being clumsy and foolish during his work. All throughout this, Clouseau also works alongside secretary Nicole Durant, and starts to fall in love with her.Bizu, a French soccer player who had an affair with Xania and therefore is the prime suspect in Gluant's murder, is shot in the head and killed in the team's changing room. While at a casino to gather information, Clouseau encounters British Agent 006, Nigel Boswell. Boswell foils a robbery at the casino by the ""Gas Mask Bandits"", using Clouseau's trench coat to hide his identity. Clouseau mistakenly receives credit for the deed and is subsequently nominated for the Légion d'honneur, much to Dreyfus' dismay.Clouseau and Ponton follow Xania to New York City, suspecting that she knows more than she is telling. However, despite Ponton's insistence that she is most likely a suspect because Gluant cheated on her, Clouseau decides Xania is innocent. While in New York, Clouseau and Ponton eat hamburgers, and Clouseau discovers his love for the sandwich, which he had assumed to be nothing more than ""disgusting American food"". Meanwhile, because the poison that killed Gluant was derived from Chinese herbs, Dreyfus concludes that the killer is a Chinese envoy named Dr. Pang.Ready to take charge of the case and win the Légion d'honneur, Dreyfus has one of his officers swap Clouseau's bag with one full of weapons at the airport. The bag sets off the metal detector at security control, causing the guards to be suspicious of Clouseau who is eventually arrested because of his inability to pronounce ""hamburger"" correctly (he tried to smuggle some for the flight home due to his personal dislike of in-flight meals). Upon his return to France, the press vilifies him and Dreyfus strips him of his rank of Inspector. Dreyfus now plots to publicly arrest Dr. Pang at the Presidential Ball, where Xania will also be performing.Clouseau returns home and happens to see an article about his arrest online. He deduces from the photograph in it that Gluant and Bizu's assassin will target Xania next, and he phones Ponton and Nicole. The trio hurry to the Élysée Palace and sneak into the Presidential Ball. While Dreyfus publicly arrests Dr. Pang for Gluant's murder, Clouseau and Ponton save Xania's life by capturing her would-be assassin, Yuri, the coach of the football team. Jealous of Gluant and believing he should've taken credit for the football team's success instead of Gluant, Yuri used his knowledge of Chinese herbs, mandated by a soccer statute, to kill him. After overhearing Yuri's rants, Bizu blackmailed him, so Yuri killed Bizu using Russian military tactics to target the latter's occipital lobe. Yuri targeted Xania because she ignored him while she dated Gluant. Clouseau reveals the Pink Panther was not stolen but instead sewn into the lining of Xania's purse. He discovered this after the photograph of his arrest also showed an X-ray of the purse going through airport security. Xania confessed that she received it from Gluant as an engagement ring — he had whispered his proposal to her prior to the football match — but she hid this fact because she thought it could implicate her as the killer. Clouseau concludes that Xania is the ring's rightful owner, while Yuri is taken into custody.For successfully solving the case, Clouseau wins the Légion d'honneur. While leaving the ceremony with Ponton, Clouseau gets Dreyfus' suit caught in his car door; he remains oblivious to Dreyfus' screams as he drives away. Clouseau, Ponton and Nicole later visit him in the hospital. After Clouseau wishes him well, he accidentally releases the brake on Dreyfus' bed; the bed races through the hospital corridors and throws Dreyfus into the Seine, and he shouts Clouseau's name in anger as he is plunged into the river."
Diary of a Wimpy Kid	0	"The film starts with Rodrick waking up his brother Greg, saying it is time for school. However, Rodrick tricks Greg, as it is night. After the title sequence, Greg attends his first day at middle school and discovers the ups and downs, such as the missing stall doors in the boys' bathroom and the difficulties of obtaining a seat during lunch break. During P.E. lessons, he and his best friend Rowley escape from a game of Gladiator and learn about the Cheese Touch - a rotten piece of cheese on the basketball court that makes anyone who touches it an outcast. Greg also meets Angie, a girl who isolates herself from the other girls to survive. Greg states his intention of becoming the most popular student in school.At the end of the day, Rowley unintentionally embarrasses both boys by asking Greg if he wants to come over and ""play"". Greg looks through Rodrick's yearbook at home and Rodrick catches them, threatening to kill Greg. The next day, Greg signs up for wrestling to become popular but suffers humiliating losses against both Fregley, a weird outcast, and Patty Farrell, Greg's arch-enemy from elementary school. On Halloween, the two boys encounter teenagers while trick or treating, and they are drenched with water. When Greg threatens to call the cops, the teenagers chase them to his Grandma's house. Some time later on, Greg makes it an effort to make Rowley popular by changing his style of clothing and looks, and how he wears a backpack.The boys join Safety Patrol in an effort to become popular, and they try out for a contest that offers a student a chance to become the new cartoonist for the school paper. After Greg breaks Rowley's arm during a game the boys played, Rowley becomes extremely popular, and wins the contest. Greg becomes jealous of him. At Safety Patrol, Greg panicks when he encounters a truck identical to the teenagers' from Halloween, and hides the kids in a construction zone. He is spotted by a neighbour who mistakes him for Rowley. To his own bewilderment, Rowley is banned from the Patrol, but Greg eventually confesses to Rowley. Upset and feeling betrayed, Rowley tells Greg that isn't a good friend, and that all he cares about is himself. Rowley then ends their friendship, and makes friends with Collin who replaces Greg as Rowley's new best friend.Greg decides to pursue popularity without Rowley by joining the school play. At tryouts, Greg's soprano voice earns him the role of Dorothy; however, Patty threatens the teacher into casting her instead. Greg signs up as a tree, hoping to throw apples on Patty during the play, but during rehearsal, the trees are told they won't throw apples but sing a song instead. At the performance, Greg refuses to sing as Rodrick is videotaping the performance, and begins throwing apples, ending the play in chaos.Later, Rodrick found an invitation to the mother-son sweetheart dance, which Greg was trying his hardest to hide. As a result, Greg got revenge by letting Manny read Rodrick's pornographic magazines. Rodrick is grounded for leaving his magazines out in the open where their baby brother Manny is able to find them, but Greg fails to reconcile with Rowley.One day at school, Rowley and Greg confront each other. Patty and the other kids force Greg and Rowley to fight; however, neither of them are good at fighting. The Halloween teenagers arrive at the scene and force the school to flee, but catch Rowley and Greg. They force Rowley to eat the cheese before the P.E. teacher forces them to flee. When the other kids notice that the Cheese has been moved from its original location and has been bitten, Greg covers up for Rowley by saying he ate it. This mends their friendship but makes Greg an outcast, as he is thought to have the Cheese Touch.When the yearbooks are published, he and Rowley make the Class Favorites page as ""Cutest Best Friends."" Surprisingly though, people were brave enough to be close to Greg."
Poojaikku Vandha Malar	0	Suresh (Gemini Ganesan) and Ravi (R. Muthuraman) are close friends who, after a misunderstanding, become enemies. Suresh falls in love with Ravi's sister Chitra (Savithri), unaware that she is the sister of his friend-turned enemy. Once aware, he breaks up with her and vows never to marry her. Undaunted and determined to marry Suresh, Chitra comes to his house to live with him. The misunderstanding is ultimately cleared, Suresh and Ravi reconcile, and Suresh marries Chitra.
The Magic Roundabout	1	"The film begins as the wizard Zebedee, a red jack-in-the-box-like creature, is having a nightmare about being chased by a rampaging blue jack-in-the-box creature named Zeebad.The film then starts with Dougal sneaking around the carousel. He goes so far as to place a tack in the road to pop a sweet cart's tyre, thinking to be rewarded for watching the cart. After convincing the driver, Mr. Grimsdale to leave, Dougal accidentally starts the cart up again and causes it to crash into the titular magic roundabout at the centre of the village. Zeebad from Zebedee's nightmare emerges from the top and flies away, followed shortly after by a Foot Guard figurine that is thrown off the roundabout. The roundabout freezes over, trapping repairman Mr. Rusty, Dougal's young owner Florence, and two other children named Basil and Coral within an icy cell.The villagers, who are all animals, are horrified by this development, and call upon Zebedee for help. He explains that the roundabout acted as a mystical prison for the evil ice wizard Zeebad. With it broken, Zeebad is free to work his magic on the world again (it is implied he started the first ice age). The only way to stop Zeebad's freedom from freezing the world again is by collecting three magic diamonds (one of which is supposed to be hidden on the roundabout, while the other two are hidden at separate locations far beyond the village); placing all three diamonds in their respective slots on the roundabout will re-imprison Zeebad and undo his magic, but if Zeebad retrieves them first then their power will allow him to freeze the Sun itself. Zebedee sends Dougal the well-meaning cheeky chappy but slacker dog, Brian the cynical snail, Ermintrude the opera-singing cow and Dylan the hippie rabbit, to accomplish this mission along with a magic train who can be summoned by a magic remote. Meanwhile, when Zeebad crash lands after escaping the roundabout, he animates the Foot Guard figurine, Sam the Soldier, to be his henchman and enlists him to find the enchanted diamonds first. Meanwhile, Zebedee's fellowship makes camp in the icy mountains near Zeebad's old lair. Dougal wanders off during the night and is captured by Zeebad. Ermintrude breaks him out of his prison; after a short chase, Zebedee shows up to battle his evil counterpart. Zeebad eventually gains the upper hand, freezing Zebedee and collapsing the cliff on which he stands, presumably killing him.Mourning for their friend, Dougal and his friends embark to recover the diamonds. This task takes them to a lava-bordered volcano and an ancient temple filled with booby-traps and evil skeleton guards (at which point Dylan reveals an exceptional knowledge of several types of martial arts), but Zeebad captures both the diamonds from these respective locations; leaving the gang's only hope of stopping Zeebad freezing the world in ice to be getting back to the roundabout and to the final diamond before Zeebad does. The gang are forced along the way to leave Train behind when his wheel is broken, leaving them to return to the village on their own through the snowy barren wasteland the world is now freezing into. Zeebad, after having abandoned Sam the Soldier to die wounded in the snow, beats the gang to the now-frozen village, but is unable to find the third diamond anywhere. Sam then arrives on an elk, having realised he's been following the wrong commander in Zeebad and that his true duty is to protect the roundabout against Zeebad, and tries to make a stand and charge against him but is easily defeated. Having learned Sam was in fact on the roundabout, Zeebad discovers that the third diamond is and always was hidden inside Sam, and removes it from him (ending Sam's life as a result).Just as Dougal and the gang finally make it back to the village, Zeebad, with all three diamonds now in his possession, uses the diamonds to complete his powers' freezing effect on the world by freezing the Sun. However, Ermintrude, Brian, Dylan, and finally Dougal refuse to give up, and intervene to stop Zeebad; getting past Zeebad's attacks to the diamonds, and getting each of them one-by-one into their places on the roundabout until only the third diamond is left. Though Zeebad beats the gang to the diamond and seemingly secures his victory, the timely arrival of a healed Train knocks the diamond out of Zeebad's reach and gives Dougal the chance to place it in the roundabout's final slot. With all three diamonds placed on the roundabout, Zeebad is reimprisoned, and the world is thawed and turned back to normal; restoring Zebedee to his friends, and freeing the people.Of those trapped in the roundabout, Florence is comatose, but is revived by an anxious Dougal. The elk (whose colour had been changed from brown to blue by Zeebad and helped Dougal's friends find Dougal in the earlier scenes of the film), is restored to his true colour by Zebedee. As everyone goes for a ride on the roundabout, they discover it still doesn't work, because Sam is still lifeless. At this point, Sam is restored and then reverted to his inanimate form, and placed back on the roundabout which functions once again. Dougal, who vowed to give up sugar when it seemed all was lost, forgets his former pledge completely, but now realises the true value of his friends and the good qualities of selflessness, courage, and humility.Two mid-credits scenes follow: one reveals Zeebad back in his prison, which, to his chagrin, is a molten lava cave. In another, Zebedee delivers his famous catchphrase to the audience, ""Time for bed"", before disappearing."
This Is the Night	2	When Claire Mathewson's husband Stephen comes back unexpectedly from the 1932 Summer Olympics, where he was supposed to compete in the javelin throw, he discovers the train tickets for a romantic Venice getaway she has planned with her lover Gerald.Gerald's friend, Bunny, lies and says that the tickets are actually for Gerald and his wife. With Stephen still suspicious, Gerald must find a fake wife to go to Venice with him. He tries to hire the actress Chou-Chou, but since her boyfriend is a jealous man, she gives the job to out-of-work Germaine, who needs the 2000 franc fee to keep from starving. At first, Gerald thinks she is too demure, but she soon convinces him that she can pretend to be a glamorous wife.The two couples go to Venice. Bunny, attracted to Germaine, decides to join them. On the train, Stephen questions Gerald and Germaine about how they met. When they arrive in Venice, Claire quickly becomes jealous, as both Stephen and Gerald seem fascinated by Germaine. Claire eventually demands that Gerald send Germaine away immediately, so he orders her to leave the next day. Meanwhile, a drunken Bunny climbs a ladder into Germaine's bedroom and offers to take her away. After she turns down his offer, he falls into a canal on his way out and is apprehended by two policemen. Stephen believes he hears a burglar and goes to her room to investigate. The two are then caught in a seemingly compromising position by Gerald and Claire. However, Bunny reappears and explains what really happened. Her love for her husband rekindled, Claire breaks off her affair with Gerald. Germaine reveals to Gerald that she is not in fact Chou-Chou and decides to return to Paris, but Gerald catches up to her in a gondola and asks her to marry him.
Rajapart Rangadurai	0	Sivaji and his siblings toil hard at young age to eke out a living. V.K.Ramasamy helps them out. Sivaji becomes a drama artist. Usha Nandini daughter of Nambiar who frequently visits his dramas becomes an ardent fan of Sivaji. While initiating about an alliance for his sister he faces a financial crunch. He borrows money from Nambiar against a wedding proposal for his brother, Srikanth with Usha. But his brother refuses at the last minute. Usha loves Sivaji and they both get married against Nambiar's wishes. This creates an enmity between Nambiar and Sivaji. Nambiar and his partner Ramdas, have a business conflict. Ramdas attempts on Sivaji's life as he tries to help the employees. Whether Sivaji survives or not is the rest of the movie.
Powder	2	"Jeremy ""Powder"" Reed is an albino young man who has incredible intellect and is able to sense the thoughts of the people around him. Jeremy's brain possesses a powerful electromagnetic charge, which causes electrical objects to function abnormally when he is around them, particularly when he becomes emotional. The electromagnetic charge also prevents hair from growing on his body.Jeremy's mother was struck by lightning while pregnant with him; she died shortly after the strike, but Jeremy survived. His father disowned him shortly after his premature birth, and he was raised by his grandparents. Jeremy lived in the basement and worked on their farm, never leaving their property and learning everything he knew from books. He is taken from his home when his grandfather is found dead of natural causes. Jessie Caldwell (Mary Steenburgen), a child services psychologist, takes him to a boys' home because he is now effectively a ward of the state.Jessie enrolls him in high school, where Jeremy meets physics teacher Donald Ripley (Jeff Goldblum). Donald finds out that Jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest IQ in the history of mankind. While his abilities mark him as special, they also make him an outcast.On a hunting trip with his schoolmates, Jeremy is threatened with a gun by John Box (Bradford Tatum), an aggressive student who views him as a freak. Before John can fire, a gun goes off in the distance, and everyone rushes to see that Harley Duncan, a Sheriff's deputy, has shot a doe. Anguished by the animal's death, Jeremy touches the deer and Harley, inducing in Harley what the students assume is a seizure. However, Harley admits that Jeremy had actually caused him to feel the pain and fear of the dying deer. Because of the experience, Harley removes all of his guns from his house, although Sheriff Doug Barnum allows him to remain as a sheriff's deputy without a sidearm.Doug enlists Jeremy to help speak to his dying wife through telepathy. Through Jeremy, the sheriff learns that his wife clings onto life because she didn't want to leave without her wedding ring on her finger and without him reconciling with his estranged son, Steven. She tells him that Steven found the ring and that it has been sitting in a silver box on her nightstand the entire time. Doug then places the ring on his wife's finger and reconciles with Steven, letting his wife die peacefully.Jeremy meets Lindsey Kelloway (Missy Crider), a romantic interest, but their relationship is broken by Lindsey's father. Before the interruption, he tells Lindsey that he can see the truth about people: that they are scared and feel disconnected from the rest of the world but in truth are all connected to everything that exists.Jeremy goes back to the juvenile facility and packs away his belongings, planning to run away to his farm. He pauses in the gym to stare at a male student washing, noticing the latter's luxurious head of hair as well as body hair which he himself lacks, and is caught at it by John Box, who accuses him of homosexuality. John steals Jeremy's hat and taunts him, but Jeremy reveals that John's words mimic what his stepfather said before beating him when he was 12, infuriating him. John and the other boys humiliate Jeremy, stripping him naked and taunting him. His powers begin to manifest by pulling at their metal buttons and any piercings. Eventually, a large spherical electromagnetic pulse erupts throwing Jeremy into a mud puddle and everyone else to the ground. John is found still, with his heart stopped. Jeremy uses an electric shock to revive him.In the final scene, Jeremy returns to the farm where he grew up, now in probate with the bank, and finds that all of his possessions have been removed. He is joined by Jessie, Donald, and Doug, who persuade Jeremy to come with them to find a place where he will not be feared and misunderstood. Instead, he runs into a field where a lightning bolt strikes him, and he disappears in a blinding flash of light, possibly transcending earthly limitations and becoming pure energy (as Donald alluded to in an earlier conversation). The electrical jolt hits Jessie, Donald, Doug, and Harley."
The Final Destination	1	College student Nick O'Bannon visits the McKinley Speedway with his girlfriend Lori Milligan and their friends Hunt Wynorski and Janet Cunningham. While watching the race, Nick has a premonition of a horrible car accident that sends debris into the stands, causing the stadium to collapse. When Nick panics a fight breaks out and several people leave the stadium, including, Lori, Hunt, Janet, security guard George Lanter, mechanic Andy Kewzer, his girlfriend Nadia Monroy, racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels, and mother Samantha Lane. As Nadia berates the group a stray tire suddenly flies out the stadium and decapitates her.Several days after the accident, Carter tries to set a cross on fire on George's lawn for preventing him from saving his wife, but a chain reaction causes him to be dragged down the street on fire before his tow truck explodes. The next day, Samantha is leaving the beauty salon when a rock propelled by a lawn mower is suddenly shot through her eye, killing her. After reading about the events in the paper and past disasters (of the previous films), Nick becomes convinced that Death is still after them. Hunt and Janet refuse to believe them, but they manage to convince George to help. The group visits the mechanic shop to warn Andy, but he is killed when a CO2 tank launches him through a chain link fence. After receiving a premonition involving water Nick tries to warn Hunt, who has gone to a country club pool. At the same time, George and Lori try to find Janet, who becomes trapped in a malfunctioning car wash, and they manage to save her at the last second. Hunt drops his lucky coin in the water after accidentally turning the pool's drain on and when he dives in he is sucked down to the drain, where the increasing suction eventually sucks his organs through the drain pipe. Afterward, George admits that he tried to commit suicide several times, but every attempt has failed. Nick believes saving Janet must have ruined Death's plan and the group celebrates.Four days later, Nick begins to see more omens and remembers asking, cowboy, Jonathan Groves to switch seats prior to the accident, meaning he is actually next. Nick and George track Jonathan down at a hospital, where he remained in traction recovering from the accident, and they witness him being crushed by an overflowing bathtub that falls through the ceiling. As they leave; George is suddenly hit by a speeding ambulance and Nick realizes that Lori and Janet are still in danger. He tracks them down at a mall cinema and convinces Lori to leave, but Janet refuses and is killed by flying debris when a chain reaction causes the screen to explode. A multitude of explosions race Nick and Lori through the mall until they are trapped on a malfunctioning escalator and Lori is dragged into the gears and killed. This turns out to be another premonition, and George is killed by an ambulance before Nick can warn him.At the mall, Lori begins seeing omens as well. Having failed in his premonition, Nick runs back to the mall to stop the explosion before it occurs. He is pinned to a wall by a nail gun but manages to stop the fire before it spreads to several combustible barrels, saving everyone. Two weeks later, Nick notices a loose scaffold prop while heading into a café and warns a construction worker about it before going inside. While talking with Lori and Janet, he starts to see more omens and alludes the theory that his predictions were red herrings meant to lead them to where they needed to be for Death to strike. Just as he realizes this the scaffold outside collapses causing a truck to swerve and crash into the coffee shop, killing all three of them. Janet is crushed under the tires, Lori is decapitated by the impact, and Nick is propelled into a wall, dislocating his jaw.
Hunger	2	"Prison officer Raymond Lohan prepares to leave work; he cleans his bloodied knuckles, checks his car for bombs, puts his uniform on, and ignores his comrades.Davey Gillen, a new IRA prisoner, arrives; he is categorised as a ""non-conforming prisoner"" for his refusal to wear the prison uniform. He is sent to his cell naked with only a blanket. His cellmate, Gerry Campbell, has smeared the walls with faeces from floor to ceiling as part of the no wash protest. The two men get to know each other and are seen living within the cell. Gerry's girlfriend sneaks a radio in by wrapping it and storing it in her vagina.Prison officers forcibly and violently remove the prisoners from their cells and beat them before pinning them down to cut their long hair and beards, grown as part of the no-wash protest. The prisoners resist, Sands spitting into Lohan's face, who responds by punching him in the face and then swings again, only to miss and punch the wall, causing his knuckles to bleed. He cuts Sands' hair and beard; the men throw Sands in the bathtub and scrub him clean before hauling him away again. Lohan is then seen smoking a cigarette, as in the opening scenes, his hand bloodied.Later, the prisoners are taken out of their cells and given second-hand civilian clothing. The guards are seen snickering as they are handed to the prisoners who respond, after Sands' initial action, by tearing up the clothes and wrecking their cells. For the next interaction with the prisoners, a large number of riot police are seen coming into the prison on a truck. They line up and beat their batons against their shields and scream to scare the prisoners, who are hauled from their cells, then forced to run the gauntlet between the lines of riot police where they are beaten with the batons by at least 10 men at once. Lohan and several of his colleagues then probe first their anuses and then their mouths, using the same pair of latex gloves for each man. One prisoner head-butts a guard and is beaten brutally by a riot officer. One of the riot officers is seen crying while his colleagues, on the other side of the wall, brutally beat the prisoners with their batons.Lohan visits his catatonic mother in a retirement home. He is shot in the back of the head by an IRA assassin and dies slumped onto his mother's lap.Sands meets Father Dominic Moran and discusses the morality of a hunger strike. Sands tells the priest about a trip to Donegal where he and his friends found a foal by a stream that had cut itself on the rocks and broken its back legs. Sands drowned the foal and tells the priest, although he got into trouble, he knew he had done the right thing by ending its suffering. He then says he knows what he is doing and what it will do to him, but he says he will not stand by and do nothing. The rest of the film shows Sands well into his hunger strike, with weeping sores all over his body, kidney failure, low blood pressure, stomach ulcers, and the inability to stand on his own by the end. In the last days, while Sands lies in a bath, a larger orderly comes in to give his usual orderly a break. The larger orderly sits next to the tub and shows Sands his knuckles, which are tattooed with the letters ""UDA"". Sands tries to stand on his own and eventually does so with all his strength, staring defiantly at the UDA orderly who refuses to help him up, but then he crumbles in a heap on the floor with no strength left to stand. The orderly carries him to his room. Sands' parents stay for the final days, his mother being at his side when Sands dies, 66 days after beginning the strike.The film explains that Sands was elected to the United Kingdom Parliament as MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone while he was on strike. Nine other men died with him during the seven-month strike before it was called off. 16 prison officers were killed by paramilitaries throughout the protests depicted in the film. Shortly afterwards, the British government conceded in one form or another to virtually all of the prisoners' five demands despite never officially granting political status."
Reno 911!: Miami	1	"The film opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding hostages and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff's Department arrives in a helicopter, called in as experts. As the group prepare to deal with the situation, Deputy Travis Junior wakes up and realizes it was a dream; he was sleeping at the wheel and the vehicle he and Lt. Dangle are in crashes.The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an ""armed person on a roof"", Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach. On arrival, the group finds they are not on the entrant list. Having nowhere to stay, they rent rooms at a motel that seems to be a hub of illegal activities. After partying most of the night, most of the police officers unsuccessfully attempt to seduce one another at the motel, with the guys eventually turning to pleasuring themselves to the shock of the ones outside.As everyone recovers from their hangovers, Johnson discovers a tattoo on her breast of a mystery man. The team return to the convention to see if their tickets were found, but discover the building has been the subject of a bio-chemical terrorist attack that has quarantined the police inside. The only city official left outside is assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder. The head of National Security asks Reno Sheriffs Department to provide law enforcement for Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent, Rick ""The Condor"" Smith, arrives on the scene to give a pep talk, but soon ends up blowing himself up with a grenade he had unpinned during the talk.The team assume the Miami Sheriff's responsibilities, and respond to several emergency calls including an alligator in a swimming pool; street prostitution that leads to Reno: 911 regular Terry who is in town to record an album; and a dead beached whale, which they eventually remove by blowing it up. Jones and Garcia are repeatedly kidnapped by Ethan, a drug lord who tries to act like Tony Montana from Scarface. Spoder fires the team for their incompetence, but as the team brings a cake to apologize to him they discover Spoder in cahoots with Ethan to create a drug empire. Spoder kills Ethan and escapes with the bio-terrorism antidote. The team chase Spoder, who holds them at gunpoint until Jones and Garcia arrive in a Marine helicopter and Spoder surrenders. Lt. Dangle arrests him, but Wiegel, who had been piloting the helicopter, accidentally blows Spoder up.The antidote is distributed, and the Reno Sheriff's Department are eventually congratulated by their peers for their actions. Dangle accepts a job at the Sheriff's Department at Aspen, who had repeatedly turned him down previously. The remaining team are offered a flight back to Reno by Terry, revealed to have a rich father, on his private jet. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team on their day's work. Dangle enters, interrupting the briefing, and explains that Aspen has a zero-tolerance policy forbidding homosexual sheriffs. Dangle continues the briefing, and reveals the group have been invited to a convention at Scotland Yard."
Black Friday	0	The famous Dr. Ernest Sovac's best friend, bookish college professor George Kingsley, is run down while crossing a street. In order to save his friend's life, Sovac implants part of another man's brain into the professor's. Unfortunately, the other man was a gangster who was involved in the accident. The professor recovers but at times behaves like the gangster, and his whole personality changes. Sovac is horrified but also intrigued, because the gangster has hidden $500,000 somewhere in the city. The doctor continues to treat his friend and, when the professor is under the influence of the gangster's brain, Sovac attempts to have the man lead him to the fortune. Béla Lugosi plays a gangster also trying to get his hands on the cash.
Folly to Be Wise	1	"Having recently taken over the role of Entertainments Officer at an army camp, the army chaplain Captain William Paris (Sim) is disheartened so few of the troops turn out for an evening of classical music. He visits a local pub and finds the place packed with soldiers, including his own driver. He then resolves to try and secure something more entertaining for the troops and decides to copy the idea of a brains trust, as in a popular BBC radio programme, where panellists answer questions from the audience.With the help of Lady Dodds, Paris manages to gather together a group of local notables, who all swiftly prove to be mildly eccentric. The group includes the opinionated Professor Mutch, who is a popular radio personality on BBC radio, and his friend the oil painter George Prout and his wife Angela. Upon arriving at their house, Paris interrupts Mutch and Mrs Prout who are about to embrace. Then meeting Mr Prout, he soon finds him a cold man who verbally abuses his wife. The 'brains trust' panel is rounded out by the hard-of-hearing Doctor McAdam and the chippy local Labour MP Joseph Byres.With the help of his secretary, Private Jessie Killigrew, the chaplain manages to organise the event. The hall is relatively well filled. Trying to avoid anything controversial, Paris forbids any discussion of politics or religion and begins with some innocuous questions about cows chasing after trains and if the Moon is inhabited. Things soon become heated when the MP takes offence at comments directed at him and threatens to start a fight. Having only just averted this, a question about marriage from Killigrew reveals the fragility of the Prouts' marriage. Fearing any controversy, Paris quickly announces that it is time for the interval.As word spreads around the camp of the goings-on, the second half begins with the room completely packed. Paris tries to steer the debate back to harmless questions about bluebottles, but Killigrew interrupts and demands an answer to her earlier question about marriage. As the Prouts begin arguing once again, Mrs Prout admits that the Professor is her ""lover"". At this, the whole event threatens to descend into anarchy despite Paris' attempts to maintain order. Desperate to restore a sense of propriety, he draws the proceedings to a close, and announces that next week they will return to classical music with a string quartet. A soldier stands up and thanks the chaplain for providing such entertainment and asking if the 'brains trust' can be made a regular feature, to rapturous applause.Worried about Mr Prout, who has disappeared and has been drinking heavily, the others follow him back to his house, where they mistakenly come to believe that he is going to throw himself over the cliffs, whereas he is merely planning a bit of quiet painting. Meanwhile, the Professor has revealed himself to be an inherently selfish man, while Mr Prout is suddenly far more reasonable. He and Mrs Prout soon resolve their differences, and he tries to be a little more considerate to her.The film ends with the string quartet playing once more and Paris sitting in an almost empty theatre."
December-1 	1	Basupura is a tiny village where Madevappa works here in a flour mill, and his wife Devakka makes rotis and sells in nearby towns. A school-going son, a daughter still in cradle and Madevappa's aged mother are the others in the family. It is a hand-to-mouth existence; but they have got used to it, with their own small pleasures and distant dreams.The whole village is getting geared up for the Chief Minister (CM)'s visit on 1 December. CM's officially scheduled overnight stay in Madevappa's house naturally gives Madevappa & family extra attention from all quarters giving them the feeling of a higher status and a brighter future. They look forward to the event with all the zeal and enthusiasm.CM's visit goes on well with a grand welcome, dinner with Madevappa, Photo Shoots, Press Meets, discussions with local leaders etc. Madevappa & family are over-whelmed by the proceedings, but hardly get to interact with the CM. Instead, they face embarrassing moments feeling as though they are outsiders in their own house.Wide media coverage highlights CM’s exhortations on the need for humanitarian approach in dealing with people suffering from serious health setbacks. Though well intended it creates difficulties to Madevappa and family driving them to despair.
92 Legendary La Rose Noire	1	Children's novel writer Butterfly Wong (Maggie Shiu) is unsuccessful in her career and relationship. One time, while attempting suicide, a couple nearby mistaken her for a robber. Wanting to return items left behind by the couple, Butterfly heads to the couple's home, accompanied by her friend, Chow Wai-kuen (Teresa Mo). There, they witness an illegal drug trade, followed by a mutual slaughter among the drug dealers. In order to avoid police suspicion, Butterfly imitates Black Rose, a vigilante character who appeared in 1960s Hong Kong films, and left a note behind. As a result, The real Black Rose's apprentices, Piu-hung (Fung Bo Bo) and Yim-fan (Wong Wan-sze), kidnap Butterfly. Detective Keith Lui (Tony Leung), who has a crush on Butterfly, proceeds to rescue her. However, Piu-hung and Yim-fan mistaken Keith for their ex-lover and locks him up as well.
Munich	2	"At the 1972 Munich Olympics, the Palestinian terrorist group Black September kills eleven members of the Israeli Olympic team. Avner Kaufman, a Mossad agent of German-Jewish descent, is chosen to lead a mission to assassinate 11 Palestinians allegedly involved in the massacre. At the direction of his handler Ephraim, to give the Israeli government plausible deniability, Avner resigns from Mossad and operates with no official ties to Israel. His team includes four Jewish volunteers from around the world: South African driver Steve, Belgian toy-maker and explosives expert Robert, former Israeli soldier and ""cleaner"" Carl, and Danish document forger Hans. They are given information by a French informant, Louis.In Rome, the team shoots and kills Wael Zwaiter, who is living as a poet. In Paris, they detonate a bomb in the home of Mahmoud Hamshari; in Cyprus, they bomb the hotel room of Hussein Abd Al Chir. With IDF commandos, they pursue three Palestinians—Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar, Kamal Adwan, and Kamal Nasser—to Beirut, penetrate the Palestinians' guarded compound and kill all three.Between hits, the assassins argue about the morality and logistics of their mission, expressing fear about their individual lack of experience, as well as ambivalence about accidentally killing innocent bystanders. Avner makes a brief visit to his wife, who has given birth to their first baby. In Athens, when they track down Zaiad Muchasi, the team finds out that Louis arranged for them to share a safe house with their rival PLO members, and the Mossad agents escape trouble by pretending to be members of foreign terrorist groups like ETA, IRA, ANC, and the Red Army Faction. Avner has a heartfelt conversation with PLO member Ali over their homelands and who deserves to rule over the lands; Ali is later shot by Carl while the team escapes from the hit on Muchasi.The squad moves to London to track down Ali Hassan Salameh, who orchestrated the Munich Massacre, but the assassination attempt is interrupted by several drunken Americans. It is implied that these are agents of the CIA, which, according to Louis, protects and funds Salameh in exchange for his promise not to attack U.S. diplomats. Meanwhile, attempts are made on the assassins themselves. Carl is killed by an independent Dutch contract killer. In revenge, the team tracks her down and executes her at a houseboat in Hoorn, Netherlands. Hans is found stabbed to death on a park bench, while Robert is killed by an explosion in his workshop. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in Spain, but again their assassination attempt is thwarted, this time by Salameh's armed guards. It is implied that Louis has sold information on the team to the PLO.A disillusioned Avner flies to Israel, where he is unhappy to be hailed as a hero by two young soldiers, and then to his new home in Brooklyn, where he suffers post-traumatic stress and paranoia. He is thrown out of the Israeli consulate after storming in to demand that Mossad leave his wife and child alone. Ephraim comes to ask Avner to return to Israel and Mossad, but Avner refuses."
Sex & Fury	0	The film tells the story of a female petty criminal, played by Reiko Ike, who becomes involved in international intrigue while searching for the sister of a man she saw murdered in a gambling den, as well as the gangsters responsible for murdering her father during her childhood.
The Woman's Angle	0	Story of three love affairs of man who belongs to celebrated family of musicians, culminating in divorce and his final discovery of happiness.[2]
Mini's First Time	1	"Mini Drogues (Nikki Reed) is a clever and adventurous high school senior who is bored with her life. Mini prizes her ""unique experiences"" (she calls them ""firsts""). For excitement, and to add to her list of firsts, Mini decides to try being a call girl. Her first client, however, has a guilty conscience and can't carry through with the act, which disappoints Mini. Her second client is decidedly more exciting: her stepfather Martin (Alec Baldwin). Martin is initially shocked when he learns of her identity (he initially blindfolded himself during intercourse per Mini's request), but soon a torrid love affair blossoms between the two.In order to be together, Mini and Martin concoct a plan to have Mini's mother Diane (Carrie-Anne Moss) declared insane. When their plan fails, Mini convinces Martin to murder Diane, despite his initial resistance to the idea. They attempt to make it appear that Diane committed suicide, but they soon attract the attention of a detective (Luke Wilson) who believes that Mini and Martin killed her. A nosy neighbor, Mike (Jeff Goldblum), is sexually obsessed with Mini, and when Martin learns that Mini had gone to Mike's house and had received sexual pictures from him, he and Mike get into a fight. Mini arrives to find Martin standing over the neighbor, ready to beat him into unconsciousness, and when the police arrive they arrest Martin.Mini visits Martin in jail and admits that the sexual pictures sent were actually from her in order to get Martin to think that the neighbor sent them. She also reveals that she assumed the police would eventually believe he killed Diane (since he was the more likely perpetrator). Mini, therefore, ends up getting away with murder, and inherits her mother's fortune. The film ends with Mini giving a valedictorian speech, even though she is a C student; the school gave her straight A's out of sympathy for her mother's death. She offers advice to the graduating class about how to live a good life, that perversely alludes to her crimes without making her look too suspicious. The detective is present at the speech, clearly still suspicious of Mini, but knowing that he will probably never be able to prove that she was guilty of murdering her mother."
Crooklyn	1	In 1973, nine-year-old Troy Carmichael and her brothers Clinton, Wendell, Nate, and Joseph live in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. The children live with their parents, Woody, a struggling musician, and Carolyn, a schoolteacher.The neighborhood is filled with colorful characters. The Carmichaels' next-door neighbor, Tony Eyes, continuously sings. Snuffy and Right Hand Man are glue sniffers. Vic Powell is a war vet who lives upstairs from the Carmichaels.One day, the Carmichael children get into a dispute with Tony who alleges that they are always throwing trash into his area. The argument escalates when Carolyn and several neighborhood children get involved. Tony is still yelling when Vic comes downstairs. Vic then punches Tony in the face. Troy, who has sneaked out to the corner store, sees Vic getting arrested as she leaves the store.One night, Woody and Carolyn argue about money; Carolyn resents Woody because he is not appreciating their financial situation and uses their money carelessly to fund his solo career. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells for the children to turn off the television. Carolyn later turns off the TV.Clinton turns it back on. Carolyn grabs him for disobeying her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Woody carries Carolyn out of the room and down the stairs and Nate jumps on Woody's back. The other children hold Carolyn and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle.Carolyn kicks Woody out of the house. Woody brings flowers to Carolyn and the two reconcile. The family then decides to go on a trip. As they are leaving, a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity due to an unpaid bill. The trip is postponed and the family has to use candles for light.A few days later, Nate and Troy travel to the South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin, Viola (Patriece Nelson), who was adopted by Uncle Clem and Aunt Song. Troy has fun with Viola despite a dislike of her snobby Aunt Song and her dog, Queenie. On Troy's tenth birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home.When Troy returns to New York, she is picked up at the airport by Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown. Troy later learns her mother is in the hospital and is taken to see her.Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that their mother has cancer and must stay in the hospital. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic.In the next scene, one of Troy's brothers wonder if they have to dress up for their mother's funeral. The day of the funeral, Troy is approached by her Aunt Maxine who tries to coax her into trying on the new clothes she's brought telling her it would make Carolyn proud. Troy calmly explains that her mother hates polyester and would never let her wear it then announces to Woody that she is not going to the funeral. Woody explains that Carolyn would want them all together at church.At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man robbed him. Following her mother's wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy, telling him to go sniff glue on his own block.Early the next morning, Troy dreams she's hearing her mother's voice. She goes downstairs to see her father trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Woody then tells her that its all right to cry, saying that even Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that its good that her mother is no longer suffering.In the epilogue, the Carmichael family and their friends carry on with their lives as the summer draws to a close. Troy assumes the matriarch role that Carolyn left behind. Carolyn's spirit praises Troy for taking on such responsibilities.
The Smart Set	0	A self-centered polo player (Haines) has to redeem himself after he is kicked off the U.S. team.
Striptease	1	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant (Demi Moore), loses custody of her young daughter Angela (Rumer Willis) to her ex-husband Darrell (Robert Patrick), who is a criminal and cost Erin her job. To afford an appeal to get her daughter back, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a strip club in Miami.A Congressman named David Dilbeck (Burt Reynolds) visits the club and becomes infatuated with Erin. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the congressman to settle the custody battle and help her get Angela back. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from Darrell's negligent care.Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter. However, Erin and a police officer Al Garcia (Armand Assante) begin to suspect the congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, quits stripping, and gets back her job in the FBI. Darrell returns to prison after he is convicted of his crimes.
Madonna of the Seven Moons	0	A buried trauma from the past holds the key to the disappearance of a respectable married woman. Maddalena has a dual personality which leads her to forsake her husband and daughter, to flee to the house of the Seven Moons in Florence as the mistress of a jewel thief.[5]
Panama Sal	1	Three wealthy American playboys and pals fly to South America for a final fling before one of them, Dennis, is to be married. His fiancee Patricia uses the time to fly to France to have a wedding dress designed by Henri Moray.The plane runs out of fuel, making a forced landing in the wilds of Panama. There the three men have a chance encounter with a singer, beautiful Sal Regan, who immediately catches Dennis's rapt attention. Claiming to be a music producer, Dennis invites her to return to Los Angeles with him. Although this upsets Manuel Ortego, a jealous man who loves her, Sal decides to settle the matter on the flip of a coin. Dennis wins.Ensconced in a Beverly Hills apartment, Sal enjoys the trip until Dennis tries to remake her entire image, including wardrobe and makeup, toning it down. A nightclub singing date is arranged and the news makes it abroad to Patricia, who angrily begins a romantic fling with Moray.Ortego travels to California to demand Sal return to Panama and to confront Dennis, who proposes another wager, that he be given two weeks to make her a star. Patricia also turns up and announces herself to be about to marry Dennis, just to annoy Sal. In the end, though, Sal's debut musical performance is a sensation, and she and Dennis end up in love.
The Great Commandment	1	"The film takes place in 30 A.D. Judea in a fictional village near Jerusalem. The protagonist is Joel, the elder son of the village rabbi Lamech. Lamech wants Joel to follow in his footsteps as a scribe and rabbi, but Joel is secretly a zealot leader, believing that more must be done to help his nation than studying the Scriptures. He is also secretly in love with Tamar, the daughter of the carpet merchant Jemuel, and he overhears his father and Jemuel arranging a marriage between Tamar and one of Lamech's sons. Unfortunately for Joel it turns out to be his younger brother Zadok, an impetuous zealot, whom Joel has to protect from his own recklessness. A crisis is brought about by the arrival of a troop of soldiers led by a centurion, Longinus, who issues the demand for a special tax to be collected by a tax collector traveling with them. Zadok and other zealots organize the release of prisoners taken by the soldiers, which moves Longinus to plan a massacre of the men of the village. Zadok wants to attack the Romans right away, but Joel feels that a larger resistance is needed through someone reputed to be the coming Messiah of the Jewish people, Jesus Christ. Joel runs afoul of his father in declaring his love for Tamar, whom his father wants wedded to Zadok, and in revealing that he is a zealot leader.With the sword of the zealots entrusted to him, Joel goes out to find Jesus in order to enlist His leadership of their cause. [Jesus is not presented directly in this film, but only as a reflection in water, as the glow of light on His listeners, and by way of the voice of Irving Pichel, the director.] Joel meets Jesus' disciples, Andrew and Judas Iscariot, who have two different ideas about Jesus' mission. Judas, like the zealots, thinks that Jesus should be a military and political leader who would lead his people against the Romans. Joel confronts Jesus with the sword of the zealots, and Jesus declines his invitation with the words of Matthew 26:52 ""all who take up the sword will perish by the sword.""Joel disappointedly returns to his village just in time for the wedding feast of his brother Zadok and his beloved Tamar. He comes up with the idea that he and the zealots would kidnap Jesus and force His hand to support them. This is forestalled by Jesus' appearance at the village gate where Joel's father is presented as the scribe who asks Jesus, ""What is the greatest commandment in the Law? (Luke 10:25-37). Jesus replies with His Parable of the Good Samaritan. Jesus' exhortation at the end to, ""Go and do thou likewise"", moves Joel to abandon his plan to kidnap Jesus.Zadok is told by Nathan the innkeeper that Longinus is vulnerably asleep at his inn, and he gives up going to his bridal bed in order to kill Longinus. Nathan calls Joel and Lamech to the inn because Longinus repulsed Zadok's attack by killing him. The effect of Jesus' words on Joel moves him to keep from killing the unconscious Longinus and standing as a buffer between him and the men of the village, who are thirsting for his blood. When they ask Joel why he is protecting Longinus, he replies that he too is his brother.Longinus sends word for his soldiers to meet him at the inn, and he has the soldiers arrest Joel and take him to prison in Jerusalem. In prison Joel misses the Passion of Jesus. Tamar is allowed to visit him. They are met by Longinus, who tells Joel that he had him arrested for his own protection from the village mob. He tells him of another wonder: he was a witness of Jesus' crucifixion, and he was the soldier who thrust the spear in His side to make sure He was dead. Longinus throws down the spear, and he, Joel, and Tamar return to the village to witness their Christian faith."
Across the Tracks	1	Across the Tracks is the story of two brothers who have gone very different ways in their past, and who now must learn to deal with each other again. Joe (Brad Pitt) is the older of the two. He is a good student and runner set on winning a track scholarship to Stanford University. Billy (Rick Schroder), on the other hand, is a delinquent involved in drugs and crime. As the story begins, he has just been released from reform school after serving time for a failed attempt at car theft. While Billy tries to make amends for his past life, it is not an easy task. Joe still holds a lot of resentment for what Billy has put their widowed mother (Carrie Snodgress) through, and feels that Billy's return is an unnecessary strain on their family.Forced to attend another high school on the other side of town, Billy tries to stay out of trouble, but his old rivals force him into a fight on his first day, which gets him into trouble with the school authorities. Billy's friend Louie (David Anthony Marshall), a highly alluring drug dealer who was also involved in the car theft that got Billy sent to reform school, wants him to return to his life as a criminal. It seems that only Billy and Joe's mother believes that Billy can become a valuable member of society and offers Billy full support.Joe mockingly suggests to Billy that he try out for his school track team, figuring that nothing will come of it. Nevertheless, Billy asks the coach at his school for a tryout even though the track season is two months old and only two months remain until the county meet. Billy hardly looks like a track star in his black high top Chucks and greased back long hair, but the coach gives him a tryout due to his brother's reputation as one of the best runners in the county, during the tryout he demonstrates surprising speed, running an 800m race at 2:04. (Joe's best time in that event is 1:57 and that is with four years of running.) Impressed, the coach immediately puts Billy on the team. Joe is very much impressed by this, and the two start to bond, especially after Joe goes out and buys him a special pair of track shoes as a gift.Billy's speed soon makes him a contender for the county record for the 800m event (at 1:55.25). Since Billy attends a rival school to Joe's, they compete in a head to head meet as a prelude to the championship and Billy defeats Joe. The brothers are then scheduled to compete in the championship meet which will help determine whether or not Joe receives that scholarship to Stanford. With the pressure on Joe to prove that he is the best runner in the county, Joe has trouble handling the competition. The outcome of this dilemma and the determination of Billy's low-life friends to get some revenge for Billy's abandoning them for the straight life come together as the two brothers attempt to overcome the adversity caused by these outside influences and solidify their relationship with each other. Joe ends up shattering the record thanks to Billy holding back in the final leg of the race, letting Joe win and coming in a close second.
Ala Modalaindi	2	The film begins with an accident. Gautham (Nani) is abducted by John Abraham (Ashish Vidyarthi). On the way, Gautham is forced to narrate his tale as he talks of stopping a marriage and John too talks of preventing a wedding. Hence, the flashback. Gautham is ready to propose to Simran (Kriti Kharbanda) with a bunch of red roses, but destiny has other plans. Elsewhere, Nithya (Nithya Menen) is playing cricket and hits Gautham with her shot. He is then taken to the hospital in the stretcher. Simran falls in love with the doctor treating Gautham and they get married eventually. Gautham is invited and goes to the wedding but cannot face Simran. When he walks out, he gets drunk and meets a drunk Nithya who actually was in love with the doctor. They go around freaking during the night and part ways the next day. As destiny has it, they happen to meet in a pub after a few days. Gautham accompanies her everywhere. He realises he's in love with her, but before he could tell her, he finds out that she is already engaged. Gautham steps back and stays secluded. Nithya and her fiance end their engagement over an argument about Gautham. Unaware of this and having moved on, Gautham starts dating a veterinary doctor, Kavya (Sneha Ullal), but they break up after an altercation. Nithya realizes that she loves Gautam and goes to his house after his mother dies, to propose to him, but is shocked to see Kavya in his house. Thinking that they both are married, she leaves to Bangalore and accepts the marriage proposal her parents set for her. After realizing Nithya misunderstood him, Gautham and his friends leave for Bangalore to stop the marriage. On the way to Bangalore, their car stops and Gautam asks for a lift and they accept and that is where he was kidnapped. After a big fight between Gautam and the kidnapper, it is revealed that the kidnapper was looking for the one who gave Gautam a lift not Gautam. The kidnapper helps Gautam to reach the wedding. Gautam's friends reveal the truth to Nithya. In order to meet Gautham, Nithya escapes from the wedding and ends up asking the kidnapper for a lift. After a whole confusion, Nithya unites with Gautham.
Megamind	1	"Ever since they arrived on Earth as infants, supervillain Megamind has fought superhero Metro Man for dominance of Metro City. In his latest plan, Megamind and his sidekick Minion kidnap reporter Roxanne Ritchi and hold her hostage in a copper-lined observatory. When Metro Man arrives to save her, he reveals he is weak to copper, and Megamind obliterates him with a death ray. Megamind finally takes control of the city, but his celebration is short-lived as without Metro Man to challenge him, he finds his life has no meaning.While wandering the recently-opened Metro Man Museum, Megamind sees Roxanne nearby, and uses his holographic disguise to take the form of Bernard, the museum's curator, whom he had ""dehydrated"" into a small cube. He talks to Roxanne and becomes attracted to her, and is inspired by one of her statements to create a new superhero for him to fight. Megamind returns to his lair and creates a serum containing Metro Man's DNA which he plans to inject into a proper candidate. However, Roxanne's arrival at his lair with her dimwitted cameraman Hal Stewart causes Megamind to inadvertently inject Hal with the serum. Megamind disguises himself as Hal's ""Space Dad"" and convinces him to become the superhero ""Titan"". Hal spends several days training with his Space Dad before issuing a challenge to fight Megamind.On the day before the fight, Megamind gets into an argument with Minion, and Titan tries and fails to woo Roxanne. Megamind, disguised as Bernard, takes Roxanne on a dinner date. Hal sees them, and as he had been infatuated with Roxanne, becomes upset and leaves. Shortly thereafter, Megamind's disguise fails, revealing his identity to Roxanne, who also storms off. The situation leaves him unable to find his invisible car, where he left an antidote to undo the change to Hal.Hal does not arrive at the scheduled fight, and Megamind finds that he has used his abilities for criminal purposes. As ""Space Dad"", Megamind tries to convince Hal to fight, but his disguise fails, and Hal realizes Megamind has used him and taken Roxanne from him. Hal engages in a super-powered fight with Megamind. Realizing Hal wants to kill him instead of arresting him, Megamind lures Hal into a copper-lined trap, but he is unaffected and continues to fight. Megamind escapes from the battle and seeks out Roxanne, hoping she can help. She offers to take him to Metro Man's secret headquarters, where they are both surprised to find Metro Man alive. Metro Man faked his death and weakness to copper, as he had become tired of being a superhero and wanted to retire to become a music star. He refuses to help, but offers Megamind the advice that a hero will always rise up to challenge evil.Returning to the city, Megamind does not believe he can become the hero the city needs, and allows himself to be locked up in prison. Hal kidnaps Roxanne and demands Megamind show himself or he will kill her. Megamind has a change of heart and pleads with the prison warden, apologizing for his past actions. The warden reveals himself to be Minion in disguise, accepting Megamind's apology, and frees him so they can fight Hal.As Hal is about to kill Roxanne, Megamind appears and frees her. The two escape, but Hal traps Megamind under rubble and threatens to kill him when Metro Man suddenly arrives, and Hal flees. Roxanne discovers that ""Megamind"" is really an injured Minion in disguise, while ""Metro Man"" is Megamind. Hal, in his flight, recognizes Megamind's distinctive mispronunciations, and realizes he was duped. Hal flies back and fights Megamind, during which Megamind finds his invisible car. He grabs the antidote and is able to inject it into Hal, restoring him to normal. Now hailed as heroes, Megamind and Minion appear at the reopening of Metro Man's museum, now dedicated to Megamind instead, while Metro Man, in disguise within the crowd, silently congratulates his former rival.In a mid-credits scene Minion is doing the laundry when a re-hydrated Bernard pops out of the washing machine."
Crimson Romance	2	In 1916, childhood best friends, Bob Wilson (Ben Lyon) and Fred von Bergen (James Bush), are test pilots working for an American company that builds bombers for the European allies. Since he is German-born and faces prejudice against his heritage, Fred loses his job and, unable to find other employment, decides to return to Germany to fight for his homeland. Although he has no special attachment to the German cause, Bob quits the aviation company and joins his friend in Germany.On their way to a German airfield, Red Cross nurse Alida Hoffman (Sari Maritza) accidentally runs Bob and Fred off the road, Both men are immediately drawn to Alida, especially Bob although Fred is more shy. After Bob's first unsuccessful mission, Captain Wolters (Erich von Stroheim), the squadron's tyrannical leader, expresses his doubt about his loyalty but, desperate for pilots, gives him another chance.As the United States is drawn into the war, instead of sending him into a crucial air battle, Wolters arrests Bob. Fred, heartbroken that Alida has chosen Bob, quarrels with his friend, calling him a coward. Later, however, Fred allows his friend to escape from a firing squad and flee to the Allied lines.To prove his allegiance, Bob leads British bombers to the German base, while Fred is told by Wolters that he must shoot down Bob to prove his loyalty. Neither man is capable of killing the other, and, in the end, Fred sacrifices his life for Bob. After the war, Bob returns to Germany to marry Alida. The newly married couple then returns to the United States, and pay their respects to Fred's mother.
Angels Over Broadway	1	Bill O'Brien is a New York con man in search of a suitable gullible person to make some money on. In a fancy nightclub he finds Charles Engle, a man ridden by guilt and on the brink of committing suicide after embezzling a large sum of money that he has spent on his high-maintenance wife.Charles has the appearance of a common hillbilly from out of town visiting the city and Bill decides to scam him for his money. Bill is unaware that the desperate Charles only has until 6 am to pay back the money he has embezzled before the crime is discovered.One of the showgirls at the club, Nina Barona, is persuaded by Bill to help trick Charles into entering a poker game to win back the money. The game is arranged by a gangster named Dutch Enright.Another disillusioned man at the club, playwright Gene Gibbons, learns about Charles's misfortune from the suicide note he discovers in his coat, and wants to write the man a story with a happier ending.He tries to get a valuable brooch from his ex-girlfriend, to give to Charles so that he can get the money, but his plan fails because the brooch is a cheap copy. Instead he overhears Bill telling of his poker scam against Charles, and persuades Bill to change the plan so that Charles wins the first rounds and is allowed to escape from the game after that. A deal is made, that Bill gets whatever Charles wins over the $3,000 he needs to pay the money back.However, Gene passes out while waiting for the game to start, and when he wakes up he does not remember the deal he made with Bill, but goes home to his wife. Bill discovers that Gene is gone, and Dutch finds out about Charles's planned escape, and tries to stop him. Nina convinces Bill to do the right thing and help fend off Dutch's men when they try to get Charles and the money back.Bill is changed by his discovery that behaving honorably has a positive effect on him; he falls in love with Nina, who returns his feelings. Thus they get a happy ending of their own.[2]
 Never Back Down	2	"Jake Tyler (Sean Faris) has recently moved from Iowa to Orlando, Florida with his mother, Margret (Leslie Hope), and younger brother, Charlie (Wyatt Smith), to support Charlie's shot at a professional tennis career. Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home, but in this new city, he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered brawler after an internet video of him starting a fight at one of his football games after a frustrated player from the opposing team taunted Jake about his father, who died in a drunk driving accident, circulates around his new school.Making an attempt to fit in, at the invitation of a flirtatious classmate, Baja Miller (Amber Heard), Jake goes to a party where he is unwillingly pulled into a fight with the fighting MMA champion at the school, Ryan McCarthy (Cam Gigandet). Originally, Jake does not wish to fight until Ryan taunts him about his father who died while driving drunk with Jake in the car. Jake is brutally defeated in the fight, causing Jake to feel depressed. But a classmate, Max Cooperman (Evan Peters), who later becomes one of his best friends, introduces himself to Jake and tells him about the sport known as Mixed Martial Arts. He sees a star in Jake and asks that he meet with Martial Arts Master Jean Roqua (Djimon Hounsou). It is immediately apparent to Jake that MMA is not street fighting, but rather an art form he wants to master. Roqua agrees to take Jake as a pupil, but under the condition that Jake refrains from fighting outside of the gym which Jake agrees to, despite knowing he wishes to confront Ryan anyway. Baja attempts to apologize to Jake, but he does not sympathize with her and refuses to forgive her. Baja then confronts Ryan about the fight with Jake and proceeds to end their relationship when Ryan shows no remorse for the beating he gave him or his sadistic tendencies. Ryan begins to create a scene before the entire school but Jake tries to step in to defend Baja. After Ryan insults him again and leaves, Jake attends training with Roqua. Still angry about the incident, he is unable to calm down and train effectively. Roqua asks Jake to leave so that he could ""cool off"".After he and Max leave the gym, Jake gets into a brawl with a group of guys in a Hummer whom Jake easily disposes of while Max films. This video again circulates around the school raising Jake's social status but agitating Ryan in the process. Ryan then proceeds to challenge Jake to compete in the Beatdown, an underground fighting tournament of which Ryan is the reigning champion. After having been banished from the gym by Roqua after his fight is discovered, Jake begs for forgiveness saying his anger is quelled when he is training with Roqua. Roqua agrees to allow Jake to train at his gym again, but does not take it easy on him anymore. He then prepares to compete in the Beatdown. While training with Roqua, Jake inquires why he lives in the gym. Jake discovers that Roqua is from Brazil and he is in exile because he believes he is the reason his brother, Joseph the favorite son, was killed and his father had disowned him for. Jake apologizes to Baja for not listening when she first apologized and the two proceed to begin a relationship.Upon hearing that Jake has decided not to compete in the Beatdown, Ryan invites Max to hang out at his house; there he begins to spar with Max before brutally assaulting him and leaving him at Jake's door. Jake and Baja take Max to the hospital where Jake decides to fight. Despite Baja's pleas against his decision, he states that doing nothing has consequences. Before he goes to the tournament, he has a brief argument with Roqua about his decision to fight. Roqua eventually assents and tells him to ""control the outcome"" of the fight. Jake arrives at the tournament where it is about to begin. After a mix-up where Jake and Ryan almost fight in the first round, they both proceed to make their way through each fight. Jake makes it to the semifinals in spite of an injury he received in the previous match due to a kick to the ribs. While Jake is recovering after the match, Baja sees him and tells him that she finally understands that Jake is fighting ""so [he doesn't] have to fight again"". After learning that Ryan was disqualified in his semifinal match, Jake forfeits, seeing no reason to continue. While he and Baja attempt to leave, Ryan confronts him and the two finally fight outside in the parking lot. Jake is still limited by his ribs, and Ryan at first gains the upper hand, applying a choke on Jake. However Jake escapes and, with the entire crowd watching, knocks out Ryan using one of the first combinations Roqua taught him.The next day, a visibly injured Max has been released from the hospital. Jake has won the respect of his fellow students, including Ryan, and Roqua closes the gym with a ticket to Brazil, signaling his intention to reconcile with his father."
The Bone Collector	2	The film begins in late 1999. Tetraplegic forensics expert Lincoln Rhyme and a patrol cop, Amelia Donaghy, team up to solve a string of murders connected to a serial killer by his signature: a single shard of bone removed from each of the victims. Rhyme was paralyzed from the neck down in an earlier accident and is bed-bound and completely reliant on machines and his nurse Thelma.The killer poses as a New York City taxi driver and abducts and kills those who get in his taxi. The first victims are a married couple named Alan and Lindsay Rubin that the killer picked up at the airport. Amelia finds Alan's body buried in a Civil War-era railroad bed. She also finds a collection of clues including a pile of piece-ground oyster shells, which eventually leads Amelia—now working with Rhyme—to Alan's wife, and a scrap of paper. The detectives find Mrs. Rubin, too late, at a steam junction in a below-ground services area of a building in the Financial District, secured using old antique handcuffs or shackles at the mouth of a pipe which emits steam. She has been scalded to death from the steam. The killer has also removed a bit of flesh and bone from her arm. Amelia finds another scrap of paper at the scene.The killer then abducts a New York University student, who is taken to a derelict slaughterhouse where he is tied to a pole. Part of his thigh bone is surgically removed, and he is left for rats to feed on. Amelia and Rhyme, using the clues left by the killer at the scene of Lindsay Rubin's death, find the victim dead. Again, the killer has removed a piece of the victim's bone. Amelia is able to collect the evidence, including another scrap of paper. The pressure of the tense investigation and bureaucratic challenges to both Amelia's and Rhyme's involvement with the case are having serious impacts on Rhyme's health and stability.After piecing together the message the killer was sending using the scraps of paper, Amelia and Rhyme are led to an old crime novel, whose crimes the killer was replicating. This leads them to his next victims, a grandfather and granddaughter tied to a pier as the tide rises. The girl is the first victim they manage to save, but her grandfather dies. At the scene, Amelia finds another bone, part of an old police badge, and an old subway map. These clues, and some asbestos left by the killer at the scene of Mrs. Rubin's death, lead Amelia to an abandoned subway station, where she sees some numbers which have been tampered with to spell out Rhyme's police badge number—Amelia realizes that the killer is after Rhyme.The killer arrives at Rhyme's house, and after killing Rhyme's nurse, Thelma, and Captain Howard Cheney, it is revealed that he is the medical technician who cares for Rhyme's medical equipment, Richard Thompson. Richard's real name is Marcus Andrews, and he's a former forensics expert who worked in Syracuse.About 8 years ago, Rhyme wrote an article accusing Marcus of planting evidence and sending six innocent people to prison, and one of those people hanged himself.Marcus spent six years in prison, and after getting released, he spent two years trying to find Rhyme. Marcus was often attacked or raped in the prison, and he wants Rhyme to pay for what the article put him through.Rhyme manages to crush Marcus's right hand by suddenly dropping his bed horizontally, and in the struggle to free himself, Marcus pulls Rhyme with him and they both collapse to the floor. Rhyme then manages to bite Marcus in the neck, causing massive bleeding. Marcus once again manages to free himself, grabbing his knife. As Marcus raises the knife for a killing blow, Amelia suddenly arrives at the apartment and shoots Marcus dead.The film ends at a Christmas celebration at Rhyme's apartment. Rhyme, having given up his plans to commit suicide, faces his sister and niece coming to visit him along with Amelia and his other colleagues on Christmas Eve. It is implied that Rhyme and Amelia have a relationship.
Emma	0	Inventor Frederick Smith's wife dies during the birth of their fourth baby, Ronnie, leaving the family in the care of their faithful housekeeper Emma. Twenty years later, after Smith's inventions have made the family rich, the affable Ronnie, who is Emma's favorite, arrives home from college, announcing that he wants to quit school and become a pilot. The other Smith children, Bill, Gypsy and Isabelle, have all grown into spoiled adults, but Emma lovingly indulges them all, making excuses for their bad behavior to their father and everyone else.As Emma leaves for her first vacation in thirty-two years with the family, the absent-minded Frederick sadly takes her to the station. She gets cold feet and decides to stay home, but Frederick won't let her and decides to go along with her to Niagara Falls. Waiting for their train, Frederick proposes and Emma accepts, even though she is afraid that people will talk. When the children learn about the marriage, Ronnie is happy for them, but the other children are embarrassed by the blot on their social record. On their honeymoon, as the happy Frederick and Emma row on the lake, they are teased by some young vacationers, prompting Frederick to take the oars from Emma. The exertion causes a mild heart attack and they return home. As the contented Frederick listens to Emma sing to him, he dies, and a short time later, the family learns that he has left his entire estate to Emma.Though Emma wants to give the money back to the children, all of them except Ronnie turn on her and threaten to prove that their father was crazy when he wrote the will. Emma throws them out and awaits the lawsuit they threaten while the loyal Ronnie goes to Canada for a flying assignment. Because the will cannot be broken, the children go to the district attorney to have him bring murder charges against Emma, using distorted testimony by Mathilda, the maid. When Ronnie hears about the trial, he desperately flies East to help Emma but is killed while flying through a dangerous storm.Even though her life is in peril, she won't allow her kind attorney, Haskins, to defame the character or motives of the children. Her emotional plea for them in court results in her acquittal, but Emma's relief is ruined when she learns of Ronnie's death. A short time later, Emma gives all of the money to the children, telling Haskins that she hopes that now they will think better of her. After she sadly views Ronnie's body, Isabell, Bill and Gypsy beg her forgiveness and want her to stay with them, but she refuses, saying that her work with them is finished, but no matter what happens or where they all are, they will still belong to each other.At a new position, Emma happily attends a doctor's large family and is pleased when the wife agrees to name her new baby Ronnie at Emma's request.
The Opening of Misty Beethoven	1	"In an adult erotic take-off of George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion (and its derivative My Fair Lady), the film is about a sexologist who tries transforming a low-skilled prostitute into a goddess of passion. While he tries to prepare her to seduce a gay male artist (Casey Donovan), it is he for whom she develops feelings. In this film, Henry Higgins (of Pygmalion) is replaced by Dr. Seymour Love, the sexologist, played by Jamie Gillis.[4] Eliza Doolittle (of Pygmalion) becomes Dolores ""Misty"" Beethoven, who is played by Constance Money,[4] and Colonel Pickering becomes Geraldine Rich, played by Jacqueline Beudant. During the film, Misty achieves ""elevation"" better than Love and Rich had hoped and then cuts them off, as in George Bernard Shaw's play. However, this film then sees Misty return, take over for Dr. Love, and run the ""school"". Dr. Love is present but in a very subservient position. It is clearly Misty that is in charge by this time."
Morning Departure	0	The British submarine, HMS Trojan is out on a routine exercise to test its new snorkel mast. She encounters an unrecovered Second World War magnetic mine. When she dives the mine is set off, and blows off the bows of the submarine. The after section floods from the displaced snorkel mast, killing the 53 crew-members in the bow and stern sections. She settles to the bottom leaving twelve crew members alive amidships, saved by the watertight doors which have been closed by order of the captain when he realises the imminent danger.When the shore base becomes aware that Trojan is overdue, surface rescue vessels are sent out to investigate. The captain of the submarine, Lieutenant Commander Peter Armstrong (John Mills), sensibly provides an indication of their position to these vessels by expelling a quantity of oil which rises to the surface. Following standard escape procedure, a diver is sent down with an air line while everyone prepares for the rescue. Armstrong selects the first four for release; they escape safely without incident, and are picked up on the surface. The eight remaining crew assume there are plenty of breathing sets for them all to escape successfully. However, the captain discovers that all but four have been destroyed in the blast. This means the final four will have to remain under water until a full salvage operation can be carried out, which may take a week or more.Armstrong assembles the others to draw lots through a pack of cards he deals out, to decide who goes and who remains. Two, the cook A/B Higgins (James Hayter) and the first lieutenant, Lieutenant Manson (Nigel Patrick), with the lowest cards, select themselves to stay behind along with Armstrong. The top three, to go first, also select themselves with high cards. Of the other two, there is a tie, both knaves, between Stoker Snipe (Richard Attenborough) and E.R.A. Marks (George Cole). On losing a re-deal, young Snipe goes berserk with fear and has to be physically restrained. Armstrong approaches Marks and asks if he will forfeit his place for Snipe, sensing difficulties if Snipe is left behind. Marks agrees.They begin to prepare for escape, but Snipe now hangs back, falsely claiming he has hurt his arm in the scuffle. He insists that Marks should go. Marks and the other three escape safely through the hatch and are picked up by the salvage vessels. Below, Manson has a fainting fit, which he says is a result of having previously suffered from malaria, but Snipe catches him using both arms without difficulty. Cheerfully at first, the four begin the wait for the salvage operation.Above, all goes well to begin with, in fine weather. Divers manage to secure cables under the submarine, which is slowly winched up, but only fifteen feet per day can be achieved. However, as the days go by, the weather turns, and soon there is a full storm at sea. As a result, the submarine shifts on the cables, and sinks again to the floor of the sea. Manson has remained in ill-health below, nursed with care by Snipe. However, chlorine begins to leak from a site next to his bunk. Manson is overcome by the gas, and dies.The storm is so bad that the captain of the salvage ship decides his own men are at risk, and abandons the salvage operation altogether. The three left in the submarine sense that there is no hope for them. The film ends with Armstrong reading from a naval prayer book.From early scenes in the film, and from dialogue throughout, the viewer is given insights into the personal and home lives of the crew, their hopes, and their now thwarted ambitions. For example, Snipe is married to a wayward wife, whom he idolises; whilst Armstrong has been offered a lucrative shore job by his wealthy father-in-law, and had been planning to leave the Navy to take it up as soon as this patrol was over.
Maa	1	"Ram Khanna is a wealthy industrialist with a trusting soul. Unknown to him, his elder brother Murli Manohar and his sister-in-law Maya are after his money. Their greed gets the better of them and they make an astrologer lie to him that a woman whose name starts with letter ""M"" will enter his life. As luck would have it, Ram spots a dancer named Mamta and is instantly smitten by her. What Ram doesn't know is that Mamta is the daughter of Heerabai, a prostitute. Ram learns Mamta's truth, but is also convinced that Mamta's roots do not make her a bad person. Ram decides to marry Mamta, much to the chagrin of Murli and Maya. Ram weds Mamta and brings her home, where she slowly realizes the true nature of Murli and Maya, upon which Mamta takes control of Ram's life to thwart the duo. Later, Mamta gives birth to a baby boy, which makes the villains even more desperate.One day, Ram gives Mamta a suitcase full of cash before leaving the town. Taking advantage of the situation, Murli and Maya hire a goon named Gullu Goli to kill Mamta. Gullu sees that Mamta and her son Munna are alone in the home. He tricks her out of the house and traps her. After brutally killing Mamta, Gullu hides her body in a secret location and steals the money. However, Mamta's ghost comes back, bent on revenge. Mamta soon finds out that Murli and Maya have taken control back in their hands. Everybody believes that Mamta fled with the money, abandoning her son and husband. Ram is unable to believe that Mamta could do this and drowns his sorrow in alcohol. Mamta is disheartened to see that Munna is the one who is suffering most. Only Dobby, the pet dog, is able to see Mamta, who is powerless. Despite being powerless, Mamta tries to do what she can.One day Gullu Goli comes to Mamta's house. Mamta knows true nature of Murli and Maya. Gullu Goli creates the idea that they must kill Munna by soaking him in the sun. While Mamta sends Dobby to save Munna, Dobby breaks out of an iron gate that he was caged in and saves Munna. Mamta tells Dobby the truth of Murli and Maya's evil idea. Dobby then goes to attack Murli and Maya. One day Murli tells Ram to go to Puna with Mona, Ram agrees and goes with Mona. Murli plans to kill Munna by starving him for 12 hours. Mamta's ghost wants to touch him, but she is unable. As Munna cries from hunger, Mamta goes to Mandia, where she is blessed with the power to touch everything and then saves Munna. Murli and Maya realize that Mamta's ghost is here. With the help of a Kaapalik (black magic practitioner), they trap Mamta. Happy that they are finally about to get what they sought out to get, the villains unwittingly spill all the beans in front of Ram and Mona. Now, it is revealed that Mona is actually an undercover cop brought to investigate the case. Mona explains that Mamta's sudden disappearance was found suspicious, which is why Mona went undercover and forged the friendship with the villains. It is also explained that Mona had already explained this to Ram, who was playing along. An enraged Ram attacks Murli, but the villains take him, Mona and Munna as prisoners. Ram is forced to sign over his property to Murli and Maya or Munna will be killed.Here, Mamta is helplessly watching the drama, unable to escape the trap set by the Kapalik. She makes the Kapalik realize what he is doing. The Kapalik sets her free and grants her power to avenge the wrongs. Here, the villains are about to kill Ram, Mona, and Munna, when Mamta appears and stops them. Realizing what has happened, the goons try to flee, but Mamta takes her revenge. Ram, who is still unable to see her, tries to talk to her. The Kapalik arrives on the scene and gives Ram the ability to see Mamta. Ram is happy to see her if only for one last time. He proclaims his love for her. Mamta too tells him that she knows everything and tells him to take care of Munna. With her purpose achieved, Mamta's soul is finally set free and she vanishes."
They Won't Forget	0	"A southern town is rocked by scandal when teenager Mary Clay is murdered on Confederate Memorial Day. A district attorney with political ambitions, Andrew Griffin, sees the crime as way to the Senate if he can find the right scapegoat to be tried for the crime. He seeks out Robert Hale, Mary's teacher at the business school where she was killed. Even though all evidence against Hale is circumstantial, Hale happens to be from New York (Leo Frank was a Southerner from Texas, but he was Jewish and had been raised in New York), and Griffin works with reporter William Brock to create a media frenzy of prejudice and hatred against the teacher. The issue moves from innocence or guilt to the continuing bigotry and suspicion between South and North, especially given the significance of the day of the murder.The film shows the immense pressures brought to bear on members of the community to help in the conviction - the black janitor who is induced to lie on the stand for fear he himself will be convicted if Hale is found innocent; the juror who is the sole holdout to a guilty verdict; and the barber who is afraid to testify to something he knows because it could exonerate Hale. Michael Gleason, Hale's lawyer, does his best, but Hale is convicted and sentenced to death.The governor of the state, with the support of his wife, decides to commit political suicide by commuting Hale's death sentence to life imprisonment because the evidence is simply insufficient to send a man to his death. The townsfolk are enraged, and the murdered girl's brothers, who have been threatening all along to take matters into their own hands if Hale is not executed, plot and carry out Hale's abduction and lynching with the help of a vengeful mob.Afterward, Hale's widow goes to Griffin's office to return a check he had sent her to help her out, telling him he cannot soothe his conscience that way. As he and Brock watch her leave the building, Brock wonders if Hale was guilty. Griffin replies without much concern, ""I wonder.""[1]"
Daniel Boone	0	Boone's daughter befriends an Indian maiden as Boone and his companion start out on a hunting expedition. While he is away, Boone's cabin is attacked by the Indians, who set it on fire and abduct Boone's daughter. Boone returns, swears vengeance, then heads out on the trail to the Indian camp. His daughter escapes but is chased. The Indians encounter Boone, which sets off a huge fight on the edge of a cliff. A burning arrow gets shot into the Indian camp. Boone gets tied to the stake and tortured. The burning arrow sets the Indian camp on fire, causing panic. Boone is rescued by his horse, and Boone has a knife fight in which he kills the Indian chief.[2]
Dim Sum: A Little Bit of Heart	0	A Chinese immigrant widow faces the New Year with apprehension after it was foretold that it would be the year she would die. All of the things she wants to do before she dies come into focus, including seeing her daughter married and visiting China one last time to pay her respects.[1][not in citation given]
The Yearling	0	"Ezra ""Penny"" Baxter, once a Confederate soldier, and his wife Ora, are pioneer farmers near Lake George, Florida in 1878. Their son, Jody, a boy in his pre-teen years, is their only surviving child. Jody has a wonderful relationship with his warm and loving father. Ora, however, is still haunted by the deaths of the three other children of the family. She is very somber and is afraid that Jody will end up dying if she shows her parental love to him. Jody finds her somewhat unloving and unreasonable.With all of his siblings dead and buried, Jody longs for a pet to play with and care for. Penny is sympathetic and understanding, but Ora is disgusted. One day, when a rattlesnake bites Penny, they kill a doe and use its organs to draw out the venom. Jody asks to adopt the doe's orphaned fawn. Penny permits it but warns Jody that the fawn will have to be set free when it grows up.When Jody goes to ask his only friend, Fodderwing, to name the fawn, Jody finds out that Fodderwing has just died. However, Buck Forrester tells Jody that Fodderwing had said that if he had a fawn he would name him Flag because of its white tail.Soon, Jody and Flag are inseparable. One year later, Flag has grown up and becomes a total nuisance to the household and farm; he eats newly-grown corn, destroys fences, and tramples on tobacco crops. After Penny is injured while trying to clear another field to make up for lost crops, Penny informs Jody that he and his mother have agreed that for Jody to keep Flag he must replant corn and build the fence around the field higher. Jody works hard and even receives help from Ora with the fence. During the night, Flag manages to jump the high fence and destroys the new corn crop. Penny orders Jody to take the deer out into the woods and shoot it. Jody takes the deer out but does not have the heart to kill it. Instead, he orders the deer to go away and never return. But Flag comes back to their property and devours crops again. Ora (whom Jody believes had always hated his pet) shoots Flag with a double-barreled shotgun, discharging one of the barrels but only wounding the deer. Penny orders Jody to put the deer out of its ""torment"". Rather than let his pet deer suffer an agonizing death, he follows his father's orders and kills Flag with the remaining shell.The loss of Jody's beloved pet deer proves too much for him to handle: overwhelmed with anger and despair, he runs away from home. Three days later, he is rescued, unconscious adrift on the river in a canoe, by a friendly boat captain and returns home. He and Penny quickly reconcile, but Ora is still out searching for him. Just before Jody goes to bed, Ora returns and sees that he is back. She becomes filled with happiness and emotion, knowing that her huge fear of losing her last child is now over. She happily runs into Jody's room and showers him with more affection than she ever gave him. She is no longer afraid to show her parental love to him.[5]"
The Cyclops	1	"Test pilot Bruce Barton (Duncan Parkin) is missing and his girlfriend, Susan Winter (Gloria Talbott) organizes a search party, sent out in the jungles of Mexico. The team of scientist Russ Bradford (James Craig), mining expert Martin ""Marty"" Melville (Lon Chaney Jr.) and pilot Lee Brand (Tom Drake) fly into an unknown territory. While searching the area, however, they uncover giant mutated earth animals such as giant snakes, lizards, behemoth bugs and oversized mammals.More importantly, they encounter a mutated 50-ft tall, one-eyed human monster who became disfigured due to an exposure to radioactivity from massive radium deposits in the area. He kills Melville but appears to recognize the girl. When the cyclops tries to prevent the rest of the group from flying to safety, he is gravely wounded, and dies."
The Boudoir Diplomat	0	Ian Keith plays a French military attaché in Madrid who romantically pursues the wives of various government officials. Betty Compson and Mary Duncan play the objects of his attention.
Rudranetra	0	Agent Netra (chiranjeevi), a Casanova works for a Detective agency run by Satyanarayana (Ranganath). He is given a special assignment to track down the underworld activities and their drug dealings of a bigwig in the society, but has another shade as don of the Illegal drug trade. He uses his elder daughter Rekha to experiment all his drugs.Netra reaches a secret place where villains are planning evil and followed by a fight sequence it will be shown that netra died in the fire accident.Another agent Vijayasanthi who is in love with Netra takes up netra's incomplete mission.She lands in that village where netra died but finds yadagiri, a look a like of netra (who is actually Netra himself) as a servant at her guest house. He saves her from drowning when she tries to explore the hidden den under water and unwraps his disguise to reveal how he escaped.Now they both work on the mission. Vijayasanthi's grandma unknowingly misplaces the photos of the sisters hamsa lekha and swarna rekha in the envelopes.Vijayasanthi suggests netra to trap rekha so as to find out the activities but unaware of the photo replacement she gives him a pic of radha instead of rekha.Netra traps radha and she fell in love with netra.Netra and vijayasanthi reach Malaysia trying to reach the roots of the underworld. Don reveals that his elder daughter rekha is not his own daughter and how he used her for his experiments and he kills her. Radha unable to withstand her father's cruelty, tries to shoot her father,but he escapes. Netra and vijayasanthi attack the base of villains and destroy it.Vijayasanthi and Radha become good friends,three of them unite to end the story.
Kothigalu Saar Kothigalu	1	Three friends Romy (Ramesh Aravind), Nani (S. Narayan), Moni (Mohan Shankar), vexed with their wives Urvashi, Premi and Tara decide to take a mass suicide. But they end up saving a businessman (Mukhyamantri Chandru) who was also attempting suicide. These guys help Chandru in straightening his business and earn a good salary to support their families. But they suffer from an after marriage problem. Their wives do not allow them to have sex. Urvasi is highly devotional and spends her days with fasting. Prema is a busy lawyer and she is more dedicated to her work than her family life. Tara is a hotshot TV actress and she is more interesting in making love to the camera than to her husband.At this juncture, Chandru is confronted with another problem. His foreign returned daughters are too fast for him to make them agree for an arranged marriage with the sons of his close pal. These guys throw an idea to Chandru that he should employ three good-looking guys and make his daughters fall in love with them. After that, guys could ditch girls so that they get back to their dad to ask forgiveness and accept his proposal. Lucky asks these three friends to do the roles of lovers in spite of knowing the fact that they are married. These friends attract the girls and when its time to ditch them, they found it too discouraging as they were offered five-star luxuries by the Lucky during that time. So they decide to double cross him by marrying his daughters.However in the end when their wives comes to know about these affairs, they confront Chandru for forcing their husbands. Chandru explains his reasoning of his act as he wanted his daughters to lead a happy life to which they accept, the trio again tries to commit suicide however they are saved by their wives. The trio conducts the marriage of three girls, it is hinted at the end of the movie, however, that the three friends have not completely turned over a new leaf with the entrance of three girls whom they meet at the marriage.
My Brother the Devil	1	"Mo (Fady Elsayed) and Rashid ""Rash"" (James Floyd) are teenage brothers of Egyptian descent living with their parents in Hackney. Elder brother Rash is fiercely protective of Mo, giving him a TV when he does well and encouraging him to stay in school. However Mo begins to want to emulate Rash who works as a low level drug dealer, and is able to use money from his job to pay for small luxuries to make their lives more comfortable.Mo is robbed by rival gang members while trying to do a drop-off for his brother. In retaliation he calls Rash and his friends when he spots the gang members at the corner store near where he lives. The fight between Rash's gang and his rival Demon's gang quickly grows violent and after Demon's dog is stabbed Demon retaliates by stabbing and killing Izzi, Rash's best friend.Rash acquires a gun and plans to shoot Demon in retaliation. He finds Demon at a tattoo parlour but is unable to complete the task after seeing that Demon's little brother is there, wearing the shoes he lifted from Mo. Rash begins to dream of getting out of the gang the way Izzi was planning on doing before he was murdered. He grows close to Sayyid, a French photographer who had been helping Izzi to get legal employment. After he tells Sayyid that he wants to leave the gang Sayyid offers him a job as a photography assistant working with him.Mo begins to grow jealous of Rash and Sayyid's increasing closeness and the respect that Rash has for him. When he is offered the opportunity to join Rash's gang as a dealer he takes it. In the meantime Sayyid kisses Rashid while they are playing around. Initially repulsed at the idea of kissing another man, Rash tries to go back to his old lifestyle. However he finds himself changed and ends up going back to Sayyid and starting a relationship with him. Mo, growing suspicious that Rash is not in fact working, goes to Sayyid's home to spy and sees the two men undressed and realizes what is going on. Angry at his brother, Mo continues to deal drugs and become further entrenched in Rash's old gang. Eventually Rash finds Mo's money and drugs. He confronts his former friends telling them that he will kill Demon in exchange for them allowing Mo to walk away from the drug business and his family to stay safe and unharmed. Upset that Rash has isolated him from his ""family"" Mo ends up telling Rash's former girlfriend Vanessa that Rash is gay. She spreads it around the neighbourhood and Rash's former friends give him the address of a house belonging to Demon which is actually a set up so they can kill Rash. However Rash manages to escape from the house.The day after Rash's escape some of his friends go to Mo and tell him that Rash was hurt killing Demon and is hiding out at Sayyid's place. Mo goes with them but becomes suspicious when he sees plastic gloves, the kind that the gang uses for killings, hanging out of one of the men's pockets. Mo leads his friend to the apartment adjacent to Sayyid's. His friend pulls a gun on the woman who answers the door, and when she screams Rash and Sayyid come running out of his building. Mo ends up taking a bullet for Rash as his former friend gets in the car and runs away.At the hospital Rash is approached by his parents who tell him that Mo will be okay and ask him to forget about Sayyid and come home. Rash refuses.Sometime later when Mo has been released from the hospital he is approached by Rash outside the building where he lives. He and Rash have a brief conversation and he tells Rash that the family is fine and he doesn't need to return. After they hug Rash walks off towards his new life."
The Vagabond King	1	The story takes place in medieval France. King Louis XI (O. P. Heggie), hoping to enlist the French peasants in his upcoming battle against the Burgundians, appoints François Villon (Dennis King) king of France for one day. Despite being successful against the Burgundians, François Villon is sentenced to hang by King Louis XI for writing derogatory verses about him...Jeanette MacDonald is Katherine, the high-born girl whom Villon pines for, while Huguette, a tavern wench (Lillian Roth) gives up her life to save her beloved poet.
The Spy Next Door	0	Bob Ho is a CIA undercover agent who decides to retire after putting Russian terrorist Anton Poldark behind bars and marry his longtime girlfriend Gillian, who lives next door and has three children from previous relationships, Farren (a step-daughter), Ian and Nora. None of them know about his job. One day, Gillian leaves to visit her father in a hospital in Denver, Colorado and leaves Bob to take care of her children, who all despise him and plot to get rid of him. Using some technology from the CIA, Bob is able to get control of them. His partner, Colton James, informs him that Poldark has escaped prison and they suspect there is a mole in the CIA. Colton sends a file to Bob's computer for a top-secret formula for an oil-eating bacteria Poldark is working on. While snooping around Bob's house, Ian downloads the file, which he mistakes for music, onto his iPod. Poldark discovers the download and sends some of his people to Bob's house, but Bob overpowers them.After the attack, Bob and the children hide at a Chinese restaurant, where Poldark's teenage henchman, Larry, tries to kill Bob. Bob defeats him and is forced to tell the children about his job. His boss Glaze then arrives, points a gun at him and demands the downloaded file, revealing himself as the mole working for Poldark. Bob knocks out Glaze with Nora's turtle, then hides in a hotel with the children. He tells Gillian over the phone about his job. Fearing for her children's safety, she flies home to take them and breaks up with him after discovering he is a spy.Bob heads to an abandoned factory to confront the Russian terrorists but finds that Ian, wanting to become a spy, and Farren has run away from home. The trio is captured by the Russians, who force Ian to reveal that the file is on his iPod. As Poldark, his partner Tatiana, and Glaze go to Gillian's house. Bob and the children escape and defeat the remaining terrorists. They then go to Gillian's house and Poldark and his crew arrive soon after. Bob and the terrorists fight, with the children using Bob's secret weapons to defeat some of them. Soon after, Colton and his crew arrive to arrest the Russians and Glaze. Gillian initially rejects Bob, but soon realizes that he is a good man after Nora says she wants him to be her dad and Farren and Ian confess that Bob lied to protect them. Bob and Gillian then get married.
Romeo Is Bleeding	1	"Jack Grimaldi, a corrupt cop who does favors for the Mafia in exchange for large fees, has a loving wife, Natalie, and an adoring mistress, Sheri. He thinks he has it all, until both the cops and mob are outwitted by a psychopathic Russian female mob assassin, Mona Demarkov.Italian crime boss Don Falcone orders Jack to deal with Demarkov. Jack is unable to kill her; she seduces and makes a fool of him. Falcone, disappointed in Jack's ineptitude, orders one of his toes amputated. Realizing he has endangered both his wife and mistress, Jack instructs Natalie to leave the city immediately, giving her all the payoff money he's saved as well as instructions where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack ends his affair with Sheri and puts her on a train out of the city. Jack tries to hunt Demarkov but soon realizes that he is putty in her hands. He is attracted to her sexually and no match for her professionally. Mona forces him to help her bury Falcone alive, then offers to pay Jack to help her fake her own death.Although he obtains phony papers for her, she refuses to pay and attempts to strangle him. He shoots and wounds her in the arm, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an abandoned warehouse. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died. Mona handcuffs Jack to the bed and they have sex.She turns Jack in, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Demarkov at the courthouse, as he is heading in and she is heading out. She threatens to kill his wife. Jack grabs a gun from the ankle holster of a fellow officer and shoots her dead. He turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West, with the new identity of ""Jim Daugherty"". He imagines Natalie's return, but, as Mona told him, Natalie is long gone, never to return. A despondent Jim is resigned to living life alone in a remote desert town."
The Diamond	0	After a gang pulls off a heist to acquire freshly minted dollars, American Treasury Agent Joe Dennison pursues their trail to London. With the assistance of a Scotland Yard detective, he attempts to break a racket involving the production of synthetic diamonds.
Teacher's Pet	2	"Spot is a dog who wants nothing more than to be a boy, a fantasy he has been fulfilling for one year, dressing as a boy named Scott Leadready II, and going to school with his master Leonard Helperman. Leonard is looking forward to spending the summer with his dog, but Spot proudly declares ""I Wanna Be a Boy"". Mary Lou Helperman, the fourth-grade teacher and Leonard's mother, is nominated for a ""Teacher of the Year"" award, and given use of Principal Strickler's Wentawaygo to travel to the finals in Sunny Southern Florida, under the condition that no dogs are allowed in the RV. Leonard sadly bids farewell to Spot (""A Boy Needs a Dog"") as he and his mother depart.Spot, along with the Helpermans' other pets, Pretty Boy and Mr. Jolly, are left with a pet-sitter when Spot accidentally sits on the remote and changes the channel to The Barry Anger Show. Anger's special guest is a ""wacko"" named Dr. Ivan Krank, who claims he can turn animals into human beings, who happens to be located in Sunny Southern Florida. Believing it to be fate, Spot chases down the RV. Spot and Leonard meet up at a gas station. Through many quick costume changes, Spot fools Mrs. Helperman into believing that he is Scott Leadready II and that his family, en route to Sunny Southern Florida, had to return home, but he could still go with the Helpermans. Spot, Leonard, and Mrs. Helperman continue on their way to Florida, singing through all fifty states (""A Whole Bunch of World"").Meanwhile, Pretty Boy and Mr. Jolly, back at home, see another episode of Barry Anger in which Anger reveals that Krank cannot turn animals into people, but rather into terrifying mutant creatures. They decide that they must track down Spot and stop him from being turned into a monster, but Mr. Jolly is afraid to leave the house. Pretty Boy assures him that they can be tough despite their size (""Small But Mighty"")Upon arriving in Florida, Mrs. Helperman goes directly to the Teacher of the Year finals, and Leonard is all ready to play fetch, but Spot has other ideas. He reveals to Leonard the real reason he came to Florida, to become a real boy. Leonard is skeptical, but accompanies Spot to Krank's lab, where Krank has just unsuccessfully tried to turn a frog human. He is ready to destroy his machine when Spot and Leonard show up. Spot tells him that his machine can't work with a frog because it's a lower life form, like his other two creatures, Dennis (an alligator-man) and Adele (a mosquito-girl), and that he needs a mammal, like a dog. Krank agrees to turn Spot human, and gives him a nickel as payment for being his test subject. Krank explains that, throughout his entire life, people have mocked his ideas (""I, Ivan Krank"") and turns the machine on Spot.Spot wakes up to find that he is indeed human—but not a boy as he expected, but rather a fully-grown man (he had forgotten to factor in dog time). Still, he is happy to be human, but the happiness quickly fades when Krank tells him that he will have to travel around with him forever to prove that Krank is not a wacko. Krank locks Leonard and ""Scott"" up, and hope seems lost until Ian, Krank's nephew and Leonard and Spot's classmate, shows up and sets them free. Krank grounds Ian and sends Dennis and Adele off to find his ""dog-man"". Leonard and Scott, meanwhile, are hungry, and Scott's clothes from when he was a dog disguised as a boy do not fit his adult body. They see a sign advertising a $100 reward for a lost dog. Scott uses the Twilight Bark to locate the lost dog, along with her four puppies that had been born while she was lost. This prompts the dog's owner to give them $500, as they brought back five dogs. Now rolling in money, Leonard and Scott enjoy a day on the town.The two lose track of time, but manage to make it back to the Wentawaygo just in time for dinner, forgetting that in place of Scott Leadready II is a stranger who Mrs. Helperman will not recognize. Scott and Leonard quickly make up a story that this new person is Scott Manly-Manning, Scott Leadready II had to go home, and he helped him out. Mrs. Helperman invites Scott in for coffee and soon begins to fall for him. Scott presents an idea to Leonard as to how they can stay together: he will marry Leonard's mother and they'll all be able to live together. Leonard is not okay with this; Scott is his dog, not his dad. Scott tells him he's not his dog anymore. Finally fed up with Scott's stubbornness, Leonard disowns Scott as his Dog and he confiscates Scott's collar and tells Scott to leave him and his mother alone. Scott storms off, leaving everyone else lamenting the loss: Mary Lou of her ""Manly-Manning Man"", Leonard of his dog, Krank of his creation, and Dennis and Adele, along with Pretty Boy and Jolly, search for Spot (""I'm Moving On""). Pretty Boy and Jolly finally make it to Florida, and Leonard tells them the whole story. He comes to the conclusion that the only way he and Scott can be together is for him to go to Krank and have him turn him into a dog. (""A Boy Needs a Dog (Reprise)""). Scott arrives moments after Leonard leaves, and after getting over the shock of seeing Spot as a human, Pretty Boy and Jolly tell him that Leonard has gone to Krank's lab.Krank plans to turn Leonard into a dog and use him as bait to get Scott back, and then he will have both the boy-dog and the dog-man. Scott arrives at the lab just as Leonard is being strapped to the table. Dennis detains Scott, Pretty Boy and Jolly, but they escape by tickling him. Scott unties Leonard and destroys Krank's machine by inserting the nickel that Krank had given him earlier into a slot on the machine marked ""Quarters Only"". The machine starts firing at random, turning Krank into a mouse and seemingly killing Scott, turning him into a pile of blue dust. Leonard angrily beats the machine and it fires at the blue dust and turns Scott back into his original dog form. Leonard and Spot reunite, and Spot decides that he is ""Proud to Be a Dog""."
Ram Rajya	0	Rama returns to Ayodhya after being banished for fourteen years to the forest by his father Dashratha on the say of his second wife Kaikeyi. Rama's wife Sita and his brother Lakshmana had accompanied him in his exile. Sita was kidnapped by Ravan, King of Lanka, a war ensued with the death of Ravan and rescue of Sita. Valmiki in his hermitage has completed his epic Ramayana, and sends a messenger to King Rama asking permission to have it recited to him at his court. Good news arrives that Sita is expecting. However, things are set in motion when a washerwoman comes for justice as her husband throws her out of the house when her virtue is questioned as under unforeseen circumstances she spends the night with a man other than her husband. Things spiral out of control when the washerman and the public of Ayodhya question Sita's virtue following her forced captivity at Lanka. Sita has to go through a test of fire but even then the talk continues and Rama is forced to banish her to the forest. Lakshman takes her there and tells her of Rama’s intention of forsaking her. Appalled she jumps into the Ganga, but is saved by the sage Valmiki. Being pregnant, he reminds her of her duty as a queen and the need for her to provide heirs. She stays in the hutment anonymously and gives birth to twins called Luv and Kusha. Time passes and Rama is miserable with the step he had to take. Sage Vashishta has arranged for a Yagna to be performed by Rama. Valmiki's Ramayana is read by the boys and they sing out the verses. The twins meet are taken by Valmiki to Ayodhya to attend the Yagna. The children are unaware of their lineage. Valmiki makes them recite the story he has written which impresses Rama but he too is unaware of who the boys are. Finally after a short war between father and sons, they are united along with Sita.
Kaazhcha	0	Madhavan (Mammootty), a simple village man who in childhood got bitten by the film bug, threw up his studies and finally ends up as 'Operator' Madhavan, who tours the countryside with his 16 mm projector and shows films at temple festivals and other public functions. Madhavan's family consist of his wife (Padmapriya) and a daughter (Sanusha). (Innocent) enacts the role of a priest. Madhavan comes across a six-year-old boy (Yash) who is displaced from his native Gujarat and separated from his family after the devastating earthquake. This boy was taken into a gang of beggars from where he manages to escape. Madhavan takes the boy home and cares for him, just like a son. He and his Family takes a fondness for the boy, later finding out that legally he cannot adopt the boy. The boy is taken away from Madhavan to a juvenile home and allegations of ill treatment is charged on Madhavan, but soon dismissed. The issue gets media coverage. Madhavan then goes to Gujarat with the boy in hopes of finding his family or adopting him. At the disaster camp in Gujarat Madhavan understands that the boys relatives are all most probably dead but due to legal hurdles, the boy must stay on in the hope that his real parents might be traced. Madhavan dejected has to return to his family in Kerala.
King of the Damned	0	Convict 83 is a prisoner on an island, where the harsh regime of the Governor pushes him to lead a revolt.[1]
The Slipper and the Rose	2	"Prince Edward of Euphrania returns home after meeting the princess Selena of Carolsveld, whom his parents have arranged for him to marry. However, The Prince did not propose to the princess, and angrily denounces arranged marriages (""Why Can't I Be Two People?""). Edward prefers to marry for love while his parents want a political alliance (""What Has Love Got to Do with Being Married?"").Meanwhile, Cinderella's cruel stepmother has banished her to the cellar, and forces her to work as a servant to her and her two vindictive daughters, Isobella and Palatine. Cinderella finds some comfort in remembering happier times (""Once I Was Loved""). Whilst putting flowers by her parents' grave, she inadvertently stumbles upon the prince, and his friend and bodyguard John, who are visiting the Royal crypt. The Prince sardonically talks about his dead ancestors, with whom he will one day be buried (""What a Comforting Thing to Know"").Back at the castle, the King of Euphrania is advised that a marriage between Edward and a Princess from one of Euphrania's neighboring countries (and thus potential enemies) would help prevent war. A ball is seen as the perfect way to help Edward choose his bride (""Protocolligorically Correct""). The Prince hates the idea, though his cousin Montague is delighted (""Bride-finding Ball""). When news arrives that Carolsveld intends to make war on Euphrania, Edward has no choice but to accept. However, fewer than half the princesses accept the invitation, so the local nobility, including Cinderella's stepmother and stepsisters, are invited.Because of the lack of dresses at the dressmakers, the stepmother and stepsisters demand that Cinderella sew all three of them elegant gowns for the ball from the fabric of their old dresses. Cinderella has no idea what to do. As luck would have it a fairy godmother, who has a talent for sensing the wishes of those who are pure in heart, arrives and creates three beautiful gowns while Cinderella rests. That night, the stepmother and stepsisters depart for the ball leaving Cinderella alone. Cinderella's fairy godmother returns and informs Cinderella that she too can go to the ball. She transforms Cinderella's shabby dress into a lovely gown, arranges her hair in the period fashion, and a coach and horses are magically prepared. Cinderella is sent off to the ball with a warning that the magic can only last until midnight (""Suddenly It Happens""). It is love at first sight when Cinderella and Edward meet at the ball (""Secret Kingdom""). As the clock strikes midnight, Cinderella races away, leaving only behind her glass slipper (""He / She Danced With Me"").Edward sends his servants out far and wide in search of the woman who fits the glass slipper. The search turns out empty-handed. Edward builds a monument for the slipper and hopes that one day his lost love will turn up. John is also suffering as a result of love: he is in love with a noblewoman, but his position forbids them to be together (""Position and Positioning""). Edward knights John, so John can pursue his romance with Lady Caroline. Finally, frustrated by his fruitless search, Edward breaks the monument, tossing the slipper into the woods where Cinderella finds and starts to dance with it, which catches John's attention and he rushes off to inform the Prince.Cinderella and Edward are reunited and greeted by her stepmother and stepsisters. Edward asks the permission of the stepmother to marry Cinderella and she gives full permission, if only to get Cinderella off her hands. Cinderella tells her stepmother and stepsisters that she forgives them for their abuse. In the throne room, Edward and Cinderella go before the King and Queen. Whilst the King and Queen find Cinderella to be charming, something seems to be troubling the King. He takes the Lord Chamberlain aside and tells him that there is no way his son and Cinderella, a non-royal, can be married. The Lord Chamberlain conveys this to Cinderella, explaining also that a military alliance through marriage must be established with one of the neighboring kingdoms to protect them against war and to secure the safety and future existence of Euphrania. Along with this disheartening news, it is also explained that she will have to be exiled that very night. Brokenhearted, Cinderella asks the Lord Chamberlain to tell Edward that she never loved him, because she knows that Edward will try to find her because of his love for her (""Tell Him"").Edward, knowing he's fighting a losing battle, agrees to marry whomever the King and Queen choose, but says that his marital duties will go no further than the altar. Cinderella, living peacefully in exile, still thinks of Edward (""I Can't Forget the Melody""). Her fairy godmother arrives and asks Cinderella why she isn't at the castle as Edward is getting married that day. Cinderella, surprised, asks who Edward is marrying. The fairy godmother doesn't know, as it's most certainly the wrong woman, but plans to set things right—again.Back at the castle, as the wedding is taking place, everyone is surprised when Cinderella shows up in a wedding gown. The King interrupts the wedding and he and his council meet in private. The fairy godmother joins the discussion and convinces the king to change the law, so that Edward can marry the girl of his choice. In a surprising twist, Edward's cousin and the chosen bride fall in love at first sight, and marry, thus fulfilling the alliance after all. Cinderella and Edward live happily ever after."
Mama's Affair	2	"As summarized in a film publication,[4] a prologue, which explains where the author got her idea for the story, shows Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. When the serpent tells Eve to bite the apple, Adam takes it away from her. The serpent then tells her to go into hysterics and Adam will give her the apple. Shifting to the modern story, Mrs. Orrin (Effie Shannon), Eve's (Constance Talmadge) mother, goes into hysterics at the thought of losing her daughter. Mrs. Orrin and Mrs. Merchant (Katharine Kaelred), who lives with them, have decided that Eve will marry Mrs. Merchant's son Henry (George LeGuere), an effeminate youngster with rimmed glasses. Fearing her mother's nerves, Eve is willing to marry Henry, so the four of them go to Mama Orrin's birthplace, where the wedding is scheduled to take place on her birthday. During the stay at the hotel Mama has one of her ""attacks"" and Dr. Harmon (Kenneth Harlan) is called in. He soon discovers the exact trouble and orders Mrs. Orrin to bed with instructions that she not even see her daughter. Mrs. Orrin disobeys these orders and then Eve's nerves give way, causing a second visit by the doctor. He takes Eve away from the mother, but after Henry accuses the doctor of being a fortune seeker, the doctor refuses to have anything to do with Eve. Finally, Eve's eyes are opened and she uses a ""treat 'em rough"" theory on her mother. Besides winning the love of her doctor, she cures her mother of her hysterics."
Shakka	2	One dark night, some dark businessmen, the enemies of our nation, entered the house of an honest country-loving person to save their lives. They ruthlessly murdered Shakka's parents in front of him. Shakka, only twelve years old, somehow managed to escape and ran for his life. He did not stop in this race of life; he had a long way to go, his destination unknown – his aim was to find those murderers, those masked killers who had killed his parents and he had to unmask them. Days passed, years passed, childhood went and came manhood; Shakka had all the power of youth and also the blood of his brave parents, which was like lava bubbling within him; impatient to turn his enemies to ashes. In order to reach those murderers, Shakka had to cross all those paths filled with crime and poison; those paths which change a man to a devil. Shakka also became like a devil in his neighborhood and he became one of the group of devils who was responsible for the murder of his parents. On this road of crime, Shakka met Meena, who was a renowned thief. She too, like Shakka, was lonely in life, brought up by a criminal and left alone on those roads of crime. When Shakka was very near to his destination, he learnt that the real culprit behind the murder of his parents was Seth Dharamdas, who is now leading the life of a very rich nobleman. On one hand, Shakka's heart was filled with hatred because of the bloody incident in his childhood, but, on the other hand, was a streak of love. Meena's love; that Meena with whom he had spent several hours playing at the seaside, he used to collect all kinds of shells for his Meena and see the wonders of fate. Today, the girl thief Meena is the same Meena of his childhood days. Shakka had found his lost love, but when he came to know that his Meena was the daughter of the real murderer Seth Dharamdas, he was stunned because there was one Meena in Seth Dharamdas' house and Shakka believed her to be the real Meena.
C.H.O.M.P.S.	0	"Brian Foster (Wesley Eure), a young inventor, creates a robotic dog for use as part of a home protection system. C.H.O.M.P.S. is an acronym for ""Canine HOMe Protection System."" Ralph Norton (Conrad Bain) is his boss, with whom he constantly argues. Foster develops a relationship with Norton's daughter, Casey (Valerie Bertinelli). A rival company wants the dog and sends a few petty criminals to dognap ""C.H.O.M.P.S."""
She Couldn't Say No	1	Wealthy Corby Lane (Jean Simmons) visits the American hamlet of Progress, Arkansas, whose residents had paid for a critical medical operation for her when she was a child. She decides to express her gratitude by giving them money anonymously. The headstrong woman clashes with the local doctor, Robert Sellers (Robert Mitchum), who foresees the resulting chaos.
The Legend of Zorro	1	In 1851, nine years after the events of the first film, California is voting on whether to join the United States of America as a state. Alejandro Murrieta, as Zorro, foils a plot to steal the ballots, but during the fight with a gunman named Jacob McGivens, he briefly loses his mask. A pair of Pinkerton agents sees his face and recognize him. The following day, the Pinkertons confront Alejandro's wife Elena and force her to divorce him.Three months later, the separation from Elena and his son Joaquin, and the feeling that the people no longer need Zorro, are taking its toll on Alejandro. His childhood guardian, Father Felipe, convinces him to attend a party at French Count Armand's new vineyard. There, Alejandro discovers that Elena is dating the count. After leaving the party, Alejandro witnesses a huge explosion close to Armand's mansion and becomes suspicious of him.McGivens leads an attack on the family of Guillermo Cortez, Alejandro's friend, to seize their land deed. Donning his mask again, Zorro rescues Guillermo's wife and son, but fails to save Guillermo and the deed. Zorro follows McGivens to Armand's mansion and discovers that Armand plans to build a railroad on Cortez's land. He also encounters Elena, and learning of an upcoming shipment, he tracks McGivens to a cove where the cargo is delivered. Unbeknownst to him, Joaquin also hitched a ride on McGiven's cart, having sneaked out of a class trip. Zorro saves his son from the bandits, and examing the shipment, he sees a piece of the cargo, a bar of soap, and the name Orbis Unum on a crate lid. Upon researching the phrase, Felipe and Alejandro learn that Armand is the head of a secret society, the Knights of Aragon, which has been secretly ruling Europe. The United States is deemed a threat to the Knights, so they plan to throw the country into chaos before it can gain too much power.Alejandro is captured by the Pinkertons, who reveal that they forced Elena to divorce Alejandro in order to get close to Armand and learn of his plans without the aid of Zorro, as they dislike Zorro and his vigilante ways. Joaquin frees Alejandro from captivity. Zorro goes to Armand's mansion, meets Elena, and eavesdrops on Armand's meeting. He learns that the soap bars are secretly used as an ingredient for nitroglycerin, which Armand plans to distribute throughout the Confederate Army, with the help of Confederate Colonel Beauregard, to destroy the Union. Zorro and Elena reconcile, and Zorro prepares to destroy the train carrying the explosives. McGivens arrives at Felipe's church to look for Zorro. Unable to find him, McGivens shoots the priest and kidnaps Joaquin.At the mansion, Armand is informed by his butler, Ferroq, about Elena's deception. He confronts her, also revealing he had killed the Pinkertons, and takes her and Joaquin hostage on the train carrying the explosives, making Zorro unable to destroy it. Zorro is captured and unmasked in front of his son. Armand takes Joaquin and Elena away and orders McGivens to kill Alejandro. Felipe, having been saved from McGivens's bullet by a cross he wears, arrives, and he and Alejandro overpower and kill McGivens.Zorro catches up with Armand, and they engage in a sword fight. Meanwhile, Elena has Joaquin escape into the back cars of the train, which she disconnects. Elena fights Ferroq in the nitro storage car and throws him and a bottle of nitro out of the car and at the feet of Colonel Beauregard at their prearranged meeting point, killing them. Further along the tracks, the governor prepares to sign the bill to make California a Union state. Joaquin collects Tornado, Zorro's horse, jumps off the train, and overtakes it. He hits a track switch, causing the train to harmlessly pass around the ceremony. Zorro and Armand's duel takes them to the very front of the locomotive. Seeing the track is a dead end, Zorro hooks Armand to the train and escapes with Elena. The train crashes into the pile of rails at the end of the track, setting off the nitroglycerin, killing Armand.With Zorro as an official witness, the governor signs the bill, and California becomes the 31st state of the United States of America. Felipe remarries Alejandro and Elena, and Alejandro apologizes to his son for hiding his identity, admitting that Zorro's identity is a family secret rather than just his own. With Elena's support, Zorro rides off on Tornado to his next mission.
Gallowwalkers	1	After a group of outlaws kill his lover, Aman (Wesley Snipes) goes after them and kills them. When he is killed himself, his mother, a nun, breaks her covenant with God to save his life, which in turn curses him for life. His curse brings his victims back to life, and as undead, they pursue him endlessly for revenge. Forever suffering this curse and still seeking revenge, before Aman enlists Fabulos (Riley Smith), a young gunman, to fight by his side against his undead victims.
Indru Netru Naalai	1	"In the year 2065, a scientist (Arya) invents a time machine. To prove its capability, he sends it back in time to 2015, programming it to return within forty seconds. However, the machine does not return.The time machine is seen by three people in 2015 — Elango (Vishnu), a budding entrepreneur whose ideas are rejected by all and who is struggling to maintain his relationship with his rich girlfriend Anu (Miya), who is embarrassed at the fact that Elango is unemployed; Elango's best friend Pulivetti Arumugam (Karunakaran), a fake astrologer; and an inventor Giridhara Parthasarathy (T. M. Karthik), who makes a living by repairing home appliances. The three of them are involved in an accident and witness the time machine while recovering from the shock. While Parthasarathy decides to keep the time machine for himself, he suffers an electric shock and ends up in a coma, prompting Elango and Arumugam to steal the time machine from Parthasarathy's shop. The duo use the time machine to make Arumugam's astrology practice extremely successful by going back in time and finding things lost by people under the guise of astrology. Elango further uses the machine to impress Anu's industrialist father Rajarathinam (Jayaprakash) by going to the future, obtaining the stock market results and successfully ""predicting"" them in front of Rajarathinam and his company's board of directors. Rajarathinam soon approves the marriage of Anu with Elango.Things go smoothly until Elango and Arumugam inadvertently thwart an encounter to kill Kuzhandaivelu (P. Ravi Shankar), a dreaded gangster and extortionist who is targeting Rajarathinam, during one of their trips to the past to find yet another item of one of Arumugam's clients. In the present day, Kuzhandaivelu is plotting to kill Rajarathinam for his role in planning the encounter and also Elango and Arumugam for (unknowingly) attacking him in a parking lot. Elango and Anu's marriage is postponed indefinitely as a result.Elango and Arumugam go back to the past to fix their mistake, but Kuzhandaivelu accidentally shoots the time machine while fighting a police officer during the encounter, damaging it. The duo find Parthasarathy, who has woken up from his coma but doesn't remember them, and ask him to fix the time machine. While Parthasarathy manages to fix the time machine, due to a lack of specific parts which have not yet been developed, it can only take the user to a specific time in the past (when Kuzhandaivelu damaged the time machine) and also as the date cannot be changed, the user cannot return to the future. Therefore, the duo decide not to use it. Later, Kuzhandaivelu spots Elango, Arumugam and Anu at a mall and pursues them. He opens fire during the chase, killing Anu. To ensure that Anu remains alive, Elango decides to use the time machine to return to the past and kill Kuzhandaivelu, even though he cannot return. But Kuzhandaivelu spots the duo and while fighting them, all three of them fall into the time machine and go to the past. In the past, Kuzhandaivelu destroys the time machine, but Elango manages to kill Kuzhandaivelu. Then, Elango and Arumugam stop themselves from finding the time machine by thwarting the accident involving them and Parthasarathy.The next morning, Elango wakes up in a bed, remembering only the events of the previous night. He soon finds out, to his surprise, that he is in a marriage hall and that he is getting married to Anu on that day. He does not remember, to Anu's bewilderment, any of the events which had occurred in the past two months as a result of his usage of the time machine during that period. He finds out that, without finding the time machine, he got a job and managed to impress Rajarathinam with one of his business ideas, leading to his marriage with Anu. Arumugam, who also doesn't remember anything over the past two months, is happily married. Elango and Arumugam soon find out that Kuzhandaivelu had died two months ago. They also run into Parthasarathy, who does not recognise them as they had never met.Since the time machine was never seen, it returned to 2065, making it a success."
Happy Feet	1	"Every emperor penguin sings a unique song called a ""heartsong"" to attract a mate. If the male penguin's heartsong matches the female's song, the two penguins mate. Norma Jean, a female penguin, falls for Memphis, a male penguin and they become mates. They lay an egg, which is left in Memphis' care, while Norma Jean leaves with the other females to fish. While the males struggle through the harsh winter, Memphis briefly drops the egg. As a result, Mumble is unable to sing, but he can tap dance instead. Nevertheless, he is enamored with Gloria, a female penguin who is regarded as the most talented of her age. One day, Mumble encounters a group of hostile skua, with a leader who is tagged with a yellow band, which he says is from an alien abduction. Mumble narrowly escapes the hungry birds by falling into a crevice.Now a young adult, Mumble is frequently ridiculed by the elders. After escaping from a leopard seal attack, Mumble befriends a group of Adelie penguins called ""the Amigos"", who embrace Mumble's dance moves and assimilate him into their group. After seeing a hidden human excavator in an avalanche, they opt to ask Lovelace, a rockhopper penguin, about its origin. Lovelace has the plastic rings of a six pack entangled around his neck, which he claims have been bestowed upon him by mystic beings.For the emperor penguins, it is mating season and Gloria is the center of attention. Ramón, one of the Amigos, attempts to help Mumble win her affection by singing a Spanish version of ""My Way"", with Mumble lip syncing, but the plan fails. In desperation, Mumble begins tap dancing in synch with her song. She falls for him and the youthful penguins join in for singing and dancing to ""Boogie Wonderland"". The elders are appalled by Mumble's conduct, which they see as the reason for their lean fishing season. Memphis begs Mumble to stop dancing, for his own sake, but when Mumble refuses, he is exiled, prompting him to curse revenge on the elders for their blind belief.Mumble and the Amigos return to Lovelace, only to find him being choked by the plastic rings. Lovelace confesses they were snagged on him while swimming off the forbidden shores, beyond the land of the elephant seals. Not long into their journey, they are met by Gloria, who wishes to join with Mumble as his mate. Fearing for her safety, he ridicules Gloria, driving her away.At the forbidden shore, the group finds a fishing boat. Mumble pursues it solo to the brink of exhaustion. He is eventually washed up on the shore of Australia, where he is rescued and kept at Marine World with Magellanic penguins. After a long and secluded confinement in addition to fruitlessly trying to communicate with the humans, he nearly succumbs to madness. When a girl attempts to interact with Mumble by tapping the glass, he starts dancing, which attracts a large crowd. He is released back into the wild, with a tracking device attached to his back. He returns to his colony and challenges the will of the elders. Memphis reconciles with him, just as a research team arrives, proving the claims of the existence of ""aliens"" to be true. The whole of the colony, even Noah the leader of the elders, engages in dance.The research team returns their expedition footage, prompting a worldwide debate. The governments realize they are overfishing, leading to the banning of all Antarctic fishing. At this, the emperor penguins and the Amigos celebrate."
Miracles	1	Chan plays Kuo Cheng-Wah, a kind-hearted country boy who is quickly cheated out of all his money by Tung (Bill Tung) when he arrives in Hong Kong. Depressed and destitute, he encounters Madame Kao (Gua Ah-leh), a poor woman selling flowers on the street; she urges him to buy a red rose, saying it will bring him luck. He disagrees at first but after looking at his suitcase, he finally agrees.His fortunes immediately take a dramatic turn when he stumbles into a gang war, and renders assistance to a dying gang leader. When Fei (Lo Lieh) asks who will take his spot, the gang leader unwittingly makes Kuo his successor and dies. Kuo, awed, attributes his luck to Madame Kao's rose, and takes to buying one from her every day thereafter. This does not sit well with the gang, especially Fei, who feels that he was next in line to be the boss. Uncle Hoi (Wu Ma), the boss' right-hand man, helps Kuo adjust to being the boss. In a fight to test his toughness, Kuo wins the gang's respect, with the exception of Fei.Kuo reluctantly accept being a gangster boss and tries to find a different way to legitimately make a living for himself and his gang. When singer Yang Luming (Anita Mui) comes to him with money to pay off a debt the previous boss had loaned to her dad, Uncle Hoi comes up with the idea to open a nightclub. At the opening of the nightclub, rival boss Tiger comes to enjoy the nightclub, being introduced to Kuo. Before the music starts, the police and Inspector Ho (Richard Ng) interrupts the show. In Kuo's office, Ho privately tells him his plan to bring both gangs to jail. Ho leaves Kuo with Uncle Hoi, who tells Kuo everyone know what they talked about since it the same lines Ho always uses.Before a meeting with Tiger, Kuo goes to buy his usual rose from Madame Kao, but she is not at her post. Because of this, he is caught up at a fight in a restaurant. The fight ends when Tiger stops a fan from falling on Kuo, who dives out of his way to grab a rose. About to be taken for ransom by Tiger, he is saved again by Inspector Ho. Afterwards, Kuo searches for Madame Kao, and finds her terribly upset over a letter she has just received. The letter is from her daughter, Belle (Gloria Yip), a student in Shanghai whom Madame Kao has been supporting, all the time while concealing her sufferings and leading her to believe that she is a rich society woman in Hong Kong.She now comes to visit, bringing her wealthy fiance and his father, but Madame Kao is afraid that her poverty will bring disgrace to her daughter. Through Luming's persuasion, Kuo offers to help, buying Madame Kao expensive new clothes and arranging a lavish party for her, to which he invites some of his disreputable friends, including Tung as her husband (that he almost didn't remember), on the condition that they impersonate the local dignitaries. Also Kuo accidentally agrees to the wedding in which he later on decides to get the gangs to act as rich dignitaries with mixed results. Most importantly, his gang ties up photographers and business people, fearing that they might reveal Kao's sad true nature.Meanwhile, Fei has manipulated Tiger into thinking Kuo had some of his men killed when they were trying to bring him in for a negotiation. In reality, they were simply being held captive. On the eve of the party, Kuo tries to get to Inspector Ho but is instead captured by Tiger and taken to a rope factory run by Fei. It is clear to Kuo now that Fei has been behind the scenes of all the strife, but as Tiger is about to shoot Kuo, Tiger's missing men return, proving Kuo's innocence. Tiger sees this as an internal struggle and lets Kuo and Fei sort things out on their own with assurance from Tiger that there is no foul play. After a fight in the factory with Fei's men, Kuo triumphs. Fei is ready to fight Kuo himself, but Kuo wants to solve their issues peacefully, and more importantly get back to Madame Kao's situation, winning Tiger's respect in the process.After canceling the party and getting rid of the gangs that will play the rich dignitaries, Kuo tries to convince the real dignitaries of Hong Kong to help him. As soon as Madame Kao is about to confess to Belle's fiance and father about her real life, the real dignitaries come in for the party, with Kuo having convinced them that he could not do this without them. This leaves everyone crying in relief in pulling this illusion over to the end.As Belle and her fiance take a ship back to Shanghai, everyone is there to see them off. Inspector Ho, wanted for embezzlement and abuse of power when he was conned by Tung, is also on the ship, denouncing Tung as they ship off. Happy with how things turned out, Kuo yells for Belle, her fiancé and his father to come back anytime, much to the horror of everyone who want to go back to their normal lives.
Beauty Shop	2	"Gina Norris (Queen Latifah) is a widowed hairstylist who has moved from Chicago to Atlanta so her daughter Vanessa (Paige Hurd) can attend a private music school. She's made a name for herself as a stylist, but after her self-centered boss, Jorge (Kevin Bacon), criticizes her decisions, she leaves and sets up her own shop, purchasing a run-down salon by the skin of her teeth by helping out a loan officer.Upon buying the salon, she runs into instant barriers: loudmouthed young stylists, older clients who are fixed in their habits, an energetic young boy named Willie (Lil' JJ) who constantly flirts with women (including Vanessa) while filming for his next music video, people wary of her ability as a hairdresser, and the constant trouble her rebellious sister-in-law, Darnelle (Keshia Knight Pulliam), finds herself in. Gina issues an ultimatum with Darnelle to clean up her act and start paying her back or she will be evicted. In a short time, the previous owner's clients become her own and many of her former customers find their way from Jorge's to her salon. When electrical issues arise, she finds that the upstairs renter, Joe, is a handsome electrician from Africa who eventually bonds with Vanessa due to his skills on the piano. Because Jorge is jealous that his shop is losing clients to Gina's, he pays a health inspector named Crawford (Jim Holmes), to find various ways to shut down Gina's business.Over time, neighborhood regulars frequent the shop and the varied stylists become close to Gina, as does Joe (Djimon Hounsou). One of her former clients from Jorge's even uses her connections to set up a meeting with Cover Girl for Gina's homemade miracle conditioner, affectionately called ""hair crack"".Tragedy strikes when the shop is trashed and heavily vandalized the night before Vanessa's big piano recital. When Gina next enters the shop, she finds not only that her staff has cleaned up the majority of the mess and brought items from home so the shop could operate, but Darnelle has also decided to grow up and enter beauty school. While filming for his next topic, Willie tapes a meeting between Jorge and Inspector Crawford and learns that they were responsible for trying to ruin Gina. Shortly, a disheveled woman enters the shop and begs for someone to fix her hair for a wedding she has in a few hours. Soon after, Willie shows Gina the videotape of a meeting he filmed of Jorge and Inspector Crawford. Later that night, Gina goes to Jorge's salon to not only tell him about the tape, but that she knows he is not Jorge from Austria, but George Christie from Nebraska. As soon as Gina leaves, James (Bryce Wilson) (Gina's only male employee) and a few of his friends give Jorge an extreme haircut as payback for what he did to her in trying to close her shop.Later, as the shop listens to their favorite radio talk-show host DJ Hollerin' Helen (Adele Givens), they find out she was the desperate customer on the way to the wedding as she gives the shop (and Gina's ""hair crack"" conditioner) a shout-out on the radio."
Once a Thief	1	The story is about three orphans and their two father figures. They are taken in by both a wealthy crime boss which leads to their close friendship, and a kind police officer. Nevertheless, the trio grows up learning high-tech methods of theft and specialize in stealing treasured paintings. After a heist in France goes awry, Red Bean Pudding is thought to be dead and James takes his place as Red Bean's lover. However, Pudding returns in a wheelchair, and the group begins planning their next heist for themselves, fall out of favor with Chow, and various complications and gun battles ensue.
Shutter	1	Rasheed (Lal) is an NRI working in the Gulf. He comes to his hometown Kozhikode on a vacation for his daughter's engagement. Rasheed has invested in a commercial property next to his house which he has let out to store owners, except for one room. During his holiday, he meets his friends here and they bond every night over a few peg of drinks. During one of these days, Rashid's friend Nanmarayil Suran (Vinay Forrt), an autorickshaw driver, locks him with a prostitute in a garage from the outside to let the two have some fun. He fails to turn up as promised and the two end up spending two nights and one day together in the garage. The rest of the narrative revolves around the embarrassing plight of these two and the lives of Suran, Thankam and Manoharan.
Krrish 3	1	"Scientist Rohit Mehra lives with his son Krishna Mehra (both played by Hrithik Roshan) in Mumbai. Krishna is married to Priya (Priyanka Chopra), a journalist for Aaj Tak. Rohit works in a research institute for the Indian government and Krishna, while moonlighting as the superhero Krrish, is regularly fired from various day jobs due to lack of attendance. Rohit is researching on a device that will bring life to dead tissues by the use of solar energy. Despite several attempts, he fails to complete the experiment due to the high intensity of sun rays. On a usual day, Krishna loses his job from the security wing of a company when he hears news about an aeroplane whose front tyres are stuck due to some malfunctioning which creates high risk, even if landed, it may explode and so will the passengers inside. Krishna immediately changes himself to Krrish and saves the plane from accident by holding the landing gear in place to allow the tyres to support the nose of the craft.A few days later, Rohit hears about a deadly disease spreading in Namibia due to a virus whose antidote has not yet been discovered. He consults his friend Dr. Varun Shetty (Arif Zakaria) about the situation. Meanwhile, Shetty receives a phone call from Dr. Alok Sen (Asif Basra), a scientist working for Kaal Laboratories who insists on meeting him in order to reveal information about the virus and its antidote. Both Sen and Shetty are, however, murdered by Kaya (Kangana Ranaut), a shapeshifting female mutant. She is the henchwoman of Kaal (Vivek Oberoi), a handicapped evil genius who possesses telekinetic powers. Kaal creates a team of human-animal hybrids called ""maanvars"", with distinct physical powers in order to cure himself but fails. Later it is revealed the virus in Namibia was spread by Kaal himself to incur huge profits by selling its antidote, the singular source of which is his blood.Rohit discovers that the virus, which is fast spreading through Mumbai, has no effect on Krishna, the pregnant Priya or himself. He, thus, makes an antidote by using the blood from Krishna's bloodstream which he spreads with the help of explosions. An enraged Kaal sends his mutants to attack Rohit and find out how an antidote was developed without using his own blood. Krrish manages to save Rohit, but Priya is injured and hospitalised. Krrish, however, manages to defeat the mutant Striker (Gowhar Khan). Kaya, carrying out Kaal's instructions, shapeshifts into Priya while Priya is kidnapped by Kaal. Posing as Priya, Kaya leads Krishna to believe that Priya has lost her child, and continues to live with the Mehras. While finding the truth behind the antidote's formula she develops an attraction towards Krishna. Failing to get answers about Frog Man's involvement with the virus attack, Rohit travels to Singapore to seek answers from Dr. Siddhant Arya's (Naseeruddin Shah) partner, where he is kidnapped by Kaal's men. Meanwhile, Krishna discovers the true identity of Priya; furious, he reveals himself as Krrish to Kaya and orders her to take him to Kaal's laboratory. Having fallen in love with Krishna, Kaya decides to help rescue his wife.At Kaal's laboratory, it is revealed that Kaal is Rohit's son, who was created by an experiment conducted by Dr. Arya while Rohit was held hostage by him years earlier. The child was born handicapped, and was thus given away to an orphanage from where he was adopted by a wealthy man (Mohnish Behl). Kaal uses Rohit's bone marrow to successfully cure his handicap. Meanwhile, Kaya saves Priya and unites her with Krrish; she is, however, murdered by Kaal for her disloyalty. Kaal subsequently murders Krrish, and dons a metal suit. Deeply disturbed by his son's death, Rohit decides to re-use his failed experiment to bring dead tissues to life in order to save Krishna. This time, however, he absorbs the excess energy himself. The process simultaneously kills Rohit and transfers his powers to a revived Krishna. Meanwhile, Kaal threatens to destroy the city of Mumbai if Priya does not surrender to him. Krrish re-emerges and, after several unsuccessful attempts, manages to kill him using Rohit's solar experiment.Six months later, Priya names their new-born son Rohit, who also exhibits superpowers."
Woman of Desire	0	Christina Ford (Bo Derek) a beautiful woman, is unhappily married to the older wealthy Walter J. Hill (Robert Mitchum) who employs Jack Lynch (Jeff Fahey) as his boat pilot. Christina meets a man named Jonathan Ashby (Steven Bauer) and begins having an affair behind her husband's back, however Hill begins to have suspicions and orders her back to his boat. Not content, Christina quickly seduces Jack, recording them as they have intercourse on his Harley Davidson motorcycle. Not soon after, Hill is murdered, and police suspicions fall on Jack as being the culprit, he denies this, and tells the detectives that Christina was also having an affair with Ashby at the time of her husband's death. Ashby had become enraged when he discovered that Christina was now sleeping with Jack, as she had taunted him about this. Ultimately the police find themselves having to find out if it was Jack, Christina, or Ashby who killed Hill.
Manchi Kutumbam	2	Venu Gopala Rao (Akkineni Nageshwara Rao) is a businessman who has a happy family. His family consists of an understanding wife Shantha (Shaavukaru Janaki), they have 8 children two college going daughters Mala (Vijayanirmala) Nirmala (Vijayasree), a widowed elder sister Seetamma (Hemalatha) and a nephew Pandu (Chalam) who looks after the happenings in the house. Venu Gopala Rao’s daughters fall for two handsome looking men Mohan (Krishna) and Shankar (Chandramohan) respectively. Meanwhile, Pandu loves Station Master Bhushanam's (Allu Ramalingaiah) daughter Bala (Geethanjali). Venu Gopala Rao spends the little time with the family and spends more time in business tours. One day, a young man arrives at the house claiming to be the son of Venu Gopala Rao. Shantha gets distraught knowing this and all the family members get devastated. When the family is in such mental turmoil, Venu Gopala Rao enters the scene and explains the flashback because the family members demand a strong explanation. Venu Gopala Rao was made to study by a richman (Gummadi). This rich man has two daughters Shantha and Sarada (Kanchana). Shantha secretly admires Venu Gopala Rao. Meanwhile, Sarada and Venu Gopala Rao are in love. But with the request of the rich man, Venugopala Rao marries Shantha. Sarada sacrifices her love for her beloved sister. Once Shantha and Venu Gopala Rao leave for Burma on a business tour. As it is the second world war era, due to bombing the couple gets separated. Venu Gopala Rao assumes that Shantha is dead and returns to India. In troubled circumstances, he marries Sarada too. Suddenly, Shantha comes back to India well alive. As a result, Venu Gopala Rao decides to stay with two wives without letting each other know about this. Sarada dies after giving birth to four children. Shantha realizes the truth and looks after his sister’s children equally with her own children. Right from then Venu Gopala Rao’s family becomes a happy family. The story ends on a happy note with the marriages of Venu Gopala Rao’s children
The Alligator People	2	"After nurse Jane Marvin (Beverly Garland) is administered the drug sodium pentothal by psychiatrists Erik Lorimer (Bruce Bennett) and Wayne McGregor (Douglas Kennedy), she recalls a series of events from her forgotten past when she was known as Joyce Webster.Joyce has just married a young man named Paul Webster (Richard Crane). Aboard their honeymoon train, Paul receives a telegram and, in a panic, immediately leaves the train to make a phone call. When the train pulls out, Paul is missing, having vanished without a word. Throughout the following months, Joyce employs private detectives and conducts her own search for her husband, to no avail, until one day she discovers the address of the Cypresses Plantation that Paul entered on his college enrollment forms.Joyce takes the next train to the desolate whistle-stop town of Bayou Landing in the heart of Louisiana swamp country. While waiting at the rail station, she notices a large crate, marked as containing radioactive cobalt, and meets Manon (Lon Chaney Jr.), a hermit handyman at the Cypresses, when he comes to pick up the crate. She asks him to drive her there and he obliges. As they proceed deeper in the swamps, Joyce is horrified when Manon tries to run over an alligator and then exhibits the hook where a gator bit off his hand, explaining his hatred for the reptiles. At the plantation, Joyce introduces herself to Lavinia Hawthorne (Frieda Inescort), the Cypresses' stern mistress. When Joyce suggests that Paul once lived at the plantation, Lavinia calls her a liar and tries to have her thrown out. However, when her manservant Toby (Vince Townsend Jr.) points out that Joyce has missed the last train back to town, Lavinia reluctantly invites her to stay the night under the proviso that she not leave her room.That night, in a drunken craze, Manon is in the swamps attempting to shoot several alligators. Joyce is disquieted by the sound of gunshots, but when she tries to open the door to her room, she discovers it is locked. When the maid Lou Ann (Ruby Goodwin) delivers Joyce’s dinner tray, she warns that the house is deeply troubled and advises her to leave as soon as possible. Later, Lavinia notifies Mark Sinclair (George Macready), a self-proclaimed ""Swamp Doctor"" who operates a clinic on the plantation, that Paul's wife is there. At the clinic, Mark administers an injection to an agitated patient who is swathed in bandages. Soon after, Lavinia arrives to confer about how to deal with Joyce.Meanwhile, at the house, Joyce hears the strings of a piano and slips out of her room to investigate. As she descends the stairs, she sees a man in a trench coat, his face in shadows, seated at the piano and fails to recognize the shadowy figure as mutated Paul. When Joyce enters the room, Paul flees, leaving behind a trail of muddy, clawed footprints. Paul, his face terribly disfigured, stops Lavinia's car and in a distorted voice, insists that Joyce leave as soon as possible. The next morning, Mark comes to the house to question Joyce, and sensing that he is withholding information about Paul, she refuses to leave. Later that day, when Joyce demands that Lavinia tell her what she did to Paul, the older woman breaks down and confesses that Paul is her son.That night, as a storm rages, thinking that Joyce has gone, Paul returns to the house. When Joyce sees him, he runs away and she follows him into the swamps. After being menaced by several alligators and a giant snake blocking her path, Joyce screams, and Manon appears and carries her to his shack. After trying to get her to strip, Manon assaults her. When Joyce screams and tries to resist, Manon knocks her unconscious. An outraged, reptilian-looking Paul then bursts in and fights Manon. After a struggle, Paul manages to incapacitate Manon and takes Joyce back to the house. Manon recovers and screams out in rage into the storm, vowing to kill Paul. Back at the house, Lou Ann is caring for Joyce as Lavinia confronts her son. After his mother insists that Joyce be told the truth, Paul presses Mark to give him an untested cobalt treatment in hopes of curing his condition. Mark reluctantly agrees to give him the treatment the following evening after Joyce has been informed of the situation.The next morning, Mark summons Joyce to his lab and tells her about his experiments with reptilian hormones that are capable of regenerating limbs. He continues that after Paul was horribly mangled in a plane crash, Mark administered the serum to him and several other accident victims. The treatment appeared to be a great success, until his patients began to increasingly take on reptilian traits. Mark explains that after Paul received the telegram notifying him that his tests were positive, he hurriedly left the train and came home in hopes of reversing his condition. When Joyce learns of Paul's scheduled radical cobalt treatment, she insists on being present.That night, Paul encounters Joyce at the clinic and turns away from her in shame. After seeing Joyce clasping her son's hands and reassuring him of her love, Lavinia apologizes to her for her brusqueness. As Paul climbs onto the table and Mark aims the ray at him, Manon bursts into the lab and destroys the control panel, shooting powerful rays at Paul that transform him into a bipedal, reptilian monster with an alligator-like head. After trying to attack Manon, Paul looks on as Manon's hook is caught on some cords and is electrocuted to death while trying to attack Paul. Confused, Paul stumbles over to the other room and tries to communicate, but his voice has been replaced with a reptilian snarl. Hearing his wife and mother scream in horror, Paul flees into the swamps and sadly peering into the water, sees his reflection. Joyce scrambles after him, as the cobalt machine, short circuiting due to Manon's body, self-destructs and destroys the lab. Scrambling away from his wife, Paul is attacked by and wrestles an alligator while Joyce screams at the sight. Managing to fight off the reptile and hurl it away, Paul stumbles into quicksand and slowly sinks out of sight to the sound of Joyce’s shrieks.Back in the present, the psychiatrists review the tapes of Joyce's ordeal and, concluding that her amnesia has allowed her to suppress the horror and resume a normal life, they decide not to tell her about her life as Joyce Webster."
A Life at Stake	2	Down-on-his-luck Los Angeles architect and builder Edward Shaw (Keith Andes) is approached by Doris Hillman (Angela Lansbury) with a business proposal: buying land together, on which he would build houses that she would then sell, using her experience as a former real estate broker. Her husband, Gus Hillman, a wealthy businessman, would be willing to contribute half a million dollars as capital for the venture.Doris quickly seems interested in more than a purely professional relationship. Shaw starts an affair with her and accepts the business offer. However, an accidental discovery leaves him convinced that the Hillmans' interest lies less in the long-term profits of the venture than in the $175,000 key man insurance policy he took on himself as a precondition for the deal, and that an attempt on his life is imminent.Madge, the younger sister of Doris, develops a romantic interest in Shaw as well. Without knowing what Doris has planned, she reveals to Shaw that her sister was married previously to a man who died in Wyoming when his car crashed over a bridge. Shaw ends up drugged by Gus Hillman and barely keeps his car from going off a cliff.The police are skeptical about his story and the insurance company refuses to cancel the policy, Hillman having portrayed Shaw as a man who is trying to steal his wife. Madge teams with Shaw to try to foil her sister's scheme, but Doris lures him to a mountain cabin and shoots him with a gun. A wounded Shaw sees both Hillmans struggle then fall to their deaths through a clifftop doorway, just minutes before Madge and the cops arrive.
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	1	"Charismatic Czech brain surgeon, Tomas, a successful lothario in Communist Czechoslovakia, is pursuing a love/hate affair with Sabina, an equally care-free artist in Prague. One day, Dr Tomas makes a long distance call to a spa town for a specialized surgery. There, he meets dissatisfied waitress Tereza, who desires intellectual stimulation. She tracks him down in Prague and moves in with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs.Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers, but has a somewhat lesbian affection for Sabina. Nevertheless, Tomas marries Tereza, in a simple ceremony with both perpetually laughing, followed by her double standard distress about Tomas' promiscuity. Although she considers leaving Tomas, she becomes more attached to Tomas when Soviet Army tanks invade Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs demonstrations against the Soviet forces and victims, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland: first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza.In Geneva, Sabina encounters Franz, a married university professor: they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, trapping him in-country: nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united.In Prague, Tomas has resumed his brain surgeon position, but having written a scathing article criticizing the Soviet-backed Czech régime before the invasion, berating them for claiming ignorance of Soviet political purges but seeming unremorseful, noting Oedipus Rex plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but the autocractic figures haven't, has rendered him a political anomaly and has jeopardized his re-employment. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article, claiming that Tomas' article fueled the anti-communist sentiment. Tomas refuses and is presumably black-listed from practising medicine. Tomas is apparently a window washer, and is recognized by the daughter of a high-ranking official, aware of her family connection, brazenly does his trademark ""take off your clothes"" line that is successful in examining a ""pain in her back"".As a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she encounters a one-time and passionless sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might denounce her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide at a canal bank; by chance, Tomas passes by Tereza and woos her back.Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country: they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas's welcomes them. In the village, they live an idyllic life, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues with the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the fate of Tereza and Tomas in a fatal traffic accident while returning after drinking in a tavern. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply satisfied as they drove towards death."
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	1	"Shy, soft-spoken Joel Barish and unrestrained free-spirit Clementine Kruczynski begin a relationship on a Long Island Rail Road train from Montauk to Rockville Centre. They are almost immediately drawn to each other, despite their contrasting personalities, and both had felt the need to travel to Montauk that day. Although they do not realize it, Joel and Clementine are, in fact, former lovers, now separated after having spent two years together. After a fight, Clementine had hired the New York City firm Lacuna, Inc. to erase all of her memories of their relationship. Upon discovering this from his friends Rob and Carrie, Joel was devastated and decided to undergo the procedure himself, a process that takes place while he sleeps.Much of the film subsequently takes place in Joel's mind, during this memory erasure procedure. Joel finds himself revisiting his memories of Clementine in reverse, starting from the disintegration of their relationship. As he comes across happier, positive memories of Clementine early in his relationship, he decides to preserve at least some memory of her and his love for her, trying to evade the procedure by taking his idealized memory of Clementine into memories not related to her, or waking up to stop the process. Despite his efforts, the memories are steadily erased. He comes to the last remaining memory of Clementine, the day he had first met her at a beach house in Montauk. As this memory disintegrates around them, she tells him, ""Meet me in Montauk.""Separate, but related, story arcs revolving around the employees of Lacuna are revealed during Joel's memory erasure. Patrick, one of the Lacuna technicians performing the erasure, uses Joel's memories and mannerisms to seduce and romance Clementine. Mary, the Lacuna receptionist, is dating the other memory-erasing technician, Stan, but has feelings for Dr. Howard Mierzwiak, the married doctor and head of Lacuna. During Joel's memory wipe, Mary discovers she had previously had an affair with Dr. Mierzwiak and agreed to have this erased from her memory when Dr. Mierzwiak's wife found out. On learning this, she asks Stan whether he knew about this, to which he claims that he didn't. Mary then quits her job and steals the company's records, mailing them to all of Lacuna's customers out of revenge.The film returns to the present, after Joel and Clementine have met at the train station of Montauk. They both come upon their Lacuna records later that day, and react with shock and bewilderment – they have no clear memory of having known each other, let alone having had a relationship and having had their memories erased. Joel pleads with Clementine to restart their relationship; Clementine initially resists, pointing out it could go the same way. Joel accepts this and they decide to try anyway."
The Fugitive	0	"A nameless and conflicted Catholic priest is a fugitive in an unnamed Latin American country where religion is outlawed. Another fugitive, a murderous bandit dubbed ""El Gringo"", comes to town. He and a beautiful Indian woman conspire to help the priest escape. Taken to safety, the priest is then convinced by a police informant to return to the town on the pretense that ""El Gringo"" is dying and wishes to receive the last rites. The priest is captured and sentenced to death, but forgives the informant for betraying him. The priest's execution by firing squad brings an outpouring of public grief and shows the authorities that it is impossible to stamp out religion as long as it exists in people's hearts and minds."
Thangam	0	Set in a small town near Coimbatore, ‘Thangam’ portrays two families headed by Rajendranath and Mahadevan respectively. Thangam (Sathyaraj) is the son of Delhi Kumar and Aaruchami (Shanmugaraj) is the son of Mahadevan. Kaalai (Goundamani) is the uncle of Thangam.Thangam and his sister Bhagyalakshmi (Jayashree) share a special attachment. The sister finds a suitable girl (Megha Nair) for the brother, who tries hard to arrange her marriage in a grand manner.The two families turn foes because of the local MLA, who is corrupt. The MLA wants to get rid of Rajendranath, who commands respect in the constituency. He gets close to Aaruchami, who is jealous of the respect commanded by Thangam and his family.The story has many twists and turns. Aaruchami, a compulsive womanizer, woo Thangam’s sister and makes her pregnant. Thangam, who is mad of his sister, makes Aaruchami marry him. Aaruchami commits a murder but Thangam accepts the responsibility and go to the jail to save Aaruchami, to make the marriage of his sister possible.Later, the relationship between the families is affected further with Mahadevan revolts against Rajendranath to make his son Aaruchami as MLA. In the process, he commits a murder and gets punished.The battle gets worsened. Rajendranath and Bhagyalakshmi are killed. The rest of the story narrates how Thangam avenges for the murders.
Black Water Vampire	1	Every ten years for the last forty years, a woman's body is discovered in the woods outside of Black Water, drained of blood and bearing mysterious bite marks. Raymond Banks (Bill Oberst Jr.) has been convicted of the crime, but Black Water resident Danielle (Danielle Lozeau) doesn't believe that he's the murderer. Hoping to prove his innocence and thus get Raymond off of death row, Danielle convinces her friends Andrea (Andrea Monier) and Rob (Robin Steffen) to venture out into the woods to search for evidence. They hire Anthony (Anthony Fanelli) to film their search, which quickly turns bizarre when they begin to hear stories about supernatural creatures, as well as being creeped out by the strange townspeople. Despite Rob's misgivings, the group begins a three-day hike to see where one of the bodies was discovered, only to get lost in the process.On their third day of hiking, they finally find the location where the fourth and last body was found, but suddenly realize that they have lost Rob. After searching for him for several hours, the three are forced to give up and set up camp. During the night, they hear noises outside the tent. When they go to investigate, they are attacked by a gremlin-esque vampire creature. The creature drags off Danielle. Andrea wants to save her, but Anthony insists they try and escape. In the morning, Anthony and Andrea come across Danielle, naked and visibly traumatized. Danielle claims that there is something inside her, and this is proven true when she is revealed to be impregnated with something.After trying and failing to convince Andrea to abandon the deteriorating Danielle, Anthony becomes exasperated and ditches the girls, only to be attacked and killed by the vampire seconds later. Several hours later, Danielle and Andrea find the camera on the ground. They quickly become surrounded by several motionless townspeople holding guns. The two girls get split up and Andrea hides in Raymond Banks's house. However, the vampire finds her in the house and she runs back outside. Andrea reunites with Danielle, but their joy is momentary, as seconds later the vampire appears and rips out Andrea's throat while Danielle flees in terror. She is then accosted by the townspeople who hold her down while whatever is in her stomach begins to burst out.The final scene is of the townspeople attending a party for a baby's first birthday party. The person filming pans the camera across Danielle's lifeless face before landing on the baby in its crib, which is revealed to be an infant vampire. After this shot, the film ends.
Devil and the Deep	1	Charles Sturm (Laughton) is a naval commander whose jealousy and abuse makes life miserable for his wife Diana (Bankhead). His suspicions fall on his own subordinate, Lieutenant Jaeckel (Grant). Although his suspicions are baseless, Sturm has Jaeckel transferred. After Charles falls into another fit of paranoid rage and strikes Diana, she wanders off into the streets during a festival and soon encounters another officer, who turns out to be Jaeckel's replacement, Lieutenant Sempter (Cooper). Learning of their affair, which this time is real not imagined, Charles plots a terrible revenge.On the night Commander Sturm's submarine is to sail, Diana goes aboard to warn Sempter of Sturm's dangerous frame of mind. But when Sturm arrives, he immediately orders the sub out to sea before Diana can return to shore. In the busy channel outside the harbor, Sturm deliberately maneuvers into the path of an oncoming ship, which rams and sinks the sub. Several compartments are flooded, but the crews are able to get out in time.Trapped on the bottom, the survivors gather in the control room; Sempter and Sturm square off, asserting command, while Diana exposes Sturm's madness. Sempter takes control and organizes the crew's escape. In a detailed and substantially accurate technical sequence, Diana and the crew exit through the sub's escape trunk using Momsen lungs, and are rescued at the surface. Refusing to leave the ship, Sturm stays behind and lapses into raving insanity; he opens a watertight door to let in the sea, laughing maniacally as the water rises.[1]Afterwards, cleared of most charges by a court martial, Sempter encounters Diana again in a shop on the street. Soon it begins to rain, and they depart in a cab together.
Snatch	2	"After stealing an 86-carat (17.2 g) diamond in a heist in Antwerp, Franky ""Four-Fingers"" goes to London to see diamond dealer Doug ""The Head"" on behalf of New York jeweller ""Cousin Avi"". One of the other robbers advises Franky to obtain a gun from ex-KGB agent Boris ""The Blade"". Meanwhile, Boris then plans to steal the diamond from him before he can turn it over to Doug.Meanwhile, boxing promoter and slot machine shop owner ""Turkish"" persuades gangster ""Brick Top"" to put boxer ""Gorgeous George"" in a matchup against one of Brick Top's boxers. However, when Turkish sends his partner Tommy and Gorgeous George to purchase a caravan from a group of Irish Travellers, George gets into a fight with Mickey O'Neil, a bare-knuckle boxing champion who badly injures George. Turkish persuades Mickey to replace George in his upcoming match by agreeing to purchase a new caravan for Mickey's mother. Brick Top agrees to the change on the condition that Mickey throws the fight in the fourth round.Boris gives Franky a revolver in exchange for a favour: Franky is to place a bet on Boris' behalf at Brick Top's bookies. Avi, knowing Franky has a gambling problem, flies to London with his bodyguard ""Rosebud"" to claim the diamond personally. Boris hires Vinny and Sol, two small-time crooks, to rob Franky while he is at the bookies. The robbery goes awry and Sol, Vinny, and their driver Tyrone are caught on camera, but manage to kidnap Franky.Instead of throwing the fight, Mickey knocks his opponent out with a single punch. Infuriated, Brick Top robs Turkish of his savings and demands that Mickey fight again, and lose this time. Meanwhile, Boris retrieves the diamond and murders Franky with a pistol. Brick Top tracks down Sol, Vinny, Tyrone, and their friend, Yardie ""Bad Boy"" Lincoln and plans on killing them for robbing his bookies. Sol bargains for their lives by promising Brick Top the stolen diamond, and is given 48 hours to retrieve it.Avi and Doug hire ""Bullet-Tooth"" Tony to help them find Franky. When the trail leads to Boris, they kidnap him and retrieve the diamond, closely pursued by Sol, Vinny, and Tyrone. Coincidentally Turkish and Tommy are driving on the same stretch of road at the time. When Tommy throws Turkish's carton of milk out of their car window; it splashes over Tony's windscreen, causing him to crash and killing Rosebud in the process. Boris escapes from the wreck only to be hit by Tyrone's car. Tony and Avi are confronted by Sol, Vinny, and Tyrone at a pub where Tony realizes that the trio's pistols are replicas, which he contrasts with his real handgun and intimidates them into leaving. The wounded Boris arrives with an assault rifle with a grenade launcher looking for the diamond back but is shot and killed by Tony, wounding Tyrone at the same time. Sol and Vinny leave a wounded Tyrone and escape with the diamond, which Vinny hides in his pants. When Tony catches up to them, they tell him that the diamond is back at their pawn shop. Once there, they produce the diamond, but it is promptly swallowed by a dog that Vinny got from the travellers. Avi fires at the fleeing dog, accidentally killing Tony. He gives up and returns to New York.Mickey refuses to fight again unless Turkish buys a better caravan for his mother, but Turkish has no money left since Brick Top stole his savings. Furious, Brick Top has his men vandalize Turkish's gambling arcade and burn down Mickey's mother's caravan while she is asleep inside. Mickey agrees to fight to avoid more carnage, but gets so drunk after his mother's wake that Turkish fears he will not make it to the fourth round. If he fails to go down as agreed, Brick Top's men will execute Turkish, Tommy, Mickey, and the entire campsite of travellers. Mickey makes it to the fourth round, when he suddenly knocks out his opponent. Outside the arena, Brick Top and his men are killed by the travellers. Mickey has bet on himself to win, and waited until the fourth round to allow the travellers time to ambush and kill Brick Top's men at the campsite.The next morning, Turkish and Tommy find the travellers' campsite deserted. When confronted by the police, they cannot explain why they are there, until Vinny's dog suddenly arrives and they claim to be walking it. Sol and Vinny are arrested when the police find Franky and Tony's bodies in their car. Turkish and Tommy take the dog to a veterinarian to extract a squeaky toy that it had swallowed, and discover the diamond in its stomach, as well. They consult Doug about selling the diamond and he calls Avi, who returns to London."
The Boy Inside	0	The story involves of three boys. They were all friends since they were little. One day, something which changed their entire life had happened. One of the boys called Morio, a six-year-old boy, fell from the swing when they were playing. He remained unconscious for about 12 years in a hospital. Morio’s friends and family tried to escape from the tragedy and forget about this accident. The other two boys, Mikihiko and Tomonari, had grown up and nearly forgot about Morio. Finally, Morio woke up and regained consciousness suddenly. However, Morio’s intelligence quotient stayed at 6 years old. Mikihiko decided to help Morio to catch up with the society. Therefore, Mikihiko had to sacrifice a lot of things in order to spend time and look after Morio, for instance, he broke up with his girlfriend Kie, quitted university and his free time etc. Nevertheless, Mikihiko failed to let Morio became accustomed to the society because Morio still had a childish and naive heart. Morio came back to the hospital and Mikihiko continued to live his own life at the end. Eventually, Mikihiko realised that everyone, even the ones who are childish as Morio could not escape from the reality of growing up and has to face the world which was ugly as sin.
Raiders of Old California	1	The film begins with the surrender of Capt. Miguel Sebastian (Dobkin) to Capt. McKane (Davis) from the U.S. Army at the end of Mexican-American War. Three years later, McKane was taking lands from their owners by intimidation and treachery.Words reach Judge Ward Young (Heydt) and his son Marshal Faron Young (Young). After a talk with Pardee (Van Cleef), they investigate with Diego (Colmans), a farmer and an old veteran with Sebastian, and then they investigate with McKane, and learned about a witness in the deal named Johnson (Lauter). Pardee tries to threaten Johnson to keep him from saying anything. Johnson tells Judge Young about the deal and agrees to testify in court.McKane's men ambush the lawmen and Johnson receives a dangerous wound, but tells them to look for Sebastian, who is still alive. They were overheard by Pardee, who went to interrogate with Diego and kill him.McKane's men follow Marshal Young and watch him survive an attack from the Comanches. They try to kill him but he manages to shoot them first. He mortally wounds Boyle and takes him to the town priest. Dying Boyle identifies the priest as Miguel Sebastian himself. Pardee arrives in town and inquires about Sebastian from a drunk named Pepe (Diamond). He tries to kill Sebastian but he was gunned down by Young.Upon this new finding McKane was ordered to be in court. He sends his men to kill Sebastian, but he dodges them through underground passage. McKane plans a cattle stampede through town. In the trial, Sebastian testified that he was forced to give his land to McKane under death threat, and that Johnson refused to sign as a witness because it was extortion and collaboration with the enemy, but he was forced to sign. Sebastian was permitted to leave for Mexico, but Pardee tracks him and pushes him off a cliff and left him for dead. Judge Young ruled that the grant was illegal because McKane bargained with the enemy at war time, and that McKane will be sent to be court-martialed.The court abrupts by the coming of the stampede, and McKane is caught in the stampede and was killed, along with the sheriff. Father Sebastian agrees to give the his lands to the farmers.
