346165	somewhat	are you crazy? $75 for this... its a good product but a $15 product
155254	somewhat	Length of the chain could be a bit longer.
49724	uninformative	Been a fave for decades
178723	somewhat	Bought these for a party. Worked perfectly
41122	somewhat	Very nice oils. We liked the viscosity and aroma.
45435	informative	Wintergreen mouthwashes always suit me better than the various mint flavors that come in blue rinses. I don't think this flavor is too different from any wintergreen product that doesn't contain sugar or the artificial sugars in many mints.  This mouthwash makes me mouth feel clean, doesn't burn, and still manages to provide a bit of a tingle. I have used the various other Prohealth rinses off and on for years and my teeth are no more stained than they ever were...and this is with copious coffee and tea drinking.  In short, I love the mixing of the alcohol free prohealth mouthwash with a crispy wintergreen flavor.
26180	informative	The shaver doesn't cut amazingly close to the skin or anything, but it is most certainly easier and quicker than using a razor. I have no seats in my shower; I'd much rather run a shaver over my legs and not have them as smooth as a babe's bottom than stand around trying to use a razor in the shower.
213749	informative	I've been using these facial cleansing wipes for years now and I absolutely love them. I'm really bad at remembering and taking the time to remove my makeup and wash my face every night, but these make it simple and fast. They smell nice and are so soft, they aren't abrasive like some other similar wipes.
263669	informative	I love this vera wang body powder.  Vera Wang by Vera Wang is the best fragrance I have ever purchased.  Soft, light, floral scent.
91980	informative	My son is 15 and has cystic acne. I have done a ton of research and what is working for him is mega dosing of B5 (pantothenic acid) and this product. The B5 dries up the oil from the inside and this particular brand does a great job taking care of it from the outside. It has me convinced that not all benzoyl peroxide products are equal.
308779	uninformative	It was everything that I expected it to be! Thank you!
57288	informative	I never thought I'd be a Chanel girl. Voila. I love this parfume. It's intoxicating to me. Along with Dior's Jadore, it's my favorite parfume of all time.
9093	informative	This thing pulled my hair.  It pulls and trim at the same time (painful).  I used several trimmers and this is the worst.  I even cleaned and oil the trimmer and gave it to someone else.  The trimmer cut and pulled her hair too.  Didn't return since I had it too long before using.
341665	uninformative	Love these!
27742	uninformative	very nice!
270509	informative	I detest soft toothbrushes, I feel like they fall apart quickly, and they are not doing justice to a true teeth cleaning.  These medium toothbrushes fit the bill - while I've only had it for a short period of time, the battery is strong, and will last its intended lifespan.  The bristles are hard and sturdy, and the head is just the right size.  I enjoy a toothbrush where I can pay attention to every tooth, and the size of the bristles allows me to properly clean my teeth and feel fresh day and night!
159916	uninformative	WONDERFUL !!!!
291258	somewhat	Love it but I wish it was a bit wider. That is the only downside.
136362	somewhat	Very pigmented
203936	informative	So hydrating! I just hope it lasts awhile because it's wonderful.
232062	informative	This is a great hair styling tool. My hair is very curly, and slightly on the coarse side. At first I was concerned that this could style or straighten my hair. So this brush is actually easy to use. Think of it as a heated paddle brush. First thing I noticed was the quality construction of the brush. Brush it's self is not heavy, but feels very comfortable in your hand. Used this brush in several ways, and way I had best success was first spraying my hair with a thermal protecting spray. Next make sure to brush or come my hair to make sure it's free of tangles. My hair is very curly, and often uncontrollable. Took small sections of my hair, and held my hair taught, and went down the length of my hair with the brush. First pass my hair became a loose curl. After the second pass my hair was straight. Love the bright temperature display on the handle. Thankfully the power, + & - buttons are high up enough your hand won't switch them. Oh there is also a lock setting which I like. Also tested this hair on my cousins wavy hair, and her hair straightened on the first pass. Noticed my hair has a nice shine to it after using this brush. It's very easy to use, and my brothers also like using it. A great product.  Disclosure: I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest, and fair product review.
190383	somewhat	Unfortunately they did not fit my loups but the other hygienist in my office had loups they fit perfectly on and she has been using it and loving it.
241904	informative	I would be giving this 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that I lost the last third of my bottle on a trip as the contents dripped out from under the rollerball and destroyed my make up bag and it's contents!! It was the first time I travelled with it, before that it just sat upright on the counter. I've never had a roller ball deo leak like this. Not happy about that at all especially with that price tag.  Be interesting to know if mine was just faulty or if anyone else experienced the leaking.
38024	informative	I first discovered this product in the worst stages of my TMJ pain issues. I had a very limited mouth opening, and just could not floss the majority of my teeth. This product was recommended to me as an alternative to flossing. It was a savior when I couldn't open my mouth. I could at least use this on the outside of my teeth if I couldn't floss or brush all the way. I was also told you could mix a little bit of mouth wash in with the water, and that worked really well.  Now that my TMJ symptoms are much improved, I still use this product on a daily basis. I prefer it to flossing and it seems more effective as well. This product is also amazing if you are a popcorn lover- it gets the kernels out better than any other way I've ever tried.  Every now and then there's a little water that leaks out, but other than that, this Waterpik has been great. It's not too noisy, the water reservoir holds more than enough water, and it's easy to keep clean. I highly recommend it!
168983	uninformative	Didn't see much if any difference..
253510	informative	I LOVE this elixir! You only need a small amount, like one or two squirts, but it smooths on so nicely and evenly that it completely covers the face and even neck. The smell is divine ! I use it under my regular moisturizer but one could use it alone. It's not greasy and soaks into the skin immediately. I can not recommend this product enough!
274026	uninformative	perfect
237125	somewhat	Lovely aroma, soft gentle soap.
98299	somewhat	I love this lipstick color. I kept debated whether or not to buy it and finally went for it one day. It is a nude/pinkish color. A natural looking hue. It also makes my lips look a bit fuller.
66816	informative	Do you have dark spots? Bruises? acne discolorations? Buy this now! It's only like $1. Trust me this will change your life. I realized I had a bruise on my arm the other day. I put this product on the bruise 3-4 times a day and now 3 days later its basically gone. I use this on a scar every other day and it has been fading as well.
41674	informative	This is my second one of the same model.  I love it.  Would recommend it to anyone.  Remington is the best
316166	somewhat	Exactly as described and came quickly to my house.
211553	uninformative	Perfect...
301457	informative	Love Samantha Brown!! I have all of her pieces of luggage as well as packing cubes. I would highly recommend all of her products. It is well made and makes your traveling easier.
270325	informative	I received a sample jar of this after sun body butter last summer when I purchased sunscreen.  I loved it!  I have been looking around my town to purchase it in a larger tub.  Amazon had it and for a good price.  The smell is of coconuts and it is a rich and smooth cream.  Perfect for after sunning or swimming.  It makes you feel like you are on vacation...even if you are not!
246474	uninformative	No tanning mitt
104592	somewhat	Product was exactly as describe and fast shipping.
268162	uninformative	ok
34700	uninformative	Excellent Product
235110	informative	I ended up getting this for free because I bought another item from Anjou. OMG am I glad I received this. I have sensitive skin and I am so happy with this product. I have recommended it to many friends it is that great. I have purchased this because it is so wonderful for my skin. You will not be unhappy with this product!
271437	uninformative	Amazing product
37495	somewhat	Outstanding performance and construction.  Much better than the previous model I owned.  The pulsing action is stronger and easier to control.
143979	somewhat	I have seen a great difference in my hair since using this product, i would totally reccommend  it thanks a lot
160906	informative	I have a cafe au lait macule basically a large brown birthmark that I have used many different products on to try and cover it. This is honestly the best product I have ever used. I have tried many different brands including dermablend and other heavy duty concealers. This is the first foundation that I have found that so closely matches my skin color that I do not have to blend it with any other colors for a natural appearance. Also, its application is so quick it saves me a significant amount of time as compared to any other heavy duty concealer I have tried. ***I only use this product to cover my birthmark. I don't apply foundation to my face, so this review applies to those who need spot coverage The key to using this product is as follows: 1) you must use a make up sponge. It does not work well with the silicone sponges. It does not work well if you use your fingers. 2) apply in layers if you have a darker area to cover. I apply a very light layer and blend it around my regular skin, wait a few seconds for it to dry, and then apply a little more directly on my birthmark. You do NOT need a lot of this product. It is highly concentrated. 3) you MUST set it with a setting powder (dermacol has one and it works just as well as the dermablend brand). If you do not set this foundation, it will crease and wipe off, leaving it appearing smudgy  I hope this review helps others who have searched  for full coverage foundation for hard to cover birthmarks.
172266	uninformative	Do not buy 3 way poncho. Rip off.
258026	informative	In my humble opinion, I would skip these.  I read about these on a beauty blog, Beauty Buffet, I think.  After a cgood review for a well-known nail tech (although I think she used the Milk & Honey), I decided I would pick them up for my at home spa manicures.  I'm so not impressed.  Although I do like the concept, these are tiny, about the size of a marble so you need a few for a manicure and about 15 for a nice pedicure.  The fragrance is clean, nothing spectacular and rather bland.  I think there are much better options out there.  However, one thing these do have going for them is the fact that they are not at all oily.  Other than that, nothing fab.
80497	uninformative	Very satisfied.
27797	informative	So this is my second shaver I bought first one was not a Phillips shaver it was actually CONAIR and it was bad it would hurt me when I shaved so for a while I would just use razors to shave but that was bad too, I didn't really cut myself all that much but my skin would just really hurt so I didn't like that so I tried this one and WOW AMAZING. Really nice shave doesn't hurt shaves very closely and skin doesn't irritate or anything just really really good. Everyone's skin is different however I highly recommend this.
115899	somewhat	Used them for work daily on my facial clients. Good quality
50818	informative	I have two elementary students who bite nails when they get stressed.  I have used this product before and it works really well!  Both kids have nicer nails and we have only been applying every other day for a week or two.  They put their fingers in their mouth much less. I couldn't be happier!  =)
106123	somewhat	I use this to make my laundry soap. It works great. Will buy again.
1194	uninformative	Yes very much
203769	informative	I've been looking for a new cleanser for a while and I happened upon this one. While this doesn't claim to clear up acne,it has helped improve my skin drastically! Within two uses,my skin felt softer and looked clearer than it has in months. It has such a nice green tea scent and very little does go a long way. I usually take about a pea sized amount and rub it in between my hands with a little bit of water to create the foaming effect and then apply it to my face. After massaging the product into my face for a while,I simply rinse and pat dry. It's not only gentle,but effective in even removing makeup. If you're looking for a new cleanser,you should give this one a go.
272082	informative	"These razors are great.  My husband has a really tough beard.  He has tried most every other brand.  None even compare to the shave he gets with these.  His face truely is ""smooth as a baby's behind"".... and they last and last!"
304705	uninformative	The product is working great.
74131	somewhat	received on time the norelco bg2030 but the shaving head was damaged, called norelco and they did mail new one for free
189264	informative	Color's match lipsticks well enough. However, it stains your lips. Makeup remover removes the lipstick and leaves a faint red line where this lip liner was drawn on. Can see the color bleeding into the little lines in your skin near your lips. Hard to completely get off. Hard enough to get off that you may end up irritating the skin around your lips from rubbing it off. Also, with the color selection being so diverse, I guarantee you that at least two or three will be completely useless. For me, it was the hot pink, bright poison-ish purple, and the two browns.
182755	informative	"I originally liked this product better than green tidings because it appeared to keep my armpits dry longer however this deodorant is lacking the ""sticky"" factor. It balls up under my armpits and little pieces fall off during the day. Also, after a few weeks my armpits looked discolored and started peeling."
270455	uninformative	Works great to hydrate my feet!
365372	uninformative	Excellent
46435	informative	Love this stuff.  Not only do my feet no longer smell, neither do my shoes.  I spray it on every morning, and yeah, it's a wet spray, but I just put my shoes and/or socks on right after I spray, and I'm good to go.
239779	somewhat	Love the scrub feels good on my body smells good to
22022	informative	I cannot comment on the soap itself as I cannot bring myself to take it out of its wrapper! I planned on using as a decorative soap anyway, and for that it looks good with my decor. It is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, and I wish it was bigger because it's so nice looking. A little pricey but I choose my decorative items carefully and conserve money in other areas, so I can splurge when something is a perfect accent. Yes, I'm a picky girl!
217457	informative	this thing is awful, my head and dreads aren't even that big but it was so tight, it gave me headaches.
516	somewhat	I got this to complete set of shaving stuffs for my husband and it is really great! Shipped as expected.
45701	informative	Bought this like 2 months ago, I guess its effective, don't really notice too much of a change. Just your average known brand. i recommend Simple though.
183667	uninformative	I did not use before I returned so I cannot review the product. I returned because I did not want a sponge made in China
297827	informative	I hate this combo, I use to buy goldwell for my highlights but this product it's nothing what I expected. Brass did it go a way but also leave a grease coat on the hair. Not recommended
195625	somewhat	This is my 2nd time ordering it because it is so cute.
2782	uninformative	Very nice stand
187730	informative	Worst think I've ever purchased on Amazon. I am a big fan of the Faceflex facial exerciser and thought, as absolutely ridiculous as this thing looks, that it might exercise other muscles of the face that my Faceflex doesn't reach. It's a giant pice of soft rubber that you can barely get in to your mouth and doesn't do a thing. Don't waster you money because if you chose to return it, it comes all the way from Japan, took a month to get here to the point that I even forgot I purchased it so I can't imagine how ridiculous returning it will be.
173734	somewhat	I can see it really works in my face
371330	uninformative	good enough
35471	somewhat	I am very pleased with this product and would definitely recommend it to others.  It is a very good product
35580	informative	Bought this Water Flosser few months ago. It is still working perfect. In order to keep it clean and running longer I empty the whole device and tank from water every time after I use it, till the last drop of water is gone. Love it and I would recommend to anyone who wants to buy it.
346041	informative	I actually LOVE this candle. It smells like fresh buttermilk biscuits and honey. But WHY IS THIS $75?!!!!! I bought this during the summer at TJ Maxx for $9.99! It is the same size. Are you people on crack?
78221	somewhat	strong smell, effective
12623	informative	Have ordered this brush a few times it is great but only lasts for a couple of years, as I use it everyday and the cord swivels and must break after a that length of time.  I am rating it a 5 because it is a great brush it just wears out with time.
156854	somewhat	bought these for my daughter...they are pretty but just know they are very very tiny
167875	uninformative	not compact style.
264174	informative	Swisa Beauty Facial Toner is so soothing. It smells great and is so gentle to the face. Amazon has the best price anywhere. Try it and you won't look for a better toner ever.
88037	somewhat	Very smooth shave without irritating the skin. The color of the shaver is more of a silver than blue as shown.
152479	somewhat	They fit okay and do the job.
61068	uninformative	Don't know, was a gift!
113103	somewhat	Highly recommend this product.
34452	uninformative	The best product,next to my skincare.
223092	somewhat	Working good so far...can't wait to try the pills with it
43854	informative	I love this smell, the reason i didn't give it five stars is because it is oily, but other then that I am happy. I haven't seen any difference when I go out on men hitting on me, but since I'm married that doesn't matter to me lol but when I wear it around my hubby he seems to be more handsy and attached lol
179724	somewhat	I really like this oil, the other oil I purchased caused me to itch but this doesn't itch at all. Love it
173527	uninformative	nice
22294	somewhat	This body wash is so concentrated and fragrant. It lathers beautifully and moisturizes.
13100	somewhat	Smells delicious and made my skin gloriously soft, the latter of which was a pleasant surprise.
24340	informative	The only reason I don't give a better review is for the fact that my lid to go over the wax was broken completely when it arrived. My girlfriend was very disappointed to see this as was I.
273663	somewhat	I love this scent.  Doesn't smell like cheap perfumes.  packaging was poor, fragrance bottle box was dented.
13386	informative	Oh man, how did I ever live without this product before I got it?  I am so glad I don't have to throw away nailpolishes now!  I can salvage most of the ones that got too thick to use and it's like getting a whole new polish!
250192	somewhat	My favorite moisturizer! Makes my face feel and so refreshed! Ive tried others, but they don't compare to this!
11370	somewhat	These blades worked as good as the original blades.  They were not cheap imitation blad,.I bought those before.
295503	somewhat	I love my bag. I'm a L&D RN and I use it everyday that I work... it carries ALL my 'stuff' that I might need during my day.
288184	somewhat	It wasn't as long as I needed it to be and I hoped it would have a few more dark hair to match the greying process more naturally.
322065	uninformative	Exactly what I needed!
293872	uninformative	good
72879	uninformative	Gift, recipient loved it.
229714	informative	I have curly hair, so finding a shampoo that's good for both my curly hair and dry scalp is extremely difficult. I have noticed that sulfate-free shampoo is less drying to my hair. This shampoo is sulfate-free. it has a slight medicinal scent. It has given me some relief, however, i do still experience some flaking and some itchiness, but not as much as other mainstream dandruff shampoos that i have tried. i used my regular curly hair conditioner after using this shampoo and my hair is shiny and healthy looking. If you have dandruff i definitely suggest giving this one a try. Disclaimer- I received a sample size bottle from Maple Holistics in exchange for an honest review. This in no way affected my opinion.
301442	somewhat	We tried several products and this was the best in preventing skin irritation or breakdown, so important in preventing ulcers. So far, it's been 100% effective.
361475	informative	What a value! This set includes all the things you need for an at home pedicure. My favorite thing included in this set is the special shaped clippers designed specifically for those pain in the toe ingrown toenails. These clippers make it very easy to remove those pesky ingrowns with no pain at all! Upon first use of the scraper I was afraid that it had fallen apart on me which left me a tad disappointed but later realized that it didn't fall apart, it was made with the intention of sliding open so that the dead skin that had been scrapped of could be easily removed from the inside of the tool. What a great remedy for the mess that would need to be otherwise fished out from inside the tool. This set is worth every penny.  What a value! This set includes all the things you need for an at home pedicure! The
31654	informative	I've been using this product for years and always will.  I can't find it in the stores anymore, though.  It shrinks my pores, smoothes my skin, exfoliates, gets rid of fine lines.  I'm 59 years old, with really great skin, in part because of this product.  Realy!
172216	informative	"I'm a 70+, small 5'5"", 128 lb woman that lives in tights and stylish tops. I've found this top to be extremely comfortable and versitle. It is very oversized to the point that I always belt it ( with a wide elastic belt) because it is large enough I feel like I could loose it and it needs to be anchored in place. I have put a wide strap sport bra under it and worn it off both shoulders for an evening look. I have draped the cowl in front and filled in the neckline with a coordinating scarf. I have draped the cowl to the back, put an interesting brooch on my shoulder, fastening the top to my bra strap to further anchor the top in place. Certainly the fabric is thin (thin drapes better than thick) and it will probably not be long lived but at $20 bucks I can afford to buy another when it starts to look shabby."
159299	uninformative	Didn't work.
73189	somewhat	Works prefectly well on everything I applied and washes out in the washer.  Excellent product.
160065	somewhat	Clean and revitalizing!
38666	informative	I had used waterpik a number of years ago and liked it, but started to use an electric brush.  Can't compare waterpik with any brush!  It cleans great, has a number of pics you can use.  I'm staying with this product.
189418	somewhat	Good for the price but they don't stay on as long as I'd like but still good for the price.
334537	somewhat	I really like this one its tight fit but that's good for me and looking for more items the same
302696	somewhat	These are absolutely worth buying they go one perfect and in seconds
50769	informative	Upon taking our 3 year old son to our family dentist for his first visit, the dental hygienist recommended Mavala Stop to help our son stop sucking his thumb.  She had used it on her preschooler, and it worked within a matter of days for her little one.  My husband and I were skeptic, but ready to try and have our son stop sucking his thumb (an ongoing habit since the age of 3 months).  Our Amazon order arrived promptly.  Once we opened the product our hesitation grew as it smelled just like nail polish/nail polish remover!  I thought to myself no way am I putting this liquid on my 3 year old's thumb nails.  Well, I went on to try it on my own thumb nails, and after sucking on them for a moment I began to instantly taste the bitterness.  I then thought how different would it be if my son had gotten a hold of my manicured/painted nails and decided to suck on them or take a bite ;-). Long story short, we don't know what exactly my son's taste buds tasted once he sucked his thumbs again, but we do know that after just one application at 5:00pm on a Monday night (April 28, 2014) he never sucked his thumbs again!!!!!  Just be aware that whatever your little one might be tasting, the initial experience is an intense dislike, but it works!  Results may very.  Do not apply on children younger than 3 years old.
247825	informative	does not fit my iPhone 6S+  Was hoping to use it to put my glasses and phone in.  However, I do use it for glasses and sunglasses on my night stand.
171513	uninformative	not my thing
279680	uninformative	Only hair product that works for me.
331811	uninformative	Best nail hardener I have ever tried.
284923	uninformative	Works great, thanks for offering this product in a large size :)
94964	informative	This product is one that I have used for many years. It stands up to wind and hot weather really well. It was delivered to my home earlier than what was estimated. I am very happy.
18653	uninformative	price is 17.00 too high.(free shipping!?, uh, its not really free)
171431	informative	This is another great Pantene product. I only use a conditioner when I have a new perm because they tend to dry out my hair, and this really helps.  My granddaughters have long hair.  They always use a conditioner, and this works great for them too.  The scent is pleasant and not overpowering.
293181	uninformative	Excellent
352190	somewhat	these eyebrows are what they show to be. next time tho i will buy the ones with hair. they do stay on for like 3 days.
350049	uninformative	Exactly what I expected.
54599	uninformative	Works
79588	somewhat	Coverage ok for mild blemishes but not for serious flaws.
170568	uninformative	Wife loves them
138314	informative	I ordered the light/medium brown and the actual color is very dark brown so while yes, technically it does cover grey roots the color difference alone will make this impossible to use unless I was to dye the rest of my hair dark brown.
72418	uninformative	passed my state board exam with it thats all that matters!!
238255	uninformative	It went on smooth then got sticky...
40639	informative	Well it was everything I expected - wish there was a bit more power but over all it has a good range. Multiple tips to change out with. The water tank I wish could hold more I usually need 2 fills make it all the way through my mouth. It can be messy but that's to be expected. Between my sonic care toothbrush and my water jet I can have the just left the dentist from a cleaning feeling which I love. It's great for getting food particles and such out from between your teeth and this is more fun and easier than flossing for me.
365239	uninformative	Really helpful s with fine lines and pores.
236220	somewhat	Got one free with a purchase of another product. Great product will order some more asap.
243056	informative	I have looked everywhere for a deodorant that works for me since i've always had a problem with sweating and occasional smell! I've been using Bali Secrets now for almost 2 weeks and it has HELPED ALOT!!! I can't give it 5 starts yet since it's so early on. I'll be back to provide more on my review but loving it so far!
317202	uninformative	I really like this fragrance.
261679	somewhat	nice smooth cream
92143	informative	Couldn't wait to throw away my old razor system after I tried. Recommended by the wire cutter and they were correct.
41939	informative	This razor works great once you get one that actually fully operates.  The first one I got, the trimmer did not work.  I returned it and the second one works great.  I really like the full width trimmer, when I don't shave over the weekend I just pop it up to the halfway mark and it gives me a great preshave.  I have a goatee and I have no problem using it to shape up.  I don't know why people complain about the trimmer being too big, it works fine for me.
207997	somewhat	LOVE this product!! Well worth the $.  Smells delicious and buttery, and leaves skin feeling that way!
89647	somewhat	Matte finish and DAY-LONG hold. If you don't mind the feel of product in your hair.. this stuff is GREAT.
285839	somewhat	I use this palette a lot and get so many compliments. Good mix of colors from shimmer to matte. They are long lasting too.
224363	informative	Ridiculous pricing. Got this at Macys for $22 along with the purchase of an acqua deo. The product is really great but i would not part with near $100 for a body wash. 4 stars for the product, but only 1 star for the ridiculous price.
212022	uninformative	Very nice.  Makes you feel beautiful.
309419	somewhat	I love the scent...it is my favorite of all time!! only wish it wasn't so expensive.
245245	uninformative	Good product
61942	informative	"I like to keep this in the house for when we have mouth ulcers.  My Grand Dad used this years ago and it has always been a good product, highly recommend it.  Service was ""excellent"" also."
281416	somewhat	only thing better would be a few more design selections, otherwise, these are a great idea for seasonal nail designs, very happy with purchase overall.
167498	somewhat	Exactly what the wife was looking for. She's been talking about looking for one for a long time and we knew Amazon was just the place to look.
61240	uninformative	Still getting used to it.  But so far so good.
345512	informative	I have been using PhenPhast Advanced for a week now and I definitely do see a difference in my appetite. The first day I really didn't notice anything different but the second day my appetite decreased. I cant say I wasn't hungry at meal times but I noticed I didn't snack between meals and late at night.   Then the third day I wasn't very hungry breakfast or lunch, but had a pretty good dinner. The next day I wasn't hungry at all & that has continued. I eat enough to keep my stomach from growling but I get full fast and stay full. I grab a snack from the fridge but realize I don't really want it & put it back. I have to remember to eat which hasn't happened to me in a really long time even on the busiest days.   NaturaPrime PhenFast Advanced comes in easy to swallow capsules that go down easily. I haven't noticed any unwelcome side effects and I don't have trouble sleeping. The bottle is stamped Made in USA so thats a welcome benefit.   When I read the label I was amazed at the perfect blend of ingredients that it contains. I have tried several of these separately but never blended together to such effectiveness. I hope the good effects continue as I have more confidence in this products formula than any I have tried previously or over the years.  Its no hardship to say this formula is really quite amazing. Definitely decreases the appetite & doesnt have any noticeable bad side effects.
329012	informative	These took a bit to arrive, but I generally don't mind seeing as they were a great price! They are JUST LIKE THE PICTURE! Very very cute, I have worn them 2 days now and they don't leave any green on my ear lobe like some other cheap earrings can tend to do. I would say if you are not in a hurry, totally worth the buy! Very feminine and pretty.
234368	informative	this stuff smells awesome!! my husband used to use dandruff shampoo for his beard because regular stuff makes his skin flakey and itchy :/ his skin is really sensitive. he loves this and he uses it in his eyebrows too ;) this is a great buy in a good sized bottle. it smells great and my husband loves it. we definitely recommend it! i did receive a discount.
102434	somewhat	I love it love it love it  the colors are just bright blend really good use the makeup brushes blend and you will look  wonderfull
45198	uninformative	Love the quick shipment. And the fact I was able to get all these different prices at a great deal compared to competitors.
251266	somewhat	First lipstick I tried came right off.  But I liked the colors so much I use one of other lipsticks sealer and they work fine.
327450	uninformative	great product...
242125	informative	I bought this looking for a natural deodorant that worked. Honestly, I don't care for the scent & it seems to be extremely messy when I use it. It drops out of the roller ball. It also does not seem to be effective for me as far as sweat or smell goes.
88701	somewhat	Bought it as a replacement for my kid's brush
261123	uninformative	Didn't work
7919	somewhat	not easy to handle not easy to clean
270347	somewhat	these are some very cheap bowls and they are too too small. You maybe can get a scoop of ice cream in them. Very dissatisfied with this product.
294351	informative	If you have smaller eyes and feel the other lashes are just too thick and long for you. You find yourself having to cut them, then this is the pair for you. Very dramatic and sexy look, I buy them over and over. Tip, use the rubber glue instead of the hard clear one, after the first use, put them up and reuse them a couple of more times by taking the dried rubber glue off. It will feel just as new on.
143113	somewhat	Love the way it looks on my skin. This is my second order.
156268	somewhat	It was originally a gift to my aunt for her nail salon, she said it worked well and was pleased with the product.
356317	somewhat	too small for a normal adult neck, flimsy material and did not self heat. If I could give 0 stars i would
262152	uninformative	Okay
243020	informative	"Took about two weeks to adjust to this, but now I am finding it works well and I like a lot.  Happy no aluminium in it.  Nice smell too.  It is ""wet"" going on, but dries well.  Will purchase again"
68318	somewhat	Smells great and you don't need a lot to keep you fresh, might be a bit pricey, but it's better than smelling like baby powder that's the alternative.. and the person who like it the most is my wife
154184	informative	Giant, Monster bubbles.  That is all.  The packing was interesting tho.  I did not receive a 32oz bottle, I received three 11oz bottles and a note ensuring me that I was receiving the full amount I ordered. I really couldn't care less if they shipped it to me in 32  1oz bottles, but I did find it funny that they felt they must explain to me that 11x3 > 32. (who knows maybe they have received complaints from people that can't multiply or add). Great product, and I got a chuckle out of the note. Would recommend.
296170	informative	It was too tight to unscrew the ball part of the barbell. I received two barbells but only one ball out of four was able to unscrew.
358085	informative	Beautiful crown but it's very heavy and though the other reviews show the band is flexible, this is pretty painful.  There was also a stone missing, which according to other reviews appears to be a problem with it as well.  If you can work it and reglue stones, it's quite awesome.  Going to have to return this one, though :(
145584	informative	The scent to this face wash is very strong and minty. However, this product is amazing and works wonderful. I have been using it on my nose mostly because that is my problem area for blackheads. The consistency of the wash is thick and has a little bit of granules. the bottle looks small but it is completely full and for the amount that you use it will last a good while. I have noticed a huge difference on my nose and will continue to use this. I did receive it a discounted price to review.
351239	somewhat	Sooner than expected and will continue to purchase ! Just placed another order
291908	informative	I needed this for my Winter Soldier Costume for Halloween and it turned out really well- that is, until I started dancing. The latex peeled off pretty easily since I was moving my arm around and bending my elbow, but it worked well for pictures and was pretty easy to use.
161507	uninformative	I purchased this to use in combination with other ingredients for a hair loss treatment. I just started using it as of yesterday. So, I don't have a success story yet!
63224	somewhat	Worthless. More trouble to send it back than worth of my time.
315880	informative	I had gotten a small sample of this color from Ulta and really liked it.  Apparently, it has been discontinued so I was glad to get it here on Amazon.  I REALLY like it but it seems like every cosmetic I like gets discontinued sooner or later ;)
176843	somewhat	If you wear hearing aids these are great for removing water after a shower.
137271	informative	Great product!  Works well. Covers until it is washed out.  You just have to get use to the sprayer.  I definitely recommend using before putting your good clothes on first as it can occasionally splatter even when you think you got it ok.  Great between hair coloring appointments.
254446	somewhat	It burned my eyes.
261008	uninformative	wish I could get more.
314873	somewhat	Love the smell!!
279993	somewhat	Like wearing chalk. No matter how intensive you try to rub into skin, it stays very white wherever you apply.
171604	uninformative	very thin
224464	informative	I find this product very suitable for all skin types. Mine is sensitive and I did not have any reaction to it. I want to try other products from this line. This essence comes in a very beautiful box that reminds me of some Greek old tiles, and it has a nice ribbon as a handle. The bottle is a bit heavy and beautifully crafted. Inside, this essence is so rich in elements that it more seems to me a serum, although in fact a serum and an essence are quite similar, the texture in an essence is lighter. I feel my skin absorbs very quickly this essence, leaving an aspect of cleanliness and brightness all over my face. My pores look smaller, little wrinkles are less visible and my overall skin aspect is satin and soft. Tremella Fuciformis is one of the ingredients of this formula, a fungus used in Asian cuisine, medicine and in Beauty. In beauty for its great capacity to add moisture and because its particles are smaller than hyaluronic acid, the assimilation by the dermis is faster and easier. Another component of this essence is Zanthoxylum Piperitum or Japanese Pepper with powerful antioxidant properties, therefore considered in beauty for its anti-aging elements. Plankton derivatives and a long series of components make this essence one of a kind. I have been using it for more than ten days and every time I do, my skin looks so bright and hydrated. This is perhaps the most visible effect of this essence in short term. In long term, I cannot say, because I would need at least three months of using it daily. But I have checked the list of ingredients at cosdna and there is no irritant or blemish prone element in its formula. All of them are considered non-irritants. This is why my skin being sensitive did not react badly to this essence. Being a line of products that has a curated formula, I hope the other products are also non-irritant , so as to be able to use them without adverse effects. I find this essence really great and I have introduced it to my Beauty Routine without problems. Since I have obtained this essence at at discounted price, I must note here that this review is only mine, that no one has advised me to write it in a way or another. And since I am very much into the world of Korean Skincare and Asian in general, I speak about what I know regarding this essence and the elements that conform its formula. I like it very much and I hope I will be able to buy the whole line soon.
194684	informative	This stuff is great for what I call shaky leg (aka restless leg syndrome) lol.  I just spray it on my feet and in a matter of a few minutes things calm down so I can sleep.  I had another brand of magnesium oil and it didn't work at all.  Love this stuff!!
129342	informative	I had to buy another waterpik because my previous from 15 yrs ago went caput! this one is just as good -- it cleans in between my teeth beautifully and I like the plaque fighting head the best
110346	somewhat	Fast shipping good value. works good on skin and lips
95400	uninformative	on time works well
100990	informative	I was extremely disappointed. It arrived as a liquid rather than a gel. I have been waiting for months to obtain this product only to have it arrive in poor quality. I had it carried to South America so there was no way to return it.
167114	informative	Not so good lipstick :( It is too dry. I usually prefer matte lipsticks and I don't like glossy ones but this is too dry even for me. It makes lips very sticky and this is not a pleasant feeling. Also color is much sharper than in picture.
362709	informative	Really disappointed. My light brown hair stayed a slightly muddier light brown. Only in bright sunlight was there a hint of blue to be seen, and that disappeared in a day or so.
204898	somewhat	I did not see any difference in the two weeks I used it except that it made my eyes itch.
68716	somewhat	Nice shaving bowl. Solid wood, nice finish. Pretty decent quality for the price.
284326	informative	The first time I used the soap was in a hotel and the fragrance was very strong.  However, I did not feel this soap had the same intensity.  I would not buy again.
332398	uninformative	great product!!!!!!!
213627	informative	These are irritating to my skin, which is very sensitive. I would not recommend or purchase this product or this brand again.
257656	somewhat	cleanness, wonderful smellness
339439	somewhat	My first Z pallet had to be the prettiest one! I'm so happy I finally got one, I needed one to put my MakeupGeek contour shades and GIRL, mini side review (they are incredible!!!!!) I also put the Anastsia contour pallet powders in aswell and its like the HOLY BIBLE of contouring
58510	informative	I'm not sure what the issue is with these cones, but they stop burning after just a few minutes.  Essentially they only burn about .25 inches before self-extinguishing.  I've been a huge fan of Super Hit for years and thought it would be a great idea to buy some in bulk...  Turns out, I probably should have just continued getting ripped-off for individual packets at my local crappy headshop.  At least they burn without interruption.  I wish that I could give this review less than one star, but Amazon has stuck me with having at least one star.  Whatever.  My assumption is that these were sitting on a shelf in a warehouse for years -or- perhaps they were defective to begin with and it made more sense to the company management to ditch them on unsuspecting online customers (most of whom I suspect, like myself, don't want to pay return shipping on a $17 purchase, thus being stuck with the faulty product).  In addition, I'd like to note that the package itself was damaged, which reenforced my belief that this was a rather vintage box of incense or defective in some way.  All that being said, I do want to note positively that shipping was timely.  That is unfortunately the only positive thing I have to write about this purchase.  I suppose my only sensible recourse at this stage is to discard the product and count it as a total loss.  Sigh.
154980	somewhat	these ones don't break like other generic ones
217058	uninformative	Waited for a long time but it was nice packages love the purple one.
84827	informative	have not tried many brands but out of these, derby and wilkinson sword, these are my favorite. I have a thick beard and get a week out of one blade and that is with doing 3-4 passes on each shave.  can not beat the price either. blades are very subjective so take this review for what its worth..
188665	informative	I don't get what all the fuss is. The other reviews got my hopes high and these were kinda meh. The colors were ok but it rubbed off almost immediately.  And they won't even let me return them. Boo.
79701	somewhat	I've tried a lot of products, from prescription to mail order. Nothing worked as well as the PosTvac. Easy to use and long lasting results.
239303	informative	Finally got my case yesterday. It says no sugar but you do taste some sweetness. It's best serve with ice to dilute the sweetness but overall a lot more tolerable than Redbull or Monster. I shared this drink with some of my family members and their first impression wasn't the greatest but then after a couple more sips, they actually like it. It's 'different' than most energy drink or even Gatorade. The only downside is the price. I imagine once they start selling in bricks and mortar stores, it'll be cheaper. Amazon really needs to work on inventory because this product keeps on getting sold out!
33594	uninformative	Perfect, perfect, perfect.
291686	somewhat	Not the color  I expected.  Too lite.  Threw it away
323546	uninformative	Flawless facial finishing powder!
185714	informative	great colour, the size is to big for me so it shifts frequently, had to take it in on the sides. It helps out a bit though. I was hoping it was the best thing since sliced bread but i guess i have to keep looking.
140571	uninformative	Great. Love them.
254141	somewhat	Really tight lids! I scratched the container trying to open the one  used. Good size for purse but not evening bag.
130049	uninformative	Was a gift to husband; he loves it!
150326	informative	This has been one of mine and my twin sisters favorite products from Diva Stuff!! A few years ago when we turned 26 (I think it was) we all of a sudden started having horrible acne outbreaks and some would just never go away. I started using Diva Stuff products about a year ago and it has done amazing things with my skin. I still struggle with the occasional outbreaks but as long as I use their face washes, scrubs, masks, and creams I hardly have any. I had tried everything before finding them including many many trips to the dermatologist and using their products that would burn and swell up my face. After struggling for so long I ended up having many scars and I had constant red blotches on both cheeks, this product has taken care of all of that and any that I have now are newer but my face still is not even close to what is was. I use this once daily and it lasts forever!
354987	informative	I have kind of dry skin but this products helps keeping my skin very natural. Also I like the smell of both skin and lotion. I would like to buy it again.
172590	uninformative	beautiful exactly what i wanted.
84366	somewhat	Blades for two years? For less than $15? Nice shave? Done deal
74965	somewhat	I got almost a mile of Dentotape, just in case they stop making it.
142487	informative	I'm disappointed in this purchase. The purpose of buying a bundle like this is to try different scents; unfortunately, as the slivers (and I do mean slivers; not one of them is wider than 1/4 inch) are all packed together they ALL smell intensely of patchouli and nothing else. Two stars awarded because it's probably good quality soap that will get me clean. Three deleted because the packaging defeats the purpose.
258072	informative	Good clean shampoo. Use small amount. Big lather! Good for organic natural ingredients. BUT it did not help my brittle hair. I've been using almost 3 months, and no improved moisture content.  Pricey, wish it worked.
439	somewhat	For having a place to keep my blade and cream brush it's perfect
82410	informative	Works great I get 3 or 4 shaves a blade at this rate all my blades will last a full yr
202059	uninformative	thanks
106621	informative	It makes my legs smooth and shaving rash free! It does everything is promises. i would and have recommended this product to friends.
367468	informative	You get what you pay for. Little rough on the skin and started falling apart after a little over a week of use. I wouldnt recommend.
47669	somewhat	The blade does it's job but once the actual blade is inserted it's flimsy while your using fix the problem
173972	somewhat	This is easily absorbable and I hope tightens up my face.
107423	informative	These brushes are awesome! They're not going to be the best quality but they work well for me. They're really soft and work great when putting makeup on. I'm happy I got them. Totally worth the price. For the shipping, it took make 2-3 weeks to get here but was estimated a little over a month. It did smell a little funny when I got them, but they have been in a package for a while. The only thing I'm not a big fan of on my first try was the blush brush. It didn't work the way I wanted it too but I had another one I used to help even it out. I think once I get used to the brush then I will have an easier time worming with it. Other than that, I love it!
309855	uninformative	Absolutely love this mascara.  Great product.
203814	somewhat	If you're someone who loves that extreme perfume smell then great, but it was too overwhelming for me. The product is really nice and lightweight though, and perfect especially since the summer time is coming up. Other than the smell, it's incredible!
336312	uninformative	As described
68132	informative	This is my fav deodorant. It's very effective and doesn't leave a messy residue, it's clear gel. It takes a few minutes to dry and then you're good to go.
247742	informative	"Delivered quickly, these are terrific at keeping my studs firmly in place.  I use them on my screw back diamonds.  Bonus is the backs measure about 10mm, so they address the dreaded ""earring droop"".  However, I placed the second pair (comes with 2 sets) on my secondary piercing studs, which have a small indentation at the end of the posts. They are now stuck on!  So, a helpful product, but BEWARE."
246729	informative	The package is beyond kawaii!!!! I love it so much, theres a hook for your spoon or a spoon little holder from the lid-very convenient. I haven't use it yet, hope it works on me.. the scent is light & comfy. I don't see much boba compares to the strawberry one but its okie. Overall, im very satisfied
352082	uninformative	love the cologne. it arrive sooner. thanks
226052	somewhat	good grippe and feel good on my head.
352758	informative	recently received this fab product. i use it nightly as a facial serum before night cream.  i will continue to purchase this product. by the by...no one gave me anything to review this.
10248	somewhat	Been using this brand for years. My scalp and hair love it whether I'm living in Calofornia or Hawaii. Good quality hair products!
304521	somewhat	Very hydrate and smooth...the best so far....
110508	informative	My kid has dry skin condition which gets really bad in winter. We try different lotions; some more effective than others. This Aquaphor Advanced Therapy does its job. The lotion has the moisturizing properties for a dry skin without being oily. You have to repeat the applications based on skin dryness; works well if applied right after shower. The fragrance/smell is pleasant without being over-whelming. Have used it for a few weeks now; so far so good.
25689	uninformative	Aren't you glad you use MintAssure? Don't you wish everybody did? Especially your boyfriend, the guy next to you on the train, etc. etc.
365004	somewhat	I tried one, it was way too harsh for my skin, I had to use the rest for dishes instead of wasting them.
159330	informative	it has not done what it said it would.  I have been using it for 5 weeks and not much change on the brown spots
128598	somewhat	Bought this after a total mouth restoration. If flossing hurts, give this a try! Works great!
236410	somewhat	Worth zero stars. As previous reviewers stated, this is just gloppy glue in a bottle. It does not peel off as described. Demanding a refund and reporting this seller.
193939	somewhat	I didnl;t think i would like this soap at first...but must admit..i came to like it very much after a few tines in the shower!!
136199	informative	The new model IS quieter but at its most powerful setting it has less oomph.  Also, at times, one must push down a bit on the water container so that the water is released into the pump.
172108	uninformative	good stuff
213965	somewhat	The blades seemed dull during the first use and it takes several slides across the surface to remove hair. Pretty disappointed.
158044	somewhat	Comfortable to wear.  I don't have a problem with them getting the way as I polish
121016	informative	From the photo it looks kind big and like it would have alot of gems but it really doesn't. It came sooner then expected and while I do like it for the price, I have a feeling I'll run out quick but I'd buy more from this seller.
216172	somewhat	Perfect size for making little girl hair bows. Will definitely buy again.
297895	somewhat	My son loves them.. They look great on.. Cool color pattern
287464	uninformative	gets job done
317276	uninformative	Was a gift. It was liked!
227863	uninformative	too soon to tell if the product does what it claim to do
187045	informative	Much better than the typical scrubby. Just the right amount of abrasiveness to feel like you are getting a decent exfoliation without being too scratchy. Creates a good lather. Another benefit is there is no hard plastic parts like a lot of scrubbers have that end up scratching your skin. So far it is holding up well. So far it's my favorite scrubby, and I've gone through numerous types.
106521	uninformative	This is the only one that worked and I real do like the product.
161894	informative	I can't express how much I love this product.  It goes on light so I can build layers to get the coverage I need, but I rarely have to put a second layer on.  It covers enough to even everything out, but not so much that I look monochromatic.  The feeling that is left on my skin is always light, I don't feel clogged or smothered, even when it is humid.  Also, it leaves a power feel behind and does not leave residue when I hug my husband or mark up his shirts.
83436	informative	They are a great substitute for the Derby brand blade sample that came with the DE razor I bought. Much sharper. The only thing is you can't drag them past 3 shaves. But you shouldn't be cheap like me. This is already as cheap as it comes. This will definitely last me around 2 years or so.
137690	uninformative	wonderful. I use it all the time.
216574	uninformative	ok
30286	somewhat	I loved this product. I wish it came in a bigger size.  The scrub cleaned very well, left my skin extremely soft and the smell was divine. And, the tingly, menthol like feeling after rinsing was also a pleasant surprise.
304707	uninformative	http://healthylivingwithlisa.myitworks.com/shop/ Please purchase from an authorized distributor. Everything has expiration dates and these are way ever priced. Lisa ldanbert@comcast.net
207698	somewhat	Hard to blend and very waxy consistancy
128835	informative	I didn't buy this machine from Amazon but I wanted to comment on its performance.  I really like that it comes with several attachments and it's easy to use.  However, I've had to replace the handle on this machine twice in 1.5 years because for some reason the button gets stuck or it crimps the hose and the hose won't open back up.  Not sure what the problem is but I am very tired of expensive shoddy products.  When it works, it is great.  Once this new handle ( which can be purchased here on amazon) fails, I will consider a new alternative...perhaps Viajet.
87477	informative	I love this product! I am not asian and it works great. I have not been able to find a product to cover up my inperfections on my face and this one covers it 90%. Would definately reccommend!!
368574	somewhat	Gave this to my sister. Was dissatisfied, not worth the hype
66422	informative	Works like it always has. Four stars because too much comes out of top due to the hole size and a bit watery going through your fingers, so a mess if not careful. However, it does improve the shave over dry. Leaves face refreshed and not raw.
233809	somewhat	Didn't notice any difference on my face
369617	somewhat	Good size and quality for price.
86160	informative	I love these for lay down beds! They don't leave any tan lines. I was so tired of covering up my tan lines with makeup. These are great if you don't move around too much in the tanning bed
113030	uninformative	Love this silky feeling lotion. :)
8394	somewhat	Worked pretty well but need to go over areas several times to get good shave.
202614	uninformative	Love it
86	informative	These are pretty and solid.  I was slightly disappointed that they weren't the same and of the same quality as the ones I got from Reed and Barton for my wedding 28 years ago... but they also are much less expensive.  A solid buy for the price.
47252	informative	I'm a side sleeper and stomach sleeper and large breasted so I suffer from deep wrinkles on my chest. I feel like I'm way to young to have these wrinkles!! Anyway, I tried this product and it really works. After a few times wearing it my wrinkles were completely gone. You have to keep using it though or the wrinkles come right back. I'm now ordering my 2nd one as I've worn out the stickiness on the first one. I tried to wash it with mild soap but it didn't retain it's original stick. So it's time to invest in a new one and I'm happy to do so.
30385	uninformative	its my fav! product as expected
70532	informative	I hate shaving, Nair barely works, waxing is too messy, and I was unimpressed with a women's foil shaver I tried a number of years ago. I looked all over for information about women using men's shavers, and was largely unsuccessful. But I decided to give this shaver a shot, mostly because of the low cost and decent rating.  This shaver turned out to be an excellent decision. Pros and cons are as follows:  PRO: 1. Can be used while plugged in, so there are no worries about the battery dying while shaving a large area. 2. Does not have to be used in the shower, which allows one to save the cost of heating water, and also allows one to get into a more comfortable position while shaving difficult areas. 3. Very close shave. I was not impressed the first time, after shaving 3 weeks (!) worth of hair off my legs. Subsequent shaves were as close and smooth as if I used a razor. 4. Not noisy. It doesn't sound like I'm using a cheap vibrator while I shave my legs! 5. Significantly cheaper than regularly purchasing overpriced razors.  CON: 1. Takes a little bit longer than using a regular razor - maybe an extra 10 minutes. I don't mind, though, as I can shave anytime, rather than just when I'm already taking a shower. 2. Misses little hairs here and there. It's not like a razor, and it does require going over certain areas a couple of times to get all the hair.  I also shave my arms, and for some odd reason, this does not perform nearly as well on arms as it does on legs. But shaving my arms is not as big a hassle in the shower, so it's not an issue that affects my opinion of this product.
192743	informative	Mirabelle - This wonderfully scented soap is creamy and lathers profusely.  I found the scent to be reminiscent of flowers, perhaps sweet Thomas or some other flower with softer noted.  It is mildly scented compared to other soaps from this brand, so those who are sensitive to strong smells need not worry.  This smells fresh without being overpowering.  It leaves my skin soft and clean.  The only negative is the packaging.  It comes wrapped in clear plastic so if you want to give this as a gift I suggest taking it out of the plastic wrap and tying it with raffia to dress it up.  If its just for you, then just unwrap and enjoy!  Update - Because I love this brand so much, I also ordered the mint.  Like all the Pre de Provence soaps it lathers beautifully and leaves my skin soft.  I had high expectations for this scent, and was hoping for something invigorating to wake me up in the mornings.  This particular scent is so mild that it didn't have the effect I was hoping for.  The leaves that are in the bar of quite soft and do not provide any type of exfoliation, if that is important to you.  If you are looking for a very mild mint scent then this will make you happy.  If you are looking for a strongly scented mint soap then you should skip this.
321278	uninformative	Love it and smells great !
9332	informative	Works good so far.  I like a close shave so I have just removed the gauge and use just the trimmer blades.  Quiet too.
272489	somewhat	Great conditioner. Really smooths away the frizz.
52249	uninformative	GREAT relief!
311290	informative	Perfect.  Just what my wife was hoping for.  Matches the other Swarovski bracelets in size, and shape.  Great for the price.
85924	informative	I am not satisfied with these blades.  I still have a stubble after I shave.  They are not sharp.  Also, they come in paper boxes with no where to store your used blades.  I had Derby blades before and they are much better.  They have a plastic container that holds the blades and also it stores the used blades safely.
151896	informative	this item broke when we were trying it on! very cheap!!
52988	somewhat	Not complete tangle free, but works well.
8886	informative	This little trimmer helps you keep your pubic hedges nice and neat. It has several different lengths for trimming - I use the shortest setting and haven't gotten razor burn or experienced any discomfort while using it. It's very easy to use, it's easy to take apart for cleaning, and it's pretty quiet. I absolutely recommend this to anyone (guy or gal) who wants to stay tidy down there.
252161	somewhat	Love this charm so much! Looks just like the picture. I highly recommend!!
20748	uninformative	So smooth
200883	uninformative	Great
9980	informative	Very pleased with Uhuru Naturals Hair Growth Shampoo.  It stopped my hair loss, and adds volume.  My hair has even developed waves that it never had before, plus it's soft and silky. I'll certainly buy more of this excellent shampoo when I finish the bottle I have now.  I've already recommended it to friends. This shampoo is gentle to my baby fine hair and leaves it really clean.
64736	somewhat	Great non toxic way to shave.  Husband loves it, leaves your skin soft and it does dry it up. Love it
57795	somewhat	great price, item works good
280967	informative	The eyelashes I received from Glam I Remy are really nice, soft yet durable. They accented my face very nicely, would buy them again.
72997	informative	The name of the product is exactly what this will make your thigh highs do: STAY. I used this for my last costume, and my thigh highs didn't budge. The only disadvantage is some of the sock's color will be stuck in the glue, which makes me a bit wary of this for any thigh highs that are not made of sock material (ex:nylon ones), I think this might rip them. But for sock based thigh highs, this is amazing!
275975	uninformative	Top quality, nice...
26823	informative	I just bought this last weekend, and it is pretty handy.  It does work very well on thick course hair (back, legs, arms and chest) but not so much on fine hair (knuckles, feet) and may require a few passes for those.  I was surprised at how well this worked on my back, at least in the places I could reach.  I love using it in the shower and it is a snap to clean.  One complaint, there is no extension to get to those hard to reach places like some similar products I have seen.  Over all I like it though.
217499	somewhat	Beautiful. I can't wait to wear it on my wedding day.
240899	informative	This is a pretty good deodorant, it lasts about 6 hours without starting to smell horrible. Better than any natural deodorant I have tried from the health store and Ive tried a ton. Negatives - It burns like all heck and gives me a rash if I use it too many days in a row. If it lasted longer and didn't hurt, it would be perfect. Customer service is incredible. Really the best customer service Ive ever received from a company. Only other natural deodorant thats better than this is Native.
223330	informative	I LOVE this product. Combined with squats and following the directions, it's only been a few weeks and I'm already noticing a more round backside. Now most would say that it's the squats that are forming my behind, but I've done squats for months on end with barely any result. Booty Magic really does work and I'm so glad that I chose this product. Smells awesome too. No sticky residue.
187601	uninformative	nice
111879	informative	"Great big tub for less on amazon gotta love it. My doc was okay with putting this on my baby any time. This is the same as baby aquaphor!! They just put ""baby"" on the tub so it can get shelved with with baby stuff and easier to find.. Basically another ""brand""."
197233	informative	I love Lasplashcosmetics, I was introduced to them by a fellow makeup Artist. And I would say how satisfied I am, Vibrant Colors, Great staying power, mine lasted all day with no touch up, and it's not drying on the lips like the shade RAVEN CLAW...and the application is very smooth and it almost glides on your lips...Lasplashcosmetics are jus Georgeous  @themichellejmillington
366239	uninformative	Large lovely ring. Excellent piece of costume jewelry
298761	somewhat	I use this toner every morning to wake up and prep my skin for all that follows. Truly smells like a million crushed roses.
307202	somewhat	One of the wires was broken so they were useless.
188538	somewhat	outlines my lips great. Very smooth and creamy.
263261	informative	"I had purchased this product before, in a local store, and had been happy with it.  Pleasant scent.  Left my skin soft.  With that store now out of business, I repurchased here on Amazon.  I don't know if I received an ""off"" product or if the brand has changed the formula on this product, but I was really put off by the scent.  The prior time I had used this product, I really liked the scent.  The one I received on Amazon had a very different, unpleasant scent.  The product still works pretty well so I'm giving it an ""okay"" three stars, but the scent is just terrible compared to what it was.  I'm finding myself mixing it with a fragranced bodywash to try to mask the unpleasantness while still getting the benefit of the product. I will not repurchase after my container is done."
241189	uninformative	Good product
319931	uninformative	This is and has always been the best product.
365221	informative	I don't think I'll ever try another oil cleanser. This stuff is awesome. I was initially worried about double cleansing because I have an oily t-zone and didn't know how my skin would do with an oil cleanser. This stuff takes all the makeup and gunk from the day off without being too heavy. So happy with it.
306043	informative	The color is more of a  muddy pink. Like if you took a slitty hotter pink and mixed in a bit of grey-ish brown, that's what it looks like. That may sound unappealing but it's quite nice. Not really my style but still pretty. It does get a little messy though so you have to be careful.
318275	somewhat	This is my favorite pick-me-up lippy. It doesn't make my lips dry and is quite long-lasting.
305476	informative	After looking at the ingredients, I figured this would be a good product, but I LOVE it!  The texture is really smooth at room temp.  If my house gets a little bit cold, there's a slight grittiness, but it smooths out when applied.  It has a light, pleasant scent.  I think one review said it smelled really strongly like tea tree oil, but that was not my experience.  I've been using it for lip gloss and there is no taste.  I also put it on my knuckles which tend to break open and bleed a little during the colder months.  It seems to have helped that as well.
22677	informative	I can't believe all the positive reviews here. I'm rating it 1 star because this product has 2 major problems: no matter what I did, the trays did not fit the shape of my teeth. That's a problem because the whole point of using a whitening tray instead of strips is they're supposed to fit tightly so you can get the gel exposed to all teeth surfaces. The second problem is there's simply very little whitening gel inside each tray making it very difficult to cover all upper or lower teeth. Realizing these major shortcomings, Aquafresh has discontinued making this product, which is why the expiration date is Sept. 2015.
158540	somewhat	Quite effective, thank you! Came in on time.
191706	informative	My feelings here are kinda mixed... Nice size bar for the price, but I won't repurchase this almond one its way to much scrub for me, it hurts. Another  big con here is Idk whats in this soap it comes in just clear wrapping no label or ingredients, nothing.
2981	uninformative	No complaints.
9618	informative	I've gone through three beard trimmers in the past few years, and the Norelco 990 is - after two weeks of use - certainly better than the rest in performance, and equal to the best (the Panasonic) in quality. The adjustment ring is easy-to-use and well-designed, and the swiveling comb/guard above the blades is an excellent design enhancement.  The trimmer cuts smoothly, consistently and evenly.  That you can use this trimmer in either corded or cordless mode is a very big asset.  The carrying case is a nice plus as well. My only complaint is the pop-up trimmer, which is awkward to engage and seems a bit flimsy.  It works fairly well but is not as easy to use as the pop-up trimmers on the Norelco rotary shavers. So far, I've used this trimmer every other day for two weeks on a single charge, and the LED shows that the batteries are still three-quarters charged.  This translates to two months on a single charge for me, and that would be excellent. I'd say it's safe to spend the extra bucks for this model; it's apparently worth it.
1448	informative	Very nice shave stand. Bought it for my husband because it was a struggle to keep his safety razor and brush in good shape on our tiny master bedroom vanity. It looks nice on the vanity, it's solid, and it does exactly what it's supposed to. He is very happy with it, so I'm happy too.
23485	informative	I have been everywhere to try and get this item. Should have known fromthestart to go to Amazon!  I orderd 2 and they are just what I wanted. Needed them for use with  my Gold Bond!
162436	informative	I use this as a base. It does go on very smoothly, and it doesn't sit in fine lines, which is my favorite feature of the product. Not oily, light on pigmentation. You'll notice this if you use fingertips to apply, then wash or wipe with a tissue. Very little color transfer. For all these reasons, it's a good primer for your foundation.  Just FYI, this product is NOT for someone looking to cover major discolorations, like acne scarring or rosacea. I would say it offers light to barely-medium coverage.
237561	uninformative	Great product!
348996	uninformative	It does not work
104335	informative	"Was really optimistic about this product because I HATE having greasy hands after applying sunscreen. I brought this on our 2-week vacation in the Bahamas and after just a couple days I ended up switching back to the regular Neutrogena sunscreen that gets rubbed in. Unless you rub it in, this stuff leaves a greasy feeling on your skin and I found that if you are reapplying every few hours it starts building up into this greasy layer that feels vaseline. (Eeewww) Kind of defeats the purpose of having a ""no hands"" applicator."
227871	somewhat	Wish that I had been able to use the cream. Pump was broken. Returned for full refund.
274137	uninformative	nothing smells as good as Bond.
29132	informative	I have bought alot of other cheap & name brand trimmers/shavers in past but at so less price got this trimmer. It did work amazingly well, corded & cordless rechargeable battery (preinstalled) came with a good surprise. Good battery life as well, easy to work with. Would definitely recommend it to anybody, I am an anti-brand name guy but liked this product quite well.
262251	informative	This was my Christmas gift to my husband, whom usually is hard to please.  This was a pleasant surprise for him.  We visited hot spring spa in Japan for few times.  They are particularly useful during unusually cold winter in Houston this year...it seems colder every year recently....so I might get 2 of them next year.  I secretly used one package one night and had a wonderful bath with authentic Japanese Onsen (hot spring) smell, colour and effect(!).  Powder melted quickly and heavenly.  It soothed my mind and smoothed my aging skin.
361457	somewhat	Helps me stay off sugar and still have a treat!
173649	somewhat	I'm really liking this serum. My skin already looks firmer and I haven't been using it long.
179238	uninformative	It's OK
362922	somewhat	I love this product. It is light with a nice tint and great smell.
263285	somewhat	Really like this stuff. Great moisturizer. It is a bit pricey, but works well for me.
91482	somewhat	Smells good-don't know about the protection part.
41589	informative	I bought this shaver to replace one I had for many years. I have tried other electric shavers along the way ( I'm over 60) and always come back to this model. It gives me best shave and best durability. Change the blades and foil every 4 months. If you've never used electric, allow time for your face to adjust to this style of shaving. This model more expensive than others, but well worth the investment.
20626	somewhat	Love this body wash. Wouldn't use anything else. Will order again from this site.
287671	informative	It's full and thick. It's not shiny. The color is like the picture. However, the cut is not as pretty as the picture. The wig in the picture must been styled. It looks like a costume wig. it's looks very unatural. It's not worth $40 what I paid. This should be a typical $20 wig. The worst is the cap is on the small side. What a waste of money. It's not worth returning overseas seller.
53084	uninformative	Great
162200	informative	I love this product. It is so natural looking on your skin. I find it gives better coverage than most tinted moisturizers.
302746	informative	I love this product. Even though u cant tell it's working right away, within a few days your feet begin to peel like snake skin.  After a few days of peeling your feet are so smooth and perfect  This product is amazing.
290942	uninformative	Neat little tool kit for rc cars. Very cheaply made though.
163762	informative	"I've read the reviews before purchasing and checked out the Noyah's website. It appears the colors burlesque and latte love pictures are swapped. So I got the color ""Latte Love"" because its the color I want on the Noyah's website. I got the correct one and I am so glad because its so pretty! Goes on smooth and creamy very natural color. I am a sucker for packaging and it is cute. You do have to reapply often just like any lipgloss and it doesn't leave your lips dry. Also no weird smells yay!"
251058	somewhat	This cable worked as advertised and works for data too
256600	informative	This is the only 'hair gunk' my husband will use. Unfortunately we can no longer find it in the store. Thankfully we can still buy it online. He loves it, it's light and yet does it's job. Highly recommend.
193151	somewhat	This soap is very nice! Smells great and feels very nice too.
352054	somewhat	It was exactly as expected at a great price
351553	informative	I would have given this a 4 or 5 star review. Unfortunately I had to return the hair as it had dirty gummy residue on some ends and near the top where bundled. I have never received hair like this in the past. Other than this problem the hair looked ok. Unfortunately my appointment for braiding does not allow for time to receive a replacement. This may be one of those products that is best to source locally so you can see the condition and quality prior to purchase.  Shipping was fast and great! Just wish the product was in better condition, I would rather be leaving a 5 star review. I hate to leave negative feedback, but this is an honest review, hopefully this is an rare exception for this product.
177019	uninformative	I love this.
312942	somewhat	Not the most comfortable ear cuff but for the price and what's made out of it is actually Is a  very nice looking cuff.
310641	somewhat	"Works, although anything other than ""on"" is too hot. Cheap plastic look. Has created a burn ring on the desktop."
233704	informative	My new go to sunscreen. No stinging in the eyes or runny nose from allergic reactions to the chemicals in other sunscreens.  I have olive skin that tans easily so you can hardly see the color, just a nice, more even tone on the face.  A little goes a long way and it goes on so smoothly, no chalky residue in spite of its great coverage.  Another reviewer mentioned a foul smell. That wasn't my experience at all.
290823	somewhat	Have a show dog and this worked great to get the yellow out of his neck coat
5004	uninformative	Unfortunately, I ordered the wrong type. I purchased them for my father. So I sent them back. Amazon refunded my money right away and I reordered the correct heads. No problem!
272805	uninformative	very happy with item.
1854	somewhat	Quality piece.  Given as a gift and recipient most pleased.
199635	uninformative	Thank you
162678	informative	I switched from my tried and true Sephora makeup and primer that I've been using for years to try this. I have to say, I'm SHOCKED by how well it functions as a primer, foundation and moisturizer. It's a miracle! I'm 38, so iI do need some coverage, and I was nervous that this would be a little skimpy on that front. However, it does it all. I'm excited to go through the summer with something that has a high SPF, and is not going to be cakey and thick. I'm a bit of a prima-donna fashion and makeup wise, so trust me, if I am endorsing this, it's pretty damned good.
342047	uninformative	Great product
268106	somewhat	This is not Three Kings pontifical blend. It is some sort of house pontifical blend.  It has huge pieces of spent charcoal mixed in and smells like an acrid campfire.
266748	informative	this is a very light weight curling iron and so it is great for use at home or while traveling,the brush part makes it easier to do my hair when it is slightly damp and needs a little body. it was well packaged and shipped promptly
225471	somewhat	somewhatworks. Not a great tool, but it's ok. I still needed to use my flat iron after using the brush. No bueno!!!
179635	somewhat	Pretty impressed with this product. It has been pretty cold here in Hawaii (56 degrees F) and has kept my hands warm when we went camping. i would definitely buy this again!
243201	informative	Just purchased my second bottle. I cant believe how long the first one lasted!  The first one was original essence and I loved the smell just wanted to try the rose this time. The true test will be this summer but so far the last few months have held up perfectly in the Florida weather!
70029	informative	Philips Norelco 7340 is very nice and easy to use, easy to clean, shaving very thoroughly. Amazon delivery soon, parcel packaging is also very good. I will often go to the amazon to shopping.
10855	uninformative	great product.
199813	uninformative	i love this product it's amazing!
160969	somewhat	Product is fake... I have the original and compared the two formulas and this is definitely a knock-off
282585	uninformative	Perf4ct for the price.
330197	informative	Exactly what I was looking for. They come very long so you can trim them to size. Perfect for nail art. Great for the price! Only thing is the sizes are off but I can make it work
124965	informative	"Growing up, my dad always told me that there are no sure things in life. For the most part, he was right, but my dad also didn't have Sure F*** cologne when he was my age.  It's no secret that a woman's olfactory perception is heightened by certain smells. Have you ever seen a chick when she gets a whiff of chocolate? It's like a pack of hyenas circling a wounded zebra. Well, that's how women act around a man wearing Sure F*** cologne.  And by ""a man"" I mean me.  For years, I went out to the clubs armed with nothing but hair gel and self-tanner lotion, but it wasn't enough. After numerous failed attempts with other colognes, I finally settled on Sure F*** after a recommendation from a coworker.  The first time I wore Sure F*** out in the wild, I applied a liberal coating -- upstairs and downstairs... if you know what I mean. I couldn't keep track of all the compliments I was getting from the ladies on the dance floor. Like: ""Are you wearing cologne?"" and ""Are you the guy wearing all that cologne?""  Woah! Settle down, ladies, there's plenty of chatchi to go around!  It was INSANE! The chicks were surrounding me -- pointing and whispering to their friends. Surely discussing which one wanted to bang me the most. The cool, fresh and manly aroma is not at all overpowering. The best part is when you give a girl your shirt to wear, it's guaranteed to smell like Sure F*** even weeks later -- no matter how many times you wash the shirt -- so that girl will never forgot your name the next time she's in the mood to get down. It's the perfect bouquet to ensure that the ladies are handing their numbers (and their panties) over to you, and not some clown wearing Drakkar Noir.  Believe me when I say that this stuff is like testosterone in a bottle. I'm hardly the world's most f***able man, but with a bottle of Sure F*** in my arsenal, I'm sure to get, well... f***ed any day now.  P.S. While I'm not what you'd call a ""condom-wearer,"" I do appreciate the FREE Sure F*** condom that came with my order. A classy touch."
165679	somewhat	Cheap material, nice fit
234285	somewhat	I love the product. It leaves my beard feeling clean and soft.
297373	informative	These are developed for taking tests, but they also make a good carpenter's pencil (although not as versitile).  I think they would also make a good calligraphy pencil if sharpened properly.
210739	informative	This was my first time using a nail stamp and although my stamps were not good at all, this product seemed to work well.  However, I did use a credit card instead of the attachment to swipe.  It just seemed to be to thick and removed all the nail polish.
44975	somewhat	The dropper does NOT fit on this bottle!!!
111468	somewhat	It is obviously a heavy duty ointment....works great takes forever to soak in..
326174	uninformative	I don't care for how it lays on top of the skin instead of being absorbed!!
304141	informative	Just received it, and am surprised to find not just sheers, but a whole kit! Well worth the wait and the price. Only problem is the finger holes in the sheers are way small. Made for tiny lady fingers.
75370	somewhat	Delivered within a few days and very easy to use.  My hair is softer and more manageable.
148727	informative	Great for helping to tighten skin (when your already lean).  This product works excellent but you need to be pretty lean for it to be most effective.  If your body fat is high and your not exercising or watching your diet do not expect miracles.
59702	somewhat	I generally use only Sonicare but love this one on travels.  It is easy to hold and just the right amount of firmness.
188501	informative	I got these lip liners last year, super beautiful colors, long lasting didn't dry my lips. Highly recommended.
85922	somewhat	Considering the good quality and amount for the price it's a very good deal. I get a weeks worth of shaves per blade.
147878	informative	I lovee the color of this lip tint! I was hesitant of buying this, since I'm kinda dark, but I look great with it! It is kinda tough to push out the substance tint from the tube.
147937	somewhat	comfortable, serves the purpose, not bulky, can be used inside a tennis shoe
309186	somewhat	Use it every day for a couple of years- helps a lot with dry facial skin.
52133	informative	I bought this for my sister's birthday party. As soon as we got it out of the box it was crooked, I tried to bend it into place and it snapped on one side. It is very pretty and a good value for the price.
15521	informative	I have the most sensitive skin in the world...I break out in rashes if I use something new to the point it looks like I have some sort of disease. It's really terrible. But this stuff is great. I love the smell of it, I completely trust the ingredients, it doesn't dry out my skin...it's one of my beauty products I can't live without. If you have sensitive skin, or acne, or anything like that, try this stuff as a toner. I put it on when I get out of the shower and then apply moisturizer. You will love it!
310819	uninformative	perfect love it
257834	informative	"I LOVE THIS STUFF! my skin was transformed into the perfect canvas for my tinted mositurizer! Goodbye enlarged pores! Adios fine lines (noticably diminishes appearance of the forehead ""worry lines"". Prevents makeup from ""sitting"" on the top of your skin when you may be a bit dehydrated. IT'S AVAILABLE AGAIN! AND BETTER THAN EVER - sharing the email I just received from Joey today:  ""We have just finished reformulating our Quick Results Collection which includes Correct-A-Line.  We added long-term anti-aging benefits to the quick results you already love.  It is currently only available directly from us.  Since the product was just released we do not have any samples available.  Any that you are finding online are over 2 years old and I cannot guarantee the effectiveness of the ingredients at that point.  You can place your order via email or phone.  If you prefer to order via phone, please send me your contact information and best time to reach you.  Thank you for your interest in our products and we look forward to taking care of your beauty needs.  Best Regards,  Jennifer Ellis Account Executive Joey New York [...] jennifer.lee.ellis@gmail.com""  YAY!"
321955	uninformative	excellent product
142361	somewhat	Very good value for price. Very upset that I had paid for 3 packs and only received 2.
262083	informative	I was not pleased with this item.  It was difficult to get on, and hold my arm in the position as shown in the picture. I have a paralysis related to cancer treatments, my arm dangles and I need support to hold it in the bent position. Would not recommend for this particular use. I will continue with a sling.
113304	somewhat	I have tried this model the past few days and it works great and is very comfortable to shave.  I have not tried to jet clean yet.  But I assume it will work fine.
150641	informative	The Shiseido cotton pads are amazing!  The function more like cloth than the cotton pads available at my local pharmacy and are thick enough to use both sides.  They do not leave cotton fibers and bits on my face, don't disintegrate during use, and they are now a permanent fixture in my house.
211936	uninformative	love it
353078	somewhat	Smells good and makes my hair feel much more manageable
174055	informative	This serum made my skin so smooth and soft. I noticed s difference after one use.  I've paid three times the price for other products that don't show as good if results as this stuff. I'll definitely be buying again.
47209	informative	"This thing is a miracle product. I am 34 and am terribly annoyed at the large crease I am developing between my breasts. It is so distracting and unattractive. I sleep on my stomach so my breasts are compressed. The crease used to go away but I noticed it had been staying all day now. I started using the SilcSkin Decollette Pad and saw immediate results the next morning. It did whatever it is supposed to do (apparently this is what they use on scars) and the result was dramatic. Not only that but it keeps my chest from creasing due to compression when sleeping on my stomach. My breasts still push together since it is pliable but not in a complete crease (think of the skin as a piece of paper that can fold- you can fold it so it is rounded or crease it by pressing your finger along the fold).  Unfortunately if I do not use it the crease will come back again but it is so easy to use I have gone very few nights without using it. It is so easy to clean and you do not need to clean it after every use. I used Bronners and then let it air dry and that worked perfectly. The pad exfoliates your skin as an extra bonus but then of course you will want to clean it occasionally. I would say about once every week. I took another reviewer's advice and store mine on the plastic plate that comes with it but with the sticky side up. Then I store it in my night stand drawer. That way it stays clean but should extend the life of the product by twice as long (since you are not using the ""stick"" when you apply it and when you put it back on the plastic sheet).  Great product- I am quite confident I am a lifer with this product. Looking to also get the SilcSkin pad for the forehead also."
8568	informative	This is the second electric razor from panasonic that has died on me. This particular razor was great for the first 3 uses. After that it wouldn't turn on. I replaced the batteries with brand new ones and got nothing. I'm done panasonic. You've lost a customer. I can forgive you for one electric razor dying on me, but not two.
118805	informative	I started ordering from this company last year and wrote a glowing review about the unfiltered shea butter they have.  I was so impressed with their level of service and product quality I also ordered the black soap.  I am very happy to say, they did not disappoint! Again,  I received my order in 4 days and it is the best quality black soap I have ever used!  I make my soaps, perfumes;etc because I have extremely sensitive skin. The ingredients are all natural, it melts down easily, mixes very well with essential oils, and the lather it gives is heavenly! Don't expect fancy packaging, you'll receive a box with a bag of product inside but for the value you're getting, who cares about a pretty package? SmellGood has definitely earned a lifetime customer!!!!
25877	uninformative	Great product!
66350	uninformative	Very  Good!
331637	somewhat	This is an excellent product.  I was unable to purchase it in a store--but was really happy to find it on Amazon.  Best mousse I have ever found!
196445	uninformative	Works wonderfully!
10353	somewhat	I love this shampoo . It leaves what hair l have left nice and clean.lt also smells nice.
289130	informative	Pay careful attention to the size here. Its much too small to hold any necklace, and I tried dozens of different ones. Its also too large to hold a doll necklace, or regular bracelet or an ankle chain. There's just something kind of sloppy about the way this is proportioned that makes it un-usable.
337285	uninformative	One of my favorite makeup products.
61252	informative	I have a Helen of Troy Hot Air Curling brush that I purchased many, many years ago.  It still works and I love it.  I ordered this one because I needed one with a smaller barrel.  This is perfect and I love it.  I have tried several other curling brushes, but not any compare to Helen of Troy.
77982	informative	Love love love the kit! I've always had really sparse brows and until now, I finally found a product that makes my brows look natural. My hair grows upwards and even with gel, they are hard to tame. With this kit, I trim the hair and fill in the brow. Only drawback to filling in your eyebrows is that when I take my motorcycle helmet off, the ends of the shadow rubs off so it looks like my eyebrows were cut off lol..
19621	somewhat	Excellent close shave! Best quality of any blade that i've tried. I have found these blades to be the very best blade on the market.
121506	informative	I received a bottle of this mouthwash for free, testing purposes from Influenster and I must say, I love it! I've never really been a fan of Colgate's mouthwash in the past because I had a hard time dealing with the harsh taste. Since this is an alcohol free mouthwash, it is much easier to handle. I use the product twice a day and it definitely keeps my mouth feeling fresher.
273416	informative	"Fell apart within 1 month. I liked it up until then. (****)  Supplier offered to replace it AFTER I sent back the""defective"" one. (The part that slides in wallet that holds it in place broke off...with light use.). The cost to return it will probably be more than just buying a new one.  I emailed with a picture and requested they send a new one. I'm waiting for an answer. I'll email one more time. If I get a new one I will write it again after 2 months"
262552	informative	I purchesed this product last week...and can't believe that this is suppose to be Lactic 85% I didn't feel no burn nothing!!!!!!! so disapointed in this purches....make it so bad I never even washed it off from yesterday...never had to....I believe that the person who ever sent me this scammed me because if this really suppose to be 85% of a chemical peel there is no way I could have made it hours with this stuff on my skin...I gave it a one star but I believe that it doesn't deserve any stars
70288	informative	"I thought the ""lift & cut"" description was a sales gimmick until I tried it. Then I SAW the new technology of the heads when I cleaned them. Much advancement over my old Norelco. As a machinist I marvel at the tiny and amazing new details.  Now I only need to shave once in 2 days, so it does ""lift & cut""!"
79492	somewhat	It covers beautifully but it broke off on second use so very frustrating to use right now
112006	somewhat	I bought this for my daughter-in-law for Christmas , She loves it! This is about all she uses and was thrilled to receive it
84061	uninformative	These are my favorite.  Can't beat the price either.
207205	somewhat	I've been using this for about 2 months and haven't seen much difference. Maybe my skin is too old.
88085	informative	I purchased this shaver to replace an old Norelco Spectra shaver that works fine but was getting old.  I thought surely there would be an improvement in quality over time.  But this shaver is mediocre at best.  The closeness of the shave is not as good as the Spectra despite the newer floating head design of this shaver.  Battery life is similar and adequate.  An indicator will tell you when it is time to recharge.  The stand was obviously designed to allow charging while the shaver is in the stand, but that feature is disabled in this model of shaver.  So the included stand serves no greater function than to enable you to stand your shaver upright when it's not in use.  Overall, I was disappointed with this shaver.  My old Spectra works better, and I should have merely purchased a new set of cutting heads for it.  If you need to purchase a new shaver Norelco makes good products, but unless you want to settle for mediocrity you might want to consider other models.
165760	informative	After seeing my dentist, and ruling out a more severe problem than just sensitivity, he suggested that I try these in addition to sensitive toothpaste--before we have to go a more dramatic route to get my tooth to a more manageable state.  He said about 50% of people find these to be effective.  I have actually found these to be irritating to the gum tissue, and not at all helpful.
272098	informative	I bought this going to mimic the scent of the twilight woods hand sanitizer. The hand sanitizer had a more manly scent to it that this cologne doesn't quite capture. This is more floral and light bodied, but after a while it does grow on you.
319148	somewhat	They're cute and they clip on really easily.
12246	uninformative	Great product. Thanks.
34414	informative	Works great, saved a few bucks on Amazon.  not quite the pressure I thought it would have, but I just put it high and it does the job !
196372	somewhat	Spilled all over and it's basically water ...big scam it's not a gel,it's water.beware!
67033	informative	Smells great but doesn't burn all. It stops just after the tip is gone. I went through three boxes and the same thing every time.  Very frustrated!!
214394	informative	The scent of this soap is so oppressively dense that I had to put on a hazmat suit before returning to my bathroom. This is advertised as a 'face bar', but squirting sriracha into your eyeballs is more pleasant than washing your face with this stuff.  Buy this soap if you are starting up a guerilla army and aren't overly concerned with complying with international treaties.
193877	informative	I used this soap as a pre-shave cushion and then face lather. It works great, adds a beautiful smooth glide to my razor, no nicks, clean, close, smooth gliding shave.
227390	somewhat	Will buy again
362685	uninformative	Was hoping for a bigger size. Love the product
112888	somewhat	Great but a little hassle to clean every single use and i wish it was a little thinner in width
58611	uninformative	doesnt work
82891	uninformative	A tremendous blade!
133203	informative	Great product. Cost reasonable. Like that I can buy replacement pieces when needed. Shipped quickly. Waterpik is a tried and true product
65978	informative	Works great on toothaches, it works perfectly, i would highly recommend it.......
278640	informative	The gift was for my wife's birthday. She loved it! She loves cats, especially Siamese/Burmese mix. These fit the bill, so I got the entire set. One thing that's really neat is the product is hand painted--unique and crafty, but I can't say one of a kind.
258439	informative	I really love this oil. I use this as a  mositurizer for my loc's. I have been dealing with dry and brittle loc's and Africas Best Ultimate Herbal Oil has really helped with the dryness. I would recommend this product to anyone who is trying to grow healthy loc's.
142441	uninformative	Too small
279250	uninformative	My all time favorite.
190770	somewhat	Beautiful color ~ truly a stain. Careful when removing, not to take off first layer of skin.
342288	informative	I love this gel! I've only been using it for about a week now but it really is fading some sun spots on my arms and chest area. I've been applying it twice a day and they are beginning to fade. The gel comes in an easy to open jar, it's odorless and the best part is, it's doesn't leave a sticky feel after applying. Very happy this is working!  I received this product at a discount for my honest review.
321490	uninformative	pretty for my make up clients
22322	somewhat	I absolutely love this stuff. I bought some from Ulta over the weekend while out of town because I ran out.  I purchased 2 because it was on sale.
227460	uninformative	I recommend this to everyone! <3
346890	somewhat	Familiar with products. Good price.
157058	uninformative	Awesome price and product.
289418	uninformative	Wrong item. was allowed to keep it.
292126	uninformative	A great great product really works!!
60122	informative	Essie is such a great company, I really love all of their products. This oil is so hydrating and lasts forever. It also smells so yummy. I love using this a few times a week and my cuticles and palms have never looked better. Great to use for softening or to put on after a manicure.
61446	somewhat	Works okay.  Thought it would get a little hotter than it does, but does help style.
319091	somewhat	Missing the top part of the pump.
10089	somewhat	Perfect size.
156452	informative	Doesn't last as long as name brand, but then a bit cheaper in price.  I found that a detail sander works much better and is a lot cheaper.
254811	informative	Glass bottles are nice, but the plastic spray trigger seems cheaply made. It's hard to hold and spray, stream isn't consistent and powerful, and it leaks from the cap. I'm very disappointed. I was hoping for a high quality spray bottle.
240232	informative	Love this product! Leaves my skin so soft, arrived fast and great package.
60401	informative	This stuff is great!  I have moderately long lashes, but not many of them.  This product makes my lashes longer and look like twice as many at least! I don't have any trouble with it flaking off and getting in my eyes.  I highly recommend it; you'll never need false lashes again.
325562	somewhat	Really love the design of this compact mirror. I really like it and it is so handy. I can bring it and just put it inside my purse.
241175	somewhat	Smells great but burned my underarms! Had to return it.
132845	informative	I have the best dental checks since I have started using a Waterpik water flosser.  It is a little messy, but you can see the food particles come out from between your teeth.  I have always had bad gums, but have seen dramatic improvement in my gums since starting to use the water flosser.
367250	uninformative	JUST WHAT I WANTED THANK YOU
278145	informative	I absolutely love the finish of this foundation.  It is not too matt or too shiny.  It covers absolutely everything while still looking very natural.  My only complaint was the color selection.  I am a light to medium complexioned African-American who has never had a problem finding a foundation shade.  I chose Hale, which is the darkest shade available in this makeup.  I can wear this in the winter, but not in the summer.  Also it has kind of a pink undertone which I'm not sure I like.  If I can't wear this, being on the lighter end of the spectrum, there are many African-American women who would not be able to use this product.  This makes me feel very sad and left out.  Believe it or not, some of us would like a good firming foundation also. Nars made a firming foundation with a wide range of shades, but no longer makes it.  Shiseido also makes a great firming foundation, but its darkest shade is also one I use only in the winter.  I don't understand how companies can make a product that leaves out a huge portion of the population based on ethnicity and skin color.
360499	somewhat	i use this as eyeshadow. it is the perfect light shimmer shade.
153965	informative	Love these! They're tiny gauge size with bright gems, I'm a teenager so they're  perfect for me! The posts are a bit long, but that's completely fine as long as you don't have an extremely narrow nostril. Also, the gems are very well placed, I suggest these for any person with their nose pierced! They're perfect for any occasion because of all the color choices!
219319	somewhat	There is definite fall out from this brush, but it's the perfect angle.
181727	informative	"I love this product! I started using it around the same time that I started a vitamin C serum and a hyaluronic acid serum so I can't be sure what made the biggest difference but I had been using the combination a few months when my best friend looked at me suspiciously and asked, ""What are you doing to your skin? It looks really good."" I am 61 years old and I used to sunbathe with no sunscreen. My combination of serums and this night cream have eliminated my fine lines, especially around my eyes."
122785	somewhat	looks good, the color was right and fit right, fast delivery
267575	uninformative	nice product....
262259	informative	"Well Dr. Miracle, you did not satisfy this customer. These products did not even make my hair ""tingle"" which was what I expected. I knew it wouldn't make my hair grow but I was looking forward to the tingly feeling. Tea tree oil works better and is to make your hair growing. I am trying that. I will not be buying your products any more. Sorry."
78496	uninformative	I love it
238359	informative	Looks choppy and nothing like image. When worn it looks like my 3 year old got a hold of a pair of scissors and went to town while I slept. Maybe I'm just too old for such a cut
37084	informative	How did I manage to feel like my teeth were clean before using the Waterpik Ultra Water Flosser? After using it consistently for three months my dentist was impressed with the improvement in my dental health. Honestly, my teeth no longer feel clean if I don't use the Water Flosser everyday. I liked mine so much I purchased one for each bathroom in my house. I've had mine now for nearly a year and never had an issue with the reliability of it, even using it everyday. I've recommended this product to my relatives and friends.
194376	informative	I've been using this brand of soap for about 10 yrs. It has a pleasant scent (which is NOT overbearing) and does not dry out your skin. It is the most soothing soap I have ever used, and I've used many in my 68 Years. I highly recommend it or others of this brand.
187277	uninformative	These work really well. It's a nice little kit.
49483	informative	Was skeptical at first. The liquid is kind of runny. However, it is absolutely awesome performance wise. Hands down the best shampoo out there. Smells great, cleans hair great and stopped me from scratching my head after using this product for a couple of times.
369285	uninformative	Pretty good product.
324703	uninformative	I bought this Hug-its Set for my wife and she loves it!
148563	somewhat	It is cute and gives you an idea of what it would look like, but when you breathe through your nose if falls off.
356241	informative	Shampoo came packaged new in box. Just like Head & Shoulders, you only need a little! Left my beard feeling refreshed and new! The bold forest scent is not too powerful or fruity, just right! That lumberjack smell is euphoric! Will definitely be buying again from Beardsmen Spirit! Thanks guys!
258721	informative	Shaves well with good battery life.  The battery meter is very helpful.  Definitely recommended.
91150	somewhat	They heat up fast, and work well. I thought the price was reasonable. I work with my hands, and they take the aches away.
71068	somewhat	Much easier on the face than a disposible razer, the Norelco 7310 gives a wonderfully close shave. Maintenence is simple.
100030	informative	These tea tree products are by far the best tea tree product I've tried so far. I have suffered from acne since my teen years and had tried almost everything that's available on the market. When my friend introduced me to CareNatural products, I was skeptical..but thought it would not hurt to try...so I did...and WOW...was I impressed! It not only is effective (less and less acne on my face!) but its smell is so fantastic that it's almost like aromatherapy!  This set is fabulous - great deal!
163263	uninformative	Disgusted !!!
338017	informative	I ordered two of these...number 07 and number 02. They came in the same box, were wrapped the same, but one was in perfect condition and the other was a mess.  I returned it. I'd like to reorder, but am concerned that it will come like that again. I guess there's just a 50/50 chance that you'll get it intact. Other than that, the variety is wonderful and I really like the pallets. Beautiful colors.
366741	somewhat	Does it's job. Some of the caps didn't thread on perfectly but eventually did. Had no leaking issues. Love the color!
313424	somewhat	Needed gift for Father of Bar Mitzvah boy and this was it! Great price
265828	informative	I was fortunate enough to find this & the citrus lotion on clearance @ TJ Maxx. I am so glad I bought them! I love to try new natural products, and this one is a keeper. I absolutely love the all natural fragrance, which smells exactly like a cup of vanilla chai tea. It is not an overpowering fragrance, either, which I like. It is completely natural, and the consistency is perfect! Not too oily, not too drying...just right! I highly recommend this product!
231548	uninformative	Love it!
34591	uninformative	REALLY NICE
39757	somewhat	I love this product, but it does need a more power, I owned another type of water flosser and it was good, but over all this is a far superior product!
254534	somewhat	I use this product daily.  Goes on easy and lasts all day.  I like this product.
274695	uninformative	I hope this product is never discontinued....
314083	informative	Bought 2 and installed them on a 2014 Honda CTX700 and 2012 Suzuki DL650a.  Product works great and after a years use love the safety they add bring Car / Truck driver's attention when you need it.  PRO 1. Stock horn will work for short friendly parking lot beep beep horn sound 2. When you need to be noticed for major safety the HORN is LOUD and the HEADLIGHT will flash 3. Well made product with quality components. Mount out of direct rain flow to ensure water drains out of horn.  CON 1. Do some internet research to look at where others have installed the horn. You may want to buy one of the 3 brackets sold by Screaming Banshee (Clearwater, Florida) 2. You likely will need to read the wiring schematic for your bike to ensure the connections are correct. Otherwise you will need a VDM to check for the correct connections. For my two installs on the above mentioned bikes, each install took a couple hours, once you have done your homework.  Overall You will enjoy a level of sound alert safety that is often missing from most stock motorcycles. Would buy again for any bike I or my wife rides.
208980	informative	Overall I like this product. It's moisturizing, smells really great, and definitely works immediately. However... for permanent long term results I would look elsewhere. Recieved product free in return for review
183909	uninformative	I'm glad these came in finally, their cute. :)
58845	uninformative	perfect for my needs!
136692	uninformative	excellent
368531	somewhat	Very gentle. Leaves the skin soft and refreshed!!
207853	somewhat	Came dented
304930	somewhat	"Absolutely love the ""spikes with rum"" color. It's a great matte color especially for the price!"
27530	uninformative	As expected
199900	somewhat	Worked perfectly for aging effects!!!
116121	uninformative	Fits well and does the job!
285947	somewhat	Only bra that's not to small in cup once pads are removed
118292	somewhat	These didn't even come with a strap Horrible
188595	somewhat	GREAT pigment and really smooth on the lips. Totally beats out spending on a mac liner.
138120	uninformative	AWESOME, stuff....
225086	informative	I adore this toothbrush.  It works really well on my teeth and the UV case is so slick and modern.  Took it on a weekend trip and worked well.  Loved that I had a travel case!! I recently bought this item at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
297519	informative	Great product for a temporary lift.  Softens lines, tightens facial skin.  It's easy to apply.  Product lasts a long time.  Apply a very small amount to see almost immediate results.
288883	informative	Great Crown for the Money.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received the crown today.  It is beautiful, metal, and soft enough to gently mold to someones head.  It is a little small for a man, but could be okay depending how you want to wear it.  I only gave it 4 stars because there are a couple small diamonds missing from the rim.  I didn't even notice at first but upon very close inspection I caught it.  Not a big deal to me because nobody will be close enough to inspect it anyway.  Best Crown for the money.
185297	uninformative	Just as great as I thought it would be !!
211326	somewhat	These things will clean your skin! which I am pretty sure is the purpose of a loofah. Also good foot cleaner!
367336	informative	The ringis beautiful, great quality!
321245	uninformative	Very good
127856	somewhat	it developed a pin hole in the hose after less than a year in use - Waterpik needs to address this problem
275308	somewhat	Love it. I used this when I did a lioness makeup look. It lasts all day.
240590	informative	This is one of the only natural deodorants that actually keeps me dry and smells awesome. I had an issue with one of my past orders and Rob from Bali customer service provided prompt and top-notch support. This is a great small business to support!
41285	informative	Nice to have a sampler but I did not like some of the fragrances. Next time I will buy a larger, easy to dispense oil of the far glance I like
192964	somewhat	Moisturizing if you like bar soap and doesn't dry skin too much!
19745	uninformative	it's been around for ages and still as great as ever
232051	uninformative	as expected and works well
6569	somewhat	Very fast service. I'd use them again!
165462	informative	Great product. Our jack Russell experienced severe hair loss due to a food allergy and this product was great in helping his healing process. His ears were severely dry and the cream helped rehydrate them. It's been three weeks on the hypoallergenic diet and the cream supplements it very well. I also appreciate the coupon from the seller considering this is premium product! Keep up the good quality and thanks for providing our pup relief.
214477	informative	I love these brushes! My only complaint is the slight chemical smell, other than that everything is awesome. These are not the highest quality, but it's amazing considering how much you pay. There are duplicates, but I don't see a problem with that (extra brushes invade you break one) Highly recommend
46483	somewhat	Love it, arrived very quickly.
364231	informative	I received these bath bombs in exchange for an honest review of this product, I love love love these bath bombs,they come in very pretty packaging and before you even open them you can smell the bombs fragment scent , I have sensitive skin so I was worried that might be to strong but the all natural ingredients not only left my skin smelling amazing but unbelievably soft ,the set of 6 have different varieties to choose from f,they have different aroma therapy qualities such as relaxation & revitalization and stress relief, I have purchased many bath bomb sets and these are high end quality bombs, I will definitely purchase these for myself and for Christmas gifts , definitely my new must have
368914	informative	I bought this for a Mabel Pines cosplay and have ended up using it for a couple more and for lolita type stuff. It's super cute. The color looks just like the photos, but it's a little bit longer than in the pictures. It's sort of matte so it looks a lot more natural than some cosplay wigs. The only complaint I would have is that the part at the top can get a bit messy/look unnatural with how frizzy if can get, but if you take good care of the wig, that shouldn't be too much of a problem. Very good the price!
302522	somewhat	Chinsy buckles that break
32139	somewhat	Solid and it works as advertised
271708	somewhat	Gentle, clean smelling, kitchen hand soap, use all the time. This shipment was packed very well and had no cracked , leaking bottles.
287406	somewhat	Not that effective on my arthritic pains.
367787	somewhat	This is a great drill.  Would give a 5 but haven't had it long enough to determine the longevity of it....
262317	somewhat	Love the razor, but I will be damned if I am  paying $100.00+ for these blades.  You can buy a whole new razor every year at this cost.  Oh, I believe that's what they want.  Good by Norelco
33481	informative	My dentist advised me to purchase a water flosser over a year ago. I honestly did not think it was going to be for me. I brush and floss regularly so I didn't think that I was missing much. Boy was I wrong! After needing another root canal and crown I caved and bought this waterpik flosser. I absolutely love it!! As gross as it is, my mouth has never felt cleaner. The pulsing water helps break away all leftover debris and flush it out of my mouth while leaving me with a fresh feeling. According to the dentist, it is also strengthening my gums, which in turn helps with the permanency of my teeth.  This particular water flosser comes with 6 interchangeable heads, all with a very specific person. So far I have used the normal flosser pick and the toothbrush. I absolutely love my waterflosser and can't wait to see improved dental health.
145013	somewhat	Did not do anything for my skin. Clogged my pores
308959	informative	Best finishing clear nail polish ever! Quick quick drying with hard finish. No sheet marks ever when you use this over your regular nail polish. Was buying smaller bottles but this is best bargain.  Just keep a clear polish bottle and refill. Buy reviver to keep fresh...
163258	somewhat	Very sticky formula. Needs a moisturizer be for application. Stays on very well though
243178	informative	I am please with this product, although I do wish it was not as expensive. I have been fighting cancer for 3 years and will not use the regular deoderants that are so popular as I have learned what all those toxins really do to our system. I am also Celiac  and am finding it is horribly expensive to get away from what has been done to our cosmetics, food, drugs, clothes etc. This is my 1st try at 'natural' deoderant and I must have really lucked out considering all reviews online. My son did not have good luck with this product but I decided to stay with it and am very glad I did!
127394	informative	Absolute powerhouse. It also stands up easily, which is a feature I sorely miss every time I use the cheap version I bought for the office. I highly recommend this model. I use it for making macha and it works great for that too.
41774	informative	Received this shaver as a Christmas present in 2011.  Works well and the finer screen with lots of cutters gives a great shave. Battery life is very good.  But I have always had problems getting the catch to hold the trimmer down in place.  I would still recommend the product, especially at the price.
20611	informative	Fragrance seemed to have been old.  Smell was  not good. Had previously used this product for a long time.  Will not purchase again.
343877	informative	I really like these brows.  Good shape, easy to apply.  A little in the dark side for my fair skin, however, I added a little of my light blonde eyebrow pencil and they looked great.  I had very few eyebrow hairs and the eyebrow makeup kept wiping off leaving me with some eyebrow makeup and some spaces with no eyebrow makeup.  Very embarrassing.  This is a good option for me as I don't want the permanent tattoos.  I will reorder and put in a request for a lighter shade.  Also, great packaging And great presentation.
154886	uninformative	Great!!
297853	somewhat	excellent kit. the orings are notloose, and they all came in separate bags according to size, and marked accordingly and then all put in one bigger zip bag. good quality.
343339	somewhat	Kind of like the old Zeno.  Helps deminish my acne
59267	somewhat	Started coming undone after one week.  The dove brand are much better quality.
124637	uninformative	love it
148873	uninformative	just what my wife needed
356298	uninformative	Awesomely
280545	somewhat	Product arrived as ordered and is as described.  It is easy to use and beneficial in maintaining heeaalthy teeth and cums along with water pik and brushing
327459	somewhat	I love the versatility of all of the different colors.
129282	uninformative	Perfect
36243	informative	Had 1 of these (different model) years ago, but the container vessel broke or something. Forgot how much I like it and how well it cleans. I've never been one to floss. This does the job!!!!  You think the brushing gets your mouth clean; wait til you see what this machine dislodges.
296192	informative	This product was cheap, and broke almost immediately. My son lost the pendant, because he is not even sure when it fell off. He was very disappointed, and that made me unhappy. Not happy with this purchase.
64282	somewhat	Love this stuff and the price is right!
344007	somewhat	It's sharp and sturdy so I have zero complaints. Thank you for the fast delivery.
102990	informative	Beautiful color! I am olive toned and this color looks great on me. Great as an everyday lipstick definitely impressed with wet n wilds pigments. It is matte and I usually apply some type of Chapstick before applying and don't have a problem with dry lips as others have stated.
130107	uninformative	Gift
271616	uninformative	not working
326963	informative	It's good it does what it's suppose to do but.... It's in a gel form. I did not know that when buying it but when I used it on a client I noticed it wasn't liquid as it was suppose to be. Perhaps I bought the wrong product or the product was mislabeled idk but it has a gel texture
30446	somewhat	I always use this so was as expected
45915	informative	This is the first tanner I've used that doesn't look odd on pale skin.  Gives a nice light tan look, with barely detectable shimmer. Easy to apply without streaking as the tanning effect is fairly subtle and builds up only after repeated use. Unlike the other reviewer I liked the mild smell.  I also tried the Jergen's product once and found it's odor so strong I had to shower and scrub it off.  It just goes to demonstrate that reaction to scent is very individual!
128195	uninformative	Good product.
86364	informative	I noticed no difference whatsoever. I read reviews and people were raving about it so I couldn't wait to try it. No results on my skin... bummer!
355606	uninformative	Didn't work at all
245116	uninformative	excelentes...!!!
324160	uninformative	too pink
148789	informative	Have been using this for a few months now, but not so sure that it actually works. Feels like something is happening as your skin burns red hot and changes to be red hot ! so be really careful if you are rubbing it on sensitive areas like inner thighs and buttocks, if it gets in the bikini area, trust me, it is very painful. And don't touch your face or eyes either .... still have the floppy thighs despite using  this toning lotion along with hot pants and exercise. It was worth a try !
125180	informative	It made my face break out really bad.  I tried to give it a few weeks to see if it would eventually get used to it but it would break out in new spots everyday.
351141	uninformative	My wife likes it.
246676	informative	This stuff will make your mouth feel really clean and keep your breath fresh for hours. I usually start off by using a tongue scrapper, then flossing, then this, then a mouth rinse. It doesn't taste like toothpaste, it's different. Some people are sensitive to the antiseptic burn feeling, but germs aren't into it either, so it's worth it. It whitens, but it's not exactly profound. Your teeth will not feel all sensitive like they might with normal toothpastes, especially those of the whitening variety. I still wouldn't try to bite ice cream because I'm not an animal, but I feel better equipped to do so. Use a small amount, and keep in mind it's clay, so expect some buildup in your pipes if you're hawking this stuff into your sink 3 times a day. I'm sure you can figure out other ways of disposing of it if it becomes a problem. Overall, I give a ranking of *Essential* as an ingredient in your oral care arsenal and wish you luck in your never-ending quest for a less dank mouth.
201963	somewhat	I would buy again..  Great product
134649	informative	"Purchased product in November 2010 and product arrived promptly.  It is actually fun to use and I am experimenting with the various ""brushes""  I have found the brushes to be a bit flimsy and not really industrial strength (durable and long lasting).  I am not sure how long the brushes are designed to last - I use the waterpik every day.  My dental hygienist had recommended this product to me and she indicated she saw nice ""pink"" healthy gums - so that is an endorsement for using it!. My hygienist also recommended adding some hyrdogen peroxide to the water basin (and use the peroxide every 2 or 3 days) as that will be an additional cleansing agent. I like using the assortment of brushes and the product is convenient to use.  I would rate the product a 5 star if the brushes were of higher quality - maybe that is just the starter kit that comes with the product."
338924	uninformative	Use it all the time.  Works great.
16685	somewhat	I love this blush.  It goes on easily, isn't splotchy and a case lasts me about a year.  I think it is a little expensive but for me it is worth it.
156882	informative	Caswell and Massey never fails. Timeless scents and outstanding quality. Their products can't be beat for the price! I recommend their Men's soap followed by the matching cologne for great scent layering. Caswell and Massey hold their own against much more expensive brands. Highly recommended!
42136	informative	"Holding down the ""ON"" button while shaving is difficult and uncomfortable. If you are older, its even worse on your hand.  I returned the unit for refund, otherwise I would have kept it becuase it does the job.  Remington needs to do some field testing before releasing new products."
13841	informative	I love Dr. Singha's Mustard Bath!  It works well for body aches when you have the flu, or have worked out a little too hard.  I use it also when I have a sinus infection or allergy flare.  It is moisturizing for the skin so when you get out your skin is nice and soft.  Two thumbs way up on this product!
340208	informative	This is by far the best setting spray I've ever used. It's light, lasts a long time and not irritating to my face. Perfect product!!
342860	somewhat	Just a bad smell
236902	somewhat	great for my hair (straight and average to slightly thin) just a little bit works well on short (just above the collar) hair.
241656	informative	very pleased this is the first deodorant that I've had last more than 5ish hours. After an average day I still smell fresh when I go to bed. I haven't done any heavy activity in it yet and I'm sure that will affect it some but I'd much rather put a bit more on after a few hours than use anti-persireants.  I got the sandlewood and really like the smell, this is my go to from now on!
305779	somewhat	Colors are great. Didn't like having to trim some of the flowers.
202471	somewhat	Love it! Very pretty jewelry!
133558	somewhat	This is so much nicer than the old type waterpik. It is more hygenic and easier to set up and looks so much better.
204159	informative	The mask works amazingly. This kit is perfect for someone who wants to try it for the first time. My pimples are visibly smaller after using this mask
246862	informative	"I bought this more because of all the cute packaging that Etude House carries. As for the actual product, it does not do much for my combination type skin. The smell is not at all similar to black tea or Boba milk tea. The scoop was a nice addition to keep the sleeping pack sanitary as well as getting the ""boba"" at the bottom. The package arrived 11 days before the expected date and came with three samples."
279744	somewhat	Although they ended up actually being open end forceps, I was glad they were, I didn't realize I needed open end til after I ordered them, just fyi for those who NEED closed ended forceps.
97330	uninformative	Not what I expected.
301891	somewhat	I'm satisfied with this product.  Nice to wear on an everyday basic.
65634	informative	This stuff smells heavenly and I am so happy to find Amazon has it!  I have been importing it at a much higher price and love the convenience of ordering it now via Amazon, not to mention the price break.  I use it as bubble bath daily and love it!
184048	uninformative	Really works!
132452	informative	I have been using the Waterpik for years, but my new one is quieter and lighter in weight and every bit as effective as my old one. I find it to be essential in maintaining good oral hygiene and healthy gums. My dentist recommended me getting it years ago and ever since I've used it faithfully and my biyearly dental exams have proven that it is well worth owning the Waterpik. I feel it is as important as having a tooth brush.
56554	somewhat	I have used this product for years. It is the only one that controls the frizz on humid days.
