852	1	cheesy, bacony Sonora dog, which is the unrequited crush object of generations of Arizona refugees.
836	1	Twirls of spaghetti made from julienne squid, an old izakaya trick, are served with ink-black hazelnut paste and strands of spaghetti squash
280	1	Beef, chicken or fried tilapia are options to complete the dish, though customers tend to select the fourth choice, shrimp, for their bounce and sweetness — and also, honestly, for their photogenic appeal.
575	0	Even the cheesecake: the trick to this style is the evenly “scorched” surface while the interior is still creamy; this one is just a big sponge.
208	1	Or a slab of pickled beef tongue, boiled to tenderness and then seared in cast iron until it is as brown as meatloaf.
609	1	An ultra-creamy burrata — from La Latteria in London, I think — with asparagus and a rough pesto of basil and sorrel.
932	1	a version of the Israeli tomato-pepper stew shakshouka with sweetbreads and a yogurt foam; and “Grandma's” chopped chicken livers with challah.
725	1	I've never had anything quite like his tiny bulbs of California squid stuffed with Northern Thai fermented ground-pork sausage, although I've stared at recipes for similar dishes in Vietnamese cookbooks.
47	0	How did nachos, one of the hardest dishes in the American canon to mess up, turn out so deeply unlovable?
985	1	Loaves of sweetbreads bound in gelatin with pig's trotters; rabbit with pistachios; the occasional terrine of eel and foie gras — it's a virtuosic display, even if you don't go on to the burgers made with 30-day-aged meat or the crisp pig shank confit, sizzled in its own fat.
337	1	Orkney scallops piled with mus­tard seeds like dense beading on an evening dress also reveal the flavours and cooling properties of nimbu pani (lime soda), India’s favourite soft drink
581	1	Meat is treated with butch tenderness: black-red slabs of roasted mallard breast, its gaminess tempered by barbecued little gem lettuce, the meat leaching out the most delicious roasting juices.
155	0	You’re free to drink some esoteric cocktails (sherry, vermouth and Cardamaro garnished with a pickled gooseberry still on the branch) or even more esoteric wines (Piedmontese timorasso and a German red called Rotgut are poured by the glass) without ordering a crumb to eat.
692	1	The soup dumplings, xiao long bao, are more deeply flavorful than any in town, although they may spurt less vigorously than the versions at Din Tai Fung.
862	0	portioned out into the Thai equivalent of tapas, which is to say a unit of consumption carefully calibrated to the refreshment inherent in a single bottle of Singha
790	1	what you are going to come away thinking about are the bacon cheddar buttermilk biscuits, palm-size creatures that have the gravitational pull of the sun.
572	1	Chalk-stream trout — is all trout chalk stream these days? — is citrus-marinated, dotted with mandolined radishes and halved cherry tomatoes, basic but nice enough.
241	1	Big hunks of overcooked fish marred a take on cioppino with saffron rouille; the dish looks to have already rotated off the menu.
992	0	pittule — appetizer doughnuts! — with fresh ricotta and a drizzle of reduced sweet wine.
788	1	a bacon-avocado-laced Nancy's Backyard Burger, which explodes like a meat grenade the instant it is breached by human teeth.
980	1	Maize Cake Bombay Taj: a thickish, palm-sized tortilla patted out from freshly ground nixtamal, passed across a griddle just long enough to crisp the surface while leaving the interior soft and steamy.
498	1	Bangers and mash, another stalwart, has been given the full lipstick-on-a-pig job, more meatloaf than sausage — veal, chicken and pork en crépinette, hiding a nugget of grey and rubbery foie gras, the over-reduced Périgord sauce laced with (undetectable) black truffle.
107	1	A long log of Dover sole under a sheet of bread crumbs had neither the texture nor the flavor that might justify charging $41 for a fish stick.
767	0	Crunchy ones, filled with diced shrimp and cheese.
839	1	The hummus is complexly nutty, expressing the round, toasty taste of chickpeas instead of concealing it with sesame paste, and it's even better sprinkled with Lebanese pine nuts fried in olive oil.
931	1	a crudo of salmon with cream cheese and rye crisps, which recalls lox and bagels
300	0	In the to-go bag — among congee, oyster pancake and a crisp, standout leek pie — the staff had slipped in a rice cake filled with red bean paste as a Lunar New Year gift.
386	1	Oysters are venerated, as is Guinness. This time I revelled in Spring pea and goat’s curd tartlet followed by a masterful Hereford beef and bone marrow pie.
490	0	Red curry cod fritters with dabu-dabu sauce (an Indonesian condiment featuring a good punch of chilli).
918	1	The seafood pancakes, stuffed with improbable amounts of octopus, are a big draw — the pancakes are ethereal beneath their thin veneer of crunch — although the mung bean pancakes are significantly crunchier.
49	1	Why not bury those chips under a properly hot and filling layer of melted cheese and jalapeños instead of dribbling them with thin needles of pepperoni and cold gray clots of ground turkey?
216	1	Maybe throw in some twice-fried chicken wings brushed with soy-garlic glaze, crackly and sticky at once.
887	1	preparing dull but halal-compliant plates of chicken tikka and lamb korma in a separate kitchen so that vegetarians need not fear the errant bit of flesh in their bisi bele bath.
73	0	Served cold, it was rubbery and flavorless.
125	1	Neither was the greasy scattering of mushrooms and gummy, flavorless farro strozzapreti baked under a mound of ricotta that had no idea it was supposed to act like a sauce.
565	1	It looks like a plateful of pasta — fat rings of calamarate in a thin, reddish tomato sauce. It has become a cliché to say that chefs let ingredients do the talking, but Knight takes it further: this lot are having a whole conversation, whispering about a hint of aniseed in the sauce, laughing at how the diner is tricked by the squid rings looking almost exactly like the pasta (hence its name); how the seafood has been slow cooked, the pasta quickly, so they have almost an identical texture too. Only taste and mouthfeel are different, dramatically so. Genius.
262	1	In the same way that I seek focaccia covered with cherries and Taleggio or summer squash with chermoula among the sides on the savory menu, I’ll skip over Swindle’s chocolate torta and butterscotch pot de crème (wonderful as they are) for his of-the-moment fruit creations.
717	1	what you're craving is a writhing mass of greasy, no doubt previously frozen fries in the style of a town whose most redeeming feature is its proximity to Moundville?
596	0	Forty-two quid, and the chips were catering-pack frozen. Where four small, pedestrian ravioli cost £14. Where a pork chop with lentils (dull) cost £38.
669	0	the bouillabaisse milkshake, served with two straws, that sounds like the dumbest dish you can imagine until you take your first frosty sip.
309	0	As a meat-free option, smoked cauliflower florets are tossed in barbecue sauce and then crusted with fried garlic, sesame and cumin.
803	1	Spaghetti aglio e olio, the simplest pasta in the Roman repertory was soupy, which is an odd conception of the dish
877	1	The oozy, porky version of chiles en nogada, a sweet, festive chile relleno lightened with dried fruit and toasted pecans
848	1	You will try the toasted-seed salsa de semillas; the fat, split gorditas; and the fried-pie quesadillas stuffed with soft slices of beef tongue.
580	1	Cuttlefish, braised to the texture of fondant after, I think, a quick smoky shimmy on the grill, with taut little chickpeas and roasted tomatoes in a resonant fish broth, olive oil again, glugged on top in positively Nigella-esque quantities. Please note: I’m not complaining about the oil — I think my skin and hair thank me for every drop.
864	0	The fried pig tails are even tastier than the garlicky spareribs, which is saying a lot.
447	1	It’s like celestial Bovril, magic miso. From then on in, it’s one exciting mouthful after another.
484	1	I’d never normally order soup but can’t help being impressed by the excess of “Truffled cauliflower soup, cep and Comté scone”.
418	1	The last of the season’s game comes in a dense terrine, served with cornichons and a beetroot relish with a whisper of aniseed. Yes, here’s the hogget, served with kalettes pungent with garlic and anchovy, in a puddle of meat juice so rich and sticky it has the same effect on my face as teenage lip glosses.
147	1	Her lemon tart was wonderful and showed a sense of humor; with a cloak of white lemon icing outside and a soft filling of lemon-poppy seed cream inside, it looked just like a wedge of Camembert.
556	1	We kick off with smoked octopus — inspired, they say, by renegade chef Francis Mallmann — a decoratively coiled tentacle served with a layered potato cake heavy with paprika.
323	1	She dredges the bird lightly in rice flour and fries it twice for a pervasive, nearly batter-free crispness. A vinegary sweet chile sauce awaits; so does a pile of fried shallots, into which you want to plunk the chicken with the glee of children jumping into heaps of autumn leaves.
37	1	Grilled duck breast arrives with garnishes on their own plate, including a dead-ripe wedge of persimmon and a hot soy-glazed eggplant fritter that is like a Timbit from a rogue Tim Hortons.
586	1	the fish of the day, pollock, in a crisp crust with a green chilli and parsley salad on the side, a finely chopped proto-zhoug, the kind of thing you might eat at a sultry restaurant overlooking a minaret or two.
438	1	a hand-cut, freshly fried chip defies its apparent simplicity to become a treat right up there with the rarefied likes of pommes soufflées.
409	1	grilled ribs of sweetcorn dusted with their own-brand kombu seasoning — the seaweed powder bolstered with paprika, cayenne and coriander, which on my third visit I am given in what my children used to call a take-home prize from a party — and smoked beef dandy (back) ribs, the meat falling off but still clinging affectionately to the bones.
52	1	Why has the hearty, rustic appeal of roasted-garlic mayonnaise been replaced by something that tastes like Miracle Whip with minced raw garlic?
599	0	An almost hidden fairyland of superb baking, flawless clotted cream-laden scones (jam first)
687	1	A striking dish translated as “double tubes of squid” involves a whole, red-cooked creature sliced and arranged into a tableau of twin towers with tentacles poking from their midst, decorated with a single flowering garlic chive
879	0	Stingray soup? They've got that, too. Entire religions have been founded on miracles less profound.
716	1	huge plate of pickles, too: green and black olives, pickled turnip sticks dyed scarlet with beet juice, sprigs of fresh mint and soft slabs of salty feta cheese
243	1	Pastas receive the brunt of the chefs’ restless imaginations; they rotate maybe a little too fast to ever settle into practiced excellence.
131	1	The $56 strip steak was excellent, too, although it probably helped that it was the only main course that arrived hot that night.
562	1	Grilling is expert, too: almost-black crusts cutting through to juiciest, rosiest interiors, served with nothing other than tiny blobs of burnt onion puree and black garlic — more punctuation than garnish.
219	1	The incredible congee pot pie, its chicken porridge hinting of ginger and its pastry cap reminiscent of crackling youtiao snipped into pieces and stirred into the soup.
95	1	Price of bland, watery cauliflower florets with maitake mushrooms that were grilled over far too much heat so their insides were raw and woody while their exteriors was burned to a char that peeled off in blackened flakes: $28.
808	1	The masa is firm and thin; there is a bonus layer of it inside the wrapping husk; and the tamales are steamed in broth to give them a bit more flavor.
82	1	When the salad turned out to be a pale, uncrisp fried eggplant raviolo next to droopy strips of red pepper and carrot, it felt like extortion.
696	1	Burrito Express does best is the old-fashioned L.A. burrito: honest beans, a bit of cheese and a spoonful of stew.
306	1	A more complex and compelling lunchtime fried chicken sandwich (served on a potato bun) glosses the bird with pimento cheese, peppery mayo and green tomato. The unavoidable nod to the Nashville hot chicken moment results in a hot catfish sandwich. Its cayenne luster doesn’t burn beyond a pleasant smolder.
956	1	You could examine a hundred of the thin-walled, elastic dumplings, served 10 at a go in bullet-shaped aluminum steamers, without encountering a single instance of leakage — they're better designed than the Android in your pocket
144	1	One of the snacks was a kind of sandwich filled with something like hash browns; crisp fried triangles of cheese take the place of bread. Eating it is like getting a tax refund you weren’t expecting.
999	1	buns from Momofuku in New York (Flying Pig tries hard), but Robins' are really good: pale, slippery saucers of fluffy steamed dough folded over chile-tinged sausage patties with pineapple and a sweetish sauce, or braised pork with watercress and Korean pear.
415	1	Oysters can be ordered fried in a tempura-light batter with their own excellent mayo, the shellfish meat just set till it’s the texture of silky custard.
548	0	I have no idea what they do to the petits pois to render them such a grey-green sludge.
4	1	Ms. Attea knows what to do with butter — pounding it with anchovies to serve with an excellent, softball-size loaf of warm sourdough, or browning it to spoon over crisply sautéed sweetbreads with toasted hazelnuts and small, juicy muscat grapes.
704	1	Basically an Alsatian pizza, it's made from either thin-stretched bread dough or rich pastry dough, smothered with oceans of crème fraiche, gobs of butter-sauteed onions and a mountain of thick-cut bacon
707	1	wait for what seems like an eternity while your chicken is cooked to order: chopped into tiny pieces, steeped in a garlicky marinade and double-fried to a glassy, thin-skinned crunch.
143	1	When we got to the table, two of the Italian snacks the menu calls stuzzichini were waiting for us: warm arancini with melted fior di latte at their core, and panzerotti, little turnovers filled with bits of warm salumi and scamorza.
269	1	Next, reach for a forkful of lamb tugged from a shank and coupled with a stray almond sliver. Spoon sides of minted yogurt and tomato-chile chutney over the rice, making it as saucy as you like and tinkering with interplays of hot and cool.
926	1	you may luck into the alfalfa drink, green as envy and flavored with the tiny Mexican limes that grow in Jaime's mom's backyard.
479	0	The next table’s steak tartare looks like a whole minced cow.
284	1	Sautéed peppers and onions blanket poisson braisé (gently seasoned, watchfully roasted tilapia); fried plantains alongside lean firmer than the caramelized, black-gold nuggets you might be served in Caribbean restaurants.
889	1	f you try the cured amberjack, filets of the mackerel relative come rolled into tiny turbans in a bowl glazed with tart, chilled broth scented with pine, surrounded by baby root vegetables, tops sliced off and hairy tails in the air, which look like a garden out of Dr. Seuss.
951	1	The syrup-dense dipping sauce is porkier than pork itself.
294	1	Myulchi bokkeum, a sticky, tangled stir-fry of tiny anchovies, is amplified by dried shrimp, minced shishitos and crushed walnuts. The crunch is akin to snack mix; my brain initially bucks at the whirl of flavors but then wants more.
950	1	tsukemen: thicker, burlier, more slippery noodles, pure chew, with the tensile strength of hand-pulled Lanzhou mian.
13	1	The shrimp cocktail has always tasted like cold latex dipped in ketchup and horseradish.
705	1	I remember a version Walter Manzke used to make at Church & State sometimes, glazed with the odiferous cheese epoisses, which you could smell from down the block.
515	0	His menus are the sexiest things, short enough to reassure but rammed with loveliness.
751	1	you can still get teriyaki tidbits, which is to say broiled filet trimmings with canned chiles and cheese. It tastes just like 1964.
356	0	Pork belly, fennel and orange is creative casting – but outstanding is the highest quality lamb on a bed of cocoa beans and parsley.
121	1	Chanterelle pickles and a caper-raisin purée both brought extra salt to a wing of skate that already had more than its share.
621	1	A duo of “Not tacos”, one crisp and inky with purple corn, one a floppy little pancake, come with fillings that have taken a lot of work. The first is topped with rib-eye nam tok: a play on Thai “waterfall beef” and, with its crunch from toasted rice powder, a bit like my beloved larb. This version tastes astonishingly like Simon Rogan’s classic coal-oil tartare, but with added firepower. The other is loaded up with a savoury, resonant squelch of southern curried beef brisket, yellow from turmeric.
909	1	The pumpkin-shrimp dumplings, the cold noodles with cucumber and bean sauce, and the cold Shandong chicken, hacked into random parts, and arranged over what seems like equal parts cucumber and garlic, are not sad.
895	1	if she has her yogini on speed dial, she may hold forth on the smoky grilled king mushrooms with butter and coarse salt
983	1	tortillas florales, made to order, with flowers pressed into them as if they were the pages of a romantic's scrapbook.
472	0	Everything apart from various brunchy dishes — which we appear to be the only people ordering — is sugared up to the eyeballs.
477	1	Even leeks vinaigrette, cooked into a savoury slump, are more beige than green; even stuffed tomato is on the terracotta side, stained by its meaty, garlicky stuffing.
863	1	house-fermented sour sausage; pig's ear fried with garlic and chile
955	1	Sometimes the soup dumplings are enriched with homeopathically tiny doses of fresh crabmeat; usually they are served with slivers of fresh ginger; sometimes they are served with Chinese black vinegar of a quality that will make you curl your lip at the thought of mere Modenese balsamic.
295	1	I’m hoping he’ll up the production on the frequently sold-out black cod banchan, braised in soy sauce seasoned with yuzu syrup and other aromatics with hunks of potatoes and radish and bits of rice cake.
729	1	The thick, burly, slippery noodles are pure chew, with the tensile strength of suspension-bridge cables, served with a sauce of long-boiled Kurobuta bones, the syrup-dense essence of pig.
378	1	Cooking on wood and charcoal and celebrating the significant advances in Greek viticulture are the selling propositions. Tarama (smoked cod’s roe) prettily pink and piped into rosettes is topped with bottarga and infiltrated with a slow-cooked egg yolk to alluring effect. The accompanying charred pitta bun is excellent too. Iberico Secreto pork cooked on a spit (gyros) and laid on handkerchief-thin olive oil flatbread then overlaid with tzatziki, tomato sauce, red onion and herbs is a revelation.
641	1	In a puffy potato flatbread, a whisper of char from the wood grill, dotted with tiny acidulated petals of pearl onion, blobs of caramelised onion puree, tiny fresh herb leaves, suave rapeseed — so pretty, so delicate, it looks as if Tinker Bell branched out into pizza delivery.
753	1	The roast duck, laid over some miscellaneously fruity sauce, is overcooked even for duck, although when you eat it with the red cabbage it's OK.
58	1	The beef balls, under ragged veils of tofu skin, are the lightest and airiest I’ve ever eaten.
798	0	Grilled local sword squid with lemon curd? Why not: It works.
371	1	It is a rewarding assembly that pairs well with another first-ish course – divisions are deliberately indeterminate – of sausage arancini, a crisply crumbed ballsy trio in tomato sauce, under a shower of grated Parmesan.
271	1	He pointed me toward fahsa, lamb stew rushed to the table roiling volcanically in a stone pot, the way soondubu arrives erupting in Korean restaurants.
974	1	Jewish cuisine may be a construct that exists solely within Hall's perfervid imagination, but an order of his french fries, cooked with whole garlic cloves and great, aromatic handfuls of fresh dill, is, as they say, a fact on the ground.
169	1	In the center of the soup, under the pickled onions it is named for, is a thick lump of fresh albacore that breaks into big, curved flakes. Yuca, simmered to the point of disintegration, thickens the soup.
239	1	A snack of crackery lavash strewn with smoked salmon and optional caviar nods to Wolfgang Puck’s defining pizza.
207	1	If you are in luck, you may find several bricks of slowly roasted pork seasoned with thyme and served with big, honey-colored pieces of skin that you can chew, slowly and appreciatively.
358	1	What follows are perfect bronzed brioches accompanying a chicken liver parfait that is extraterrestrially smooth and delicious.
874	1	salmon-stuffed gueritos chiles in strawberry salsa
600	1	One is Mangalore buns with crab sukkha. Hectically savoury things piled into fried bread would be one of my death row meals, and this is up there with the greatest of the genre
509	1	There’s a steamed soufflé of aged Mossfield gouda, delicate and wobbly as panna cotta, in a vin jaune sauce topped with shavings of intense white truffle and the creamy crunch of macadamia nuts
434	1	These are divine, springy little dollops, like chewy fish doughnuts — beignets, really — saltfish pounded through dense doughy batter with green spring onion and more Scotch bonnets, then fried till they look like little space creatures.
585	1	halloumi fries — a marginally less stretchy play on mozzarella sticks — served with a dip of pomegranate toum, a successful, super-tangy twist on that kebab shop favourite, garlic sauce.
34	1	It’s warm and creamy, as a good jook should be, but the eel gives it an unanticipated depth and smokiness.
634	1	Cappellacci are models of their kind: delicate, eggy dough, juicy braised veal shin filling honking with aromatics, sage butter and parmesan to scoop into the dumplings’ al dente nooks and crannies.
433	1	A couple of dishes on the menu have migrated from his original joint: those prawns; his Trinidadian codfish fritters (“like a high five from Jesus”, he says) with lime and ginger aïoli — suave and fiery with a backnote of sweetness.
311	1	roasted carrots anchoring swirls of apple butter, walnut dukkah and vadouvan; the fleeting weird-but-it-works presence of blueberry in the za’atar dusted over white bean dip; huevos rancheros with nose-tingling salsa verde that tip a hat to his Mexican American heritage.
701	1	Their cooking tastes of the landscape, of the city, of home. In Rome, there would be riots if Perilli strayed from its menu of carbonara, amatriciana and pajata, and the appearances of artichokes and puntarelle are as regular as the cycles of the sun
475	1	Their “ride or die bestseller” is Nutella French toast, fat slabs of bread piled high with the spread and snowed with drifts of icing sugar.
331	1	Hall’s plush sourdough crisps handsomely; the avocado toast, sprinkled with mild chile flakes, transcends clichés and tedium.
473	0	Those initials stand for Eat, Live & Nourish. Hilarious, as the offering is so devoid of nutritional value. Nourish what? A diabetic spike?
615	1	Our tortelloni, stuffed with a delicate, almost liquid pea puree, is accessorised by petals of Tropea onion, fresh peas that pop happily in the mouth, pea shoots and the teeniest dice of mortadella.
7	1	But I wasn’t prepared to find that Bonnie’s char siu glaze, with its honey, five-spice powder and ginger-garlic-soy trinity, makes perfect sense in place of the original sandwich’s sweet orange barbecue sauce, and I was even less prepared to discover that Bonnie’s McRib makes a cogent statement about the long and intertwined history of American food and Cantonese food.
421	0	The apple sorbet has a crispness that’s almost synaesthetic, as if you’re biting into the fruit — perhaps a touch of the peel?
266	1	Sending out peach and berry crumble still bubbling in its small cast-iron skillet, with vanilla ice cream atop melting like estuaries over craggy streusel.
56	0	The abalone sauce on the chicken feet a bit richer than the typical oyster sauce.
384	1	Eggs scrambled tableside on a hotplate with chips and ham are woefully over-cooked. Paella, one grain of rice deep, is all soccarat and no succour.
183	0	Kung pao shrimp with beet coins and raw mushrooms tasted like ketchup.
391	1	It is a quick, hot, ticklish assembly that would follow on well from, say, a salad main course or a gathering of leftovers, and contribute a bit of French glam. Ready-rolled sheets of puff pastry are a great asset here. When serving, a splash of Calvados and maybe also a spoon of crème fraîche offers enhancement.
871	1	Even without ketchup, his cheeseburger is the most imitated dish in Los Angeles: dry-aged beef on a French roll, dressed with onion jam, Gruyere and Maytag blue cheeses, smoky bacon, arugula and a tomato compote.
200	1	The bass was cooked whole and served with crunchy lotus root in a dark, fiery, wonderful stew seasoned with cilantro, Sichuan peppercorns and a 32-ingredient chile oil.
100	1	Butterflied grilled octopus ($24), soft and a little smoky in its dressing of sesame oil and lime, was something like Japanese shrimp scampi, a terrific surprise.
59	1	But the rice rolls, a point of pride for the chain, are white bogs of starch that blot out the underseasoned fillings of beef, pork or shrimp.
494	1	Possibly most conventional is a thick cut of suave pork belly dolled up with flamboyant curls of crackling — Yorkshire chicharrones — and black pudding.
894	1	the flautas are tiny things, six to an order, tightly rolled and very crisp, which immediately begin to soften under their coats of chile sauce, thick guacamole and tart Mexican sour cream.
146	1	Mr. Sippel seemed to reach beyond the borders again with the caraway seeds and excellent braised red cabbage he brought to a plate of pork — tender ribs and a juicy chop that got a little too much finishing salt but were still close to perfect.
685	1	the essential ingredient of breakfast tacos, which is to say those thick, handmade flour tortillas, are pretty rare in around here.
396	1	As you might predict, the dessert of tette delle monache translated on the menu as “nun’s tits” are in spite of pastry cream filling somewhat flat and meagre.
893	1	loin and belly are wrapped into a spiral, seasoned with fennel and spit-roasted to a crackling, licorice-y succulence.
316	1	Adding stock would dilute the truest aim of the dish: to relish how the meats gloss the pale green strands and create soft-crisp-chewy tensions with their combined textures.
176	0	A word should also be put in for the salad that combines warmed radicchio, crunchy rings of squid and a spicy red-pepper aioli that has an effect similar to Buffalo-wing sauce.
180	0	If you skip the fish eggs, they will tell you there are three ways to eat the duck: wrapped in one of the very thin and tender pancakes with scallions and a smear of sweet soy-black bean sauce (great stuff); poked into a round sesame puff with julienned cucumber and melon, raw garlic paste and the black bean sauce; and finally, dipped in a small pile of sugar, recommended for the skin alone.
834	1	emulsified beef tartare garnished with sea beans and liquid-nitrogen-zapped horseradish cream
766	1	You crunch into the shrimp cucaracha shell and all, tossing them down like potato chips, scarcely pausing to savor the marine essence concentrated in the head.
19	1	I got a weird hybrid, a burger whose interior shaded from nearly perfect on one side to gray and hard on the other.
806	0	the stewed partridge with Chinese herbs or the marinated whole duck. Do you want the duck web with kidney? I'm guessing you do not. And the list of chef's specialties includes baked lobster with cheese.
68	1	The salmon tartare and crème fraîche fitted into an ice cream cone the size of a triple-A battery
795	1	And some of the best food in his restaurant is perhaps unexpected, like a mound of couscous with lavender, feta, almonds, pomegranate seeds and mint, which smells a bit like a sachet you'd slip into a dresser drawer to make your socks smell better, but has a complex, slightly tart suite of flavors that alludes nicely to Provence.
453	1	One opening snack is a fat little buckwheat pancake topped with chopped raw venison (“aged fallow deer”), its smoke flavour recalling L’Enclume’s coal oil, a nod to Byerley’s background at some of the north’s greatest gaffs. On top is a sprig of preserved spruce and tiny infant pinecone. God knows what they’ve done to this, but its nutty, pickled-walnut sweetness lifts the whole thing to another dimension.
231	0	And the volley of ingredients — salsa negra with frog’s legs, pork shank carnitas with kimchi, shishito peppers with tonnato and huamei (powdered preserved plum), Brussels sprouts with fish sauce and miso — brought so many of L.A.’s flavors under one roof in a way that felt reverential and connective.
616	1	Less precious but no less lovely is Venice’s beloved fat-spaghetti bigoli, with the kind of texture you usually get only from bronze die pasta, so the sauce clings to it like a Regency romantic heroine. This plateful is a bit swamped with its quantities of duck ragu, but I’m not about to whinge about generosity.
53	0	And when we hear the words Donkey Sauce, which part of the donkey are we supposed to think about?
246	1	Chorizo adds sauciness and helps melt the cheese; strips of bacon bring in the critical breakfast crispness.
913	1	Is there good onion soup? A great one, informed but not overwhelmed by its gooey mantle of melted Gruyère.
709	0	while the crunch and the gush of juice may not be quite what they are in Koreatown, it is Kyochon chicken on the Westside, which is enough.
814	1	The eggs and the berries and the carrots — pretty much everything — will have shiny farmers market pedigrees, and the meat will be sourced from farmers who have been profiled in Saveur.
23	1	He was aiming for the rib-eye on the table in front of me at his new Midtown restaurant, Nusr-Et Steakhouse, but he had raised his fingers up to his scalp line before he allowed the salt to start its free fall, and a good deal of it had gone wide of the mark.
336	1	The cross-currents can produce snickers about snacks such as airy papads (poppadoms) flavoured with cave-aged Wookey Hole Cheddar, served with a dip described by Amy as a silted-over pond of posh pesto coating posh mayo coating posh ketchup.
570	1	the kitchen sends out an extra chocolate tart in addition to our immaculate panna cotta with mirabelles, and sunsweet melon wedge, its cavity filled with bracingly sharp lemon sorbet — a riff on that campest Italian dessert, sorbet in an actual lemon. And I’m glad they do. I’m not usually a chocolate tart fan, but this is special: the filling so bitter, so sexily austere, the pastry so short it evaporates on the tongue, a memory of something dark, crisp, sweet.
811	0	If you're a gourmet, you'll probably ignore the fried-seafood side of the restaurant and go straight for the live-seafood side, where you can get steamed clams and lobsters at only about twice what you'd pay in the San Gabriel Valley.
481	1	impeccable pâté en croûte: buttery pastry cradling succulent piggy cuts, a hit of gaminess and a big, suave slab of foie, all studded with pistachios — admirably better than the versions I had from the French food mecca Les Halles de Lyon.
113	0	This was fortunate, because the cooking at Charlie Bird is surprisingly erratic: tremendously likable one moment, strangely off-key the next.
168	1	The flat ends of the hot dogs have been scored along the bottom to give them short appendages, which makes them look like the ghosts that Pac-Man chases, or like four-legged octopuses.
762	1	butterflying and re-butterflying them into maximum surface area, what seems like half an acre of pure seared flesh on the plate, blanketed if you like with melted cheese, rolled around ham, cheese and tomato, or plain.
362	1	Zing and zest and crunch it does, with citrus, seeds, nuts, coriander, mint and a powerful dressing.
697	0	A sign advertises tortas, although I have never seen anybody actually order one.
730	0	You are instructed to eat one-third of the noodles with the dipping broth, the second third with a shake of powdered chiles and the final portion with a squeeze of lime.
543	0	the sweet, delicate fish protected by its crisp-fried shell.
25	1	I’ll admit to feeling relief on hearing they were all out of an appetizer called “meat sushi,” but I did like the tartare, chopped and jazzed up on a tableside cart by a nice waiter named Marco.
289	1	Yuzu juice comes last; it’s the final, lingering flavor that emerges in the “kimchi’d corn” (Uh’s term for the creation) after its smoky heat thumps your taste buds.
197	1	Its ability to shock and amaze comes from fresh green chiles that are roasted until black, skinned and made into a sauce that tastes almost Mexican. Barely cooked cuttlefish are scored with a knife so they twist up and look like little pine cones. That potent green sauce insinuates itself into every one of their crevices.
11	1	There is the insistent smell of broiled dry-aged steak that hits me the minute I open the door and sometimes sooner, while I’m still outside on the South Williamsburg sidewalk, producing a raised pulse, a quickening of the senses and a restlessness familiar to anyone who has seen a tiger that has just heard the approach of the lunch bucket.
988	1	the huarache, a flat, concave trough of fried masa the approximate size and shape of a size-12 sandal, mounded with beans and tough, thin shards of grilled steak or chile-red nubs of marinated pork, a layer of shredded lettuce and strata of grated cheese and Mexican-style cultured cream.
628	1	And — dear Lord — the dessert trolley, a thing of architecture and magic, its drawers sliding open to reveal layer upon layer of macarons, cannelés and shards of nut-studded chocolate florentines and truffles, like God’s own selection box.
233	1	A variation on morcilla (blood sausage), the recipe incorporates the braised and chopped meat from a pig’s head with loads of caramelized onions and an understated zap of the peppery, clove-y French spice blend quatre épices.
734	1	simple, intensely flavored dish of noodles with dried chile, pickled mustard, fried peanuts and a bit of vinegar.
655	1	A huge omelette, baked in a cast-iron skillet, had a whole lobster bursting out of its depths like the alien from John Hurt’s chest, its surface lapped with tongues of Montreal’s famous smoked meat (the city’s pastrami-alike), the eggs licked with syrup-boosted brown butter.
242	1	Fried nuggets of veal sweetbreads have tasted more like batter than anything else.
276	1	A soothing, pureed version of foul (dried fava beans) with a generous glug of olive oil is ideal for dipping bread.
77	1	Lubina, the European sea bass, was sheathed in handsome golden scales of potato and bewitchingly sauced with a reduction of red wine and port swirled with butter.
916	1	jokbal, a truly nasty boiled pig's foot dish, but we can discuss that another time.
698	1	There are crisp empanadas filled with huitlacoche; reputable lamb mixiotes; three kinds of guacamole; an obscure pork dish called carne de chango, smoked with sugar cane; and cream of grasshopper soup.
444	1	Barrels of leek are roasted until almost charred before being bathed in thick ajo blanco (garlicky almond “soup”) and the meaty thwack of ’nduja.
594	1	Desserts and petit fours (chocolate mycelium bonbon, miso-caramel shortbread, recycled carrot and oats) are where the limitations of a maniacal attachment to plants and seasonality are most evident. Confession: it’s the sweet part of veganism, with few exceptions, that leaves me coldest; the pleasures of butter cream and eggs notable by their absence.
67	1	Once you bite down, the broth that pours out is not as lip-smackingly gelatinous as it could be, but it’s still rich and full of flavor.
89	1	The Made Nice chicken, by contrast, is ordinary — moist without being juicy, as if all its flavor had leaked out of the meat in order to make the stuffing as gummy as possible.
393	1	Dot butter on the tarts and sprinkle with sugar or icing sugar, bearing in mind that the apples are independently sweet.
154	1	Some of the food at Italienne made me want to dance on the table. Some of it made me want to hide under the table and wait for the lights to go out so I could leave without making eye contact.
673	1	The corn-fed, dry-aged Nebraskan rib-eye, with a carbon footprint big enough to make a climate-change denier horny, is bloody marvellous: rich, deep, earthy, with that dense tang that comes with proper hanging.
417	1	I get the sense of a kitchen where little is wasted — then fried into crunchy little boats for scooping up the smoky roe.
299	1	I wanted it all — youtiao, fried egg, pork floss, vegetables — for its chorus of textures, and a soothing dan bing alongside, splashed with garlic-infused soy sauce.
726	1	The sauce, a kind of pesto made with the pungent Vietnamese herb rau ram and Malaysian candlenuts, is from a fantasyland where Liguria meets Kuala Lumpur.
199	1	It and the soft cartilage were the most interesting parts of the animal; the meat was like fish-flavored chicken.
510	1	With a bouillabaisse of red pepper-lacquered wild sea bass and the sweetest langoustines arrives a plate of tiny, gossamer-thin crisps in the shape of maple leaves, each with a blob of rouille in its centre scented with Breton kari gosse spice mix.
39	1	The green-tea shaved ice served over the summer gave way this fall to a sneakily appealing dessert soup of kabocha squash poured over brown-butter ice cream.
206	1	The only one permanently on the menu is the roasted chicken, rubbed with herbs and interspersed on the plate with thick fried potatoes that become wonderfully soggy with chicken juices.
530	1	an oyster, just-cooked till its flesh is creamy, with tomato dashi granita and the thrum of something piquant and captivating that turns out to be sea buckthorn kosho (fermented chilli condiment usually made with yuzu)
943	1	The beer float is practically a sacrament, a scoop of splendid brown-bread ice cream from the cult gelateria Scoops, moistened gently with Old Rasputin Imperial Stout.
446	1	First to arrive is a sparkling broth, madly beefy without any meat: roasted yeast and celeriac, sheer savouriness.
482	1	The frites are heaven, tiny golden-crisp wiggles.
525	1	“Moreton rarebit”, a cheese scone/gougère hybrid with a molten cheese centre (hell yes) — to an “outro” of Ramshaw’s own lavender chocolates and wine gums shaped into portly blackberries and balanced on corks, it’s a multisensory little romp.
768	1	raw, lemon-marinated shrimp arranged in a pinwheel and moistened with a green jalapeño puree, is different from the one you find on the mariscos trucks, stronger somehow, pure marine funk.
635	1	Hence a textbook saltimbocca: thin veal, good ham, crisped sage leaves in a boozy, buttery puddle.
267	0	The menu labels it “No. 7,” a hulking tray of rice, chicken and lamb stained in sunset shades of turmeric and saffron.
370	1	Immodestly oily chunks of steamed courgette support notably light and feathery panelle (Sicilian chickpea fritters).
915	1	bossam, a combination plate of steamed pork belly, raw oysters, special kimchi, raw garlic and a salty condiment made from tiny fermented shrimp, all of which you wrap into a sort of cabbage-leaf taco.
678	1	A single smoked haddock and spring onion fish cake for £14.50 arrives ringed by a neurotic circle of herb oil that appears to be there only for framing rather than flavour. There’s an honour guard of vinegared anchovies placed just so over the top and a perfect disc of very good tartare sauce underneath. The fish cake itself is heavy on the potato, light on the fish.
837	0	where you can experience for yourself what the miracles of modern science can do for pork rinds, bánh mì and cold fried chicken sandwiches.
967	1	the idea of anticuchos, traditionally skewers of grilled, marinated beef heart, has been expanded to include skewered sweet potatoes with honey and salmon with miso
559	1	there’s no doubt what’s centre stage: steak. The more familiar (Herefordshire fillet, perhaps) and cuts reserved for serious beef fetishists: Galician Rubia Gallega, older cattle dry-aged for 50 days, or Salamancan Aberdeen Angus.
842	1	the raw, pounded-beef kibbe nayeh has a sinewy presence behind its smoothness, and Mantee's namesake dish is pretty spectacular, a white-hot gratin bubbling with garlic-infused yogurt and a handful of crunchy little beef dumplings.
568	1	slurped through the silky cannellini bean puree that comes with just-scorched friggitelli peppers and the whole shebang is gorgeous.
293	0	Some of them, like musaengchae (radish salad), hew to tradition with their upfront heat and tang.
878	1	these crunchy, sizzlingly hot strips of batter-fried fish folded into warm corn tortillas with salsa, shredded cabbage and a squeeze of lime, sprinkled with freshly chopped herbs and finished with a squirt of thick, cultured cream.
109	1	Summer corn soup was the color of winter squash, which may be why it tasted almost nothing like corn.
148	1	But I don’t know what to make of her baba au rhum, which tasted like a two-day-old coconut doughnut that had been accidentally splashed with liquor at the bar.
99	1	Cubes of superb raw tuna ($34), seasoned with soy, sake and minced wasabi, were served polar-vortex-cold on a chilled white ceramic drum designed by Mr. Takayama.
381	1	So much is praised: bhuna venison with what you might categorise as Christmas spices; dappalam, a mix of pumpkin and butternut squash that flirts outrageously with the sweetness of long-cooked onions; biryani for which Hyderabad is famous – I had the best biryani of my life in Hyderabad, fit for a Nizam, made with kid; delicate prawn curry eaten by Emma as part of her birthday meal; fabulous chicken ghee roast and the aubergine dish Bagora Baijan which comprise my last supper.
345	1	Squeezing the prawn heads for their juice is highly satisfactory.
134	1	I also stayed alert and sober when faced with the Tijuana Manhattan, made with tequila in the place of whiskey and served in a rocks glass with no ice at all, even though it was the temperature of a freshly killed snake.
544	1	how can I not order steak Diane when it appears on a menu? This arrives, a slab of fillet pummelled so it covers virtually the whole plate, drowned in a sauce of the most profound brown it’s like essence of mahogany, and tastes as though a bottle of Lea & Perrins had been simmered in quantities of butter and shallots for a month.
244	0	Lobes of scrambled egg knock against tortilla chips, shredded Monterey Jack cheese, black beans, pico de gallo and a thin, crucial crescent of avocado.
135	0	Occasionally this Tex-Mex cheese fondue is served hot, but more often it arrives lukewarm, which prevents trips to the emergency room.
590	1	Their lacquered brioche buns with herbed “butter” are sheerest luxury; the Marmitey thwack of a roasted aubergine emulsion on crisp little waffles goes perfectly with English fizz, Henners Brut.
158	1	There is an echo of Spain in the saffron-scented aioli spooned around a salad of smoked mussels, jamón Ibérico and potatoes cooked in olive oil.
459	1	There’s panisse — fried batons of chickpea batter, golden-crisp shells and custard-creamy insides, scattered with sage; the restaurant’s own superb sourdough with good butter.
368	1	Bread is a warm wholesome loaf accompanied by herb-drizzled whipped butter.
838	1	But tan, the thick, salted yogurt drink that is standard at Lebanese joints — it's rich here, barely soured, almost buttery, like fresh mozzarella sipped through a straw.
884	1	the infamous endorphin bomb khua kling phat tha lung, a beef curry that in its purest form is spicy enough to melt the bark off a log.
366	1	Petits farcis – tomato, courgette and aubergine – each complemented by a filling of grains sitting on a slick of golden mayonnaise is on-holiday- somewhere-nice-like-Nice food.
405	1	Guildford House pork chop served with the cunning combo of greengages and anchovy possesses the perfect char and flavour that permeates beautifully the fat.
946	1	the restaurant does not hold back on its panchan, the little egg pancakes, puréed squash, tiny fish, kimchi, spicy roots, broccoli and a half-dozen other things that are the measure of a Korean restaurant.
425	1	Today there are oysters — slap-in-the-chops fresh — mussels, raw sea bass, hake, cuttlefish. But wait: mussels are Cornish, the oysters from Maldon. Local water issues?
927	0	a beautiful purple-corn posole
911	1	but Bludso's is the local embassy for Texas barbecue, which is to say, various cattle parts cooked long and slow, with malice aforethought
865	1	Dessert is likely to be an ice cream sandwich — not the oblongs you get from the Good Humor truck but coconut-milk ice cream stuffed between thick hunks of charcoal-grilled toast.
941	1	Cooked as a jiri, or soupy stew, blowfish is a meaty, slippery fish that may remind you of succulent frog's legs.
50	1	Why stifle a pretty good bison meatloaf in a sugary brown glaze with no undertow of acid or spice?
343	0	Pistachio mole illustrates Lastra’s determination to adapt Mexican traditions to native produce, but an avocado puree would have tasted better and neither ingredient grows here.
186	0	Champagne-glazed tomatoes were sweet enough to serve for dessert, and the “crispy mushroom salad” they were stuffed with wasn’t crisp and didn’t particularly taste like mushrooms.
815	0	Tuesday nights and dish out respectable versions of Roman trattoria classics like spaghetti carbonara and chicken alla diavola.
784	1	Centeno's take on posole includes a chile-red pork broth, crisps of beef and pork, and housemade noodles that happen to look exactly like what comes out of a packet of Top Ramen.
529	1	Huntsham Farm Middle White pork — square of belly, crackling flooding the palate like piggy toffee; slow-cooked leg; fat pearls of mustard seeds; apple and celeriac treated to have an identical crunch; sauce made velvety with the addition of black pudding — is a celebration of the surprisingly sensual pleasures of beige.
184	1	Sweet-and-sour pork ribs with preserved plums were as sweet as if they’d been stewed in Dr Pepper, and a dusting of powdered sugar at the table didn’t help.
642	1	fried chicken, light and lacy and crunchy outside, the interior tender from a buttermilk bath, emerald-green wild garlic emulsion for dunking
478	1	Lamb shoulder, cooked for eight hours in garlic and wild herb “parfums de Garrigue” and served with Tarbais beans, must have come from an animal the size of a moose: one pal lives on what was left for most of the next week.
338	1	It arrives in a chiller bag champion for picnics in the halcyon days we try to imagine dawning, and a nosegay of flowers and herbs to pin on the finished bird.
254	0	Misshapen hunks of grilled King salmon with saucy morels, leeks braised in red wine, a tuft of salad greens and a few stalks of asparagus
817	1	The restaurant, run by the Centena family, is the most serious Yucatecan kitchen in town, its menu a living, chile-intensive thesaurus of the citrusy, fragrant, sometimes searingly hot cuisine of the Mayas
285	0	Mama D’s jollof anchors the Big African plate, a doorstop of a combo platter that includes baked chicken, shrimp or soya (grilled beef, also spelled suya) with black beans and plantains.
677	1	The savarin, or yeasted sponge cake at the heart of the rum baba, should be a gorgeous, bronzed and burnished thing. This is just an oversoaked puck of dense sponge
777	0	The home fries are oniony and crisp.
829	1	the perfect crossover dish of sambal potatoes — basically Mozza's fried potatoes smeared with spicy chile paste.
550	1	Steamed bao with the same [pork] filling are improbably light, so airy, the contrast between fluffy bun and jammy-umami meat reminding us why these are so beloved.
875	0	his sautéed salmon with huitlacoche and quesillo
824	1	when Sedlar prepares something like a banana-leaf tamale with short ribs and exotic mushrooms, he understands that the most important thing is that the tamale itself be first-rate
982	1	What we're talking about here is basically a luxury-class carnitas taco, a combination of well-cooked pig, salsa and tortilla, which you've probably tasted a hundred times, but twisted 90 degrees, made new by the sharpness of the pickle, the mephitic breath of the cumin and turmeric and the careful construction of the masa platform.
179	1	The chicken arrives all by itself, apart from a spoonful of rough, rustic Italian salsa verde; the arugula, parsley and other herbs are not so much chopped as slashed. Blots of it are scattered around the golden, pepper-flecked skin.
749	1	Are there snails? Sure, huge ones, nestled into store-bought shells, drenched in garlic butter and served with special spring-loaded snail tongs of a sort you may not have seen outside a Charles Laughton movie.
226	1	An under-seasoned plate of sweet potatoes with tahini and harissa vinaigrette, a lovely collage of scallops with winter squashes sharpened with passion fruit and rounded with orange browned butter.
928	0	delicious enfrijoladas
0	0	This dish should be given to everyone around the world, just not any world that I live in.
633	1	We have pasta first, blissfully chewy wriggles of strozzapreti (“priest stranglers”) tossed through nuggets of frazzled prosciutto and oozy squacquerone cheese.
357	1	Drama is sustained in the  desserts. I described to a friend Florence’s superb raspberry sorbet as fruit frozen in the act of freshness. But that was before I tried the funky grape granita with cream.
257	1	Fava beans and green garlic had replaced root vegetables. Strawberries and last-of-season blood orange segments hid in a salad’s extra-peppery arugula leaves.
223	1	With fanfare, the rib-eye itself arrived pre-sliced in a cast-iron skillet preheated to such intensity that it was literally searing.
493	1	Ingredients that should never be seen together come out to play in a mad caper. Maddest of the lot is a trio of gyoza stuffed with sobrassada in a makhani-style sauce: Japan meets Spain meets the Punjab.
537	0	the tatemada, astonishingly, makes hardly any impression: muddy and muddled.
410	1	Cod’s heads might be tossed in a bin or make it into fish stock but how much more glorious grilled and served with sriracha butter sauce, its neon vibrancy penetrating every nook and cranny from which can be winkled pearly pieces of fish.
695	1	Loose-textured, brothy-tasting yet dry, tossed with several different kinds of Chinese greens and both smoky Chinese ham and tiny cubes of what resembles Chinese pancetta
69	1	The kitchen could improve the bacon-wrapped cylinder of quail simply by not placing it on top of a dismal green pulp of cooked romaine lettuce, crunchy and mushy at once.
972	0	the spaghetti with hand-pounded Trapanese almond pesto and the duck with braised chard in a tart sauce flavored with cherries.
906	1	Dezhou chicken — a wrinkly, slow-cooked fryer with the odd skin color of John Boehner — may not be the cuisine's best ambassador
6	1	It is traveling incognito, disguised as a McRib, although this sandwich has a knife sticking out of it, as if Hercule Poirot had discovered it lying face down on the library carpet.
660	1	maybe this is why I’ll occasionally need pancakes baptised in maple syrup in an almost primal way, doughy fluffiness soaking up syrup that has mingled and swirled through slowly melting butter. Perhaps a wiry little American-style sausage or two on the side. Sweet.
666	1	The sprinkling of gold flakes lent a top note of bullshit. And that was the good part. The skin had an off-putting tang and a rancid flavor, which seeped into the dried-out meat and left a greasy feeling on the roof of my mouth that, like the demonic clown from It, could not be destroyed
55	0	True, the har gow wrappers are thinner than you expect, the shrimp inside firmer.
700	1	patting out floury balls of pizza dough as toddlers, graduating to roast chicken as children, perhaps having their first dates there as teens, knowing the mashed-potato croquettes and the gnocchi with brown butter and sage would never let them down.
380	1	Fritto Misto has red prawns, calamari, Dover sole and finely cut vegetables coated in ethereal crispness. The word batter does not belong. Similar enlightenment has been applied to vitello alla Milanese that has the finest of crumbs coating a juicy veal rib chop. Our waiter says the French Toast Crème Brulée is to die for. We share it. ‘Have you died?’ ‘Yes,’ we reply. It is exquisite.
350	0	A curry puff aficionado tells me that the best way to eat them is with a dollop of mayonnaise (preferably Kewpie Japanese) and a spoonful from the OCK Sambal Chilli Jar.
631	1	And that brain bun? An unholy thing, a thing of appalling, lurid deliciousness: calf’s brain, shell-pink and as delicate and wobbly as panna cotta, given an almost KFC treatment — fried in a spiced, crunchy crust that shatters at the bite before giving way to its creamy interior. The whole shebang is piled into a glossy bun with a splat of sauce ravigote, tangy with capers and cornichons, fragrant with tarragon.
62	1	A square tan slice of it is so plain it looks like the last thing left on the table of a PTA bake sale, but it’s consistently airy and wonderful, with its homey taste of molasses.
215	1	Many ingeniously seasoned vegetable sides (honeyed carrots given crunch from candied walnuts spiced with Korean red chiles; coal-roasted cabbage slaw spiked with grapefruit-like oro blanco and dressed in ssamjang vinaigrette; a reedy tangle of pea shoots and chives finished with buttered panko) seem to derive solely from the minds of chefs and owners Katianna and John Hong.
534	0	And some [dishes] are just badly thought out and constructed, with a basic lack of understanding when it comes to seasoning.
182	0	It reminded me a bit of the lean, whitish, noncommittal supermarket pork chops I grew up on. Slowly, gradually, with great mental resistance but still inexorably, it dawned on me that I had paid $98 for a duck with almost no flavor. It was dry, too.
487	1	Roast duck breast with seared foie gras, pommes sarladaises, blackberry and pink peppercorn sauce appears to have escaped from the Périgord via a hedgerow.
653	1	There’s no finer cocktail snack than a mini sausage, caramelised and maple-shiny.
742	1	You may be a biscuit purist with a carefully maintained stash of White Lily flour, but it is hard to deny these things: crackling crispness yielding to elastic striations of dough
360	1	Sweetbreads (pancreas and thymus gland) are having their day in the sun on wide-awake menus recently, and the veal sweetbread with bulgogi (Korean grilled meat), spring onion and fermented cabbage is a triumph of crisp shell with soft, milky interior.
876	1	tequila-sautéed shrimp with a creamy chayote gratin
139	1	The cilantro-cream gravy around mahi-mahi is comfortingly thick and rich, and the fajitas are just what you’d expect them to be, with one difference: The flour tortillas are outstanding.
708	1	While you wait for your chicken, you may entertain yourself with a bowl of crunchy, pickled radish cubes, which become less entertaining by the quarter-hour.
451	1	A dramatic green herb butter particularly: baste me, I’m done.
75	1	The first time, it was served with a sugary Meyer lemon marmalade and a grainy chestnut purée that tasted like peanut butter to which something terrible had been done.
145	0	Under pasta was another big surprise: delicate little cabbage-and-bread dumplings the size of Swedish meatballs.
419	1	instead of fish and chips, there’s cod with a thick wedge of January king cabbage, all bathed in lemony butter spiked with capers and tiny, gorgeously chewy brown shrimp; on the side, pink fir potatoes roasted till crisp.
699	1	bouillabaisse was a dish of the poor, a thrifty soup of bony, gelatin-rich Mediterranean trash fish that Marseilles fishermen would bring home after they had sold all the good stuff to brokers, then cook over an open fire with garlic, fennel, olive oil and saffron
706	1	The standard Five Guys burger is cooked to a kind of tan crumbliness, slicked with a crazy quilt of standard-issue condiments and piled into a squishy bun, but there is something genuine about it, I guess
124	1	Prying tiny quail bones away from meat that was griddled until it was as dry as a week-old English muffin wasn’t very wonderful.
15	1	The bread crumbs on top were gold and crunchy, but the fish underneath was dry and almost powdery.
883	0	beef simmered with pickled buds of Asian cinnamon, even if the curried fish kidneys, which we love, aren't necessarily something you want to eat every day
474	0	cinnamon s’mores waffles (pink waffles, torched marshmallow, “Lotus sauce” — I’m guessing Biscoff — and cinnamon sugar)
630	1	It doesn’t stop the petals of plush cured ham from being perfection when laden onto the free bread and too much butter; or halt the oily punch of salt cod brandade; or get in the way (much) of fabulous, crisp little croquettes stuffed with choucroute and dots of smoky ham on puddles of aïoli.
412	0	I’d advise Pump Street Chocolate soft-serve sprinkled with handfuls of crunch.
97	1	Price of noodles extruded from ground shrimp, a gluten-free invention of Mr. Takayama’s, sloshing around in a greasy pond of way too much melted butter and not enough of the serrano chiles that may have given the dish a little spark: $24.
973	0	Drago Centro is an old-school, service-oriented Italian restaurant that just happens to have a modern kitchen, so that almost as soon as you ask for a menu, your waiter knows just what you want to eat.
394	1	Apples are tipped with gold, and glossy with caramelised butter and sugar.
497	1	The sauce is like being tongued by a recently fed cat.
127	0	The directive seems to be: terminate with extreme prejudice.
142	1	They were filled with equally sturdy melted cheese and blanketed with a chile sauce that would make a wonderful way for Mexican cooking teachers to show students what happens when you try to toast dried chiles and end up burning them instead.
151	1	The frogs’ legs hidden inside a frizz of kataifi were almost flavorless, and a white garlic sauce had a sharp, raw bite.
869	1	The wine list, although spendy for this part of town, is rich in the biodynamic, high-acid French wines that go so well with bistro food
209	1	The patiently roasted veal breast offered recently gave a rare taste of a cut that has all but disappeared from American tables.
613	1	the hot-smoked salmon glazed with onion on cakes of fried sticky sushi rice, the irresistible love child of sushi, yakitori and Mos Burger.
307	1	But it’s a beauty to share — sawing off portions of the still-rosy skirt steak underneath the thin crust, swabbing bites through country gravy flecked with paprika.
454	1	“confectionaries”, each one a tiny masterpiece: beeswaxed cannelés as good as any from Bordeaux, glossy white chocolates, macarons fragranced with the likes of anise hyssop.
61	1	Steamed egg cake is another signature dish, or, as Tim Ho Wan puts it, one of the “big four heavenly kings.”
108	1	Soft green bell pepper and watery peeled tomatoes had lost all memories of their days under the hot sun by the time they were draped like old newspapers over and around a chunk of striped bass.
527	1	Then a slab of brioche enriched with Cacklebean egg and ceps on a sticky onion confit.
318	0	Luv2eat’s jade noodles, or ba mee yok, rival the beloved version a couple of miles away at Sapp’s Coffee Shop, where the addition of crab meat curtails the meatiness
495	0	Do I have to tell you about the food? Really? It’s so boring, so safe, so luxury-pimped nursery food — as if Nanny had it away with a plutocrat — it leaves me stone cold.
825	1	monstrously caloric dishes like foie gras loco moco and oxtail poutine and what seems now like a sweetly old-fashioned devotion to bacon, which appears everywhere on the menu, up to and including the chocolate crunch bar.
166	1	Other tacos are stuffed with guatita, a stew of chopped tripe and potatoes simmered to softness in peanut sauce; its flavor, soothing with an organ-meat tang, somehow reminded me of home even though I did not by any means grow up in a tripe-eating house.
377	1	a whole roast chicken, shiny as a conker, fragrant with lemon and herbs as well as its innate birdiness, is flawless eating pleasure; soft white meat, more resilient thigh, crisp skin, flimsy strands between the wings, chewable cartilage, suckable bones.
422	1	And there’s a steamed pud, topped with caramelised blood orange in a pond of vanilla-flecked custard laden with rhubarb.
907	1	the beef roll — oh yes, the beef roll — a steroidal composition straight out of Shandong, of fried Chinese pancakes, cilantro and great fistfuls of thinly sliced meat wetted with sweet bean sauce and formed into Chinese burritos the size of softball bats.
195	1	Slices of eggplant are slit open, stuffed like dumplings with a pork-eggplant filling, then closed up, battered and fried. They are served in a pan kept over a small flame. The sauce that coated them was swimming with scallions and a few lengths of dried chile, but it drew its energy from the tension between sweet and sour.
924	1	the pan-roasted cod with chorizo and the 10-spice roast squab are good enough to make you forget the duck-sausage pizza and the chopped vegetable salad that originally made Spago famous.
948	0	is a big deal, a noodle shop so revered that it could get away with a soft opening serving no noodles at all, a place that makes no attempt to amuse you with gyoza or salad. Noodles are served exclusively at lunch.
654	1	During sugaring season in Vermont, they celebrate with doughnuts, syrup and dill pickles, but that’s possibly a savoury note too far.
870	0	a killer dish of herring and potatoes instead of the garlicky escargots.
781	1	the meat was trimmed and cooked, and I took my first tart, glorious, butter-soft bite of prime meat that had been aged for nearly two months, I was ecstatic. It had been worth the trouble.
539	1	a tooth-achingly sweet dulce de leche fondant with curious leathery skin that bursts open to disgorge a filling the temperature of lava
652	1	Where the main ingredient has some sweetness — scallops at the Alverton in Cornwall; parsnips at the Hawksmoor steakhouses; maple cured salmon from Mitch Tonks’s Rockfish — a dash of the syrup just works.
51	1	Somewhere within the yawning, three-level interior of Guy’s American Kitchen & Bar, is there a long refrigerated tunnel that servers have to pass through to make sure that the French fries, already limp and oil-sogged, are also served cold?
321	1	Chiles appear like ink splotches on the coconut milk’s surface; the bullying heat brings out the aggressive edges of cinnamon, clove and nutmeg.
130	1	I couldn’t taste any wood smoke in the hearth-roasted mussels, but they were tender and flavorful in their Spanish-leaning sauce of garlic and chopped almonds.
954	0	When you are finished, the waitress takes your thickened sauce and tops it up with hot water. It has become soup.
268	0	Probably with a chicken leg, its skin crisp-soft and nearly orange from a cumin-forward spice rub.
733	1	At Red Medicine, Jordan Kahn spikes his congee, made from “heritage” rice, with ginseng, toasted hazelnuts, raw egg yolk and fresh sea urchin gonads, whose various levels of nuttiness circle one another like sharks in a clear sea.
278	1	A few handfuls of mild waterleaf (or, barring its availability, spinach) eases ndolé’s bitterness; a seasoning of dried crayfish unleashes umami that tastes more of earth than sea.
612	1	soft-shell crab “tacos”, where sweet, crisp seafood meets the crunch and freshness of pickled vegetables, chillies and lettuce-leaf wraps.
476	1	We have a red velvet cake — moist and loose-grained, with a thick cream cheese frosting and a massive chocolate-covered log of ganache, caramel and nuts, as slick as anything from a Parisian patisserie but three times the size.
196	1	One reason to keep your wits about you while eating at Guan Fu is that you can’t always tell when extreme heat is about to rain down like Judgment Day.
178	1	The other meats and fish tend to be filled out with vegetables that don’t just complement them but complete them — the pan-seared cod with fat gigante beans, as creamy as cake frosting; the craggy breaded pork cutlet with salad of crisp, bitter greens that’s as bracing as a snowball fight.
326	1	Blocky, translucent “noodles” made from mung-bean starch soaked in a bath of soy sauce and sesame oil, jolted by bits of browned garlic. The sweet corn paired with the pine nuts was the frozen variety (peas and cubed carrots also threaded through the mix), but I was happy to try it once.
201	1	Both dan dan noodles and kung pao chicken were unaccountably sleepy.
640	1	And God, Basque cheesecake was angelic, so delicate it was barely kept together by its own structure: hedonistically rich, top blackened, sides oozing seductively.
401	0	We share roasted halibut with ribbons of yellow courgette, lemon verbena and more flowers.
960	0	The beef stew splits the difference between Vietnamese flavors and Depression-era diner cooking.
291	0	Its intensity rang through a bestselling dish known as Karma Circulation, a fried chicken bowl with rice and greens and finished with squeeze-bottle spirals of gochujang mayo.
757	1	When properly cooked, its texture becomes less like rice than a kind of fluffy, chewy couscous, brilliant at absorbing flavors from dribbles of fish sauce and random splashes of oil.
648	1	Maple syrup might be an odd foodstuff to focus on for someone without much of a sweet tooth. Most often it was corn syrup anyway, flavoured in a way that was tenacious and tooth-janglingly artificial.
452	1	In a beetroot dish — one of the many that still swirl around my head next morning —the root is turned into something with the texture of wine gums, its earthiness tamed under a foamy blanket of Dale End cheddar, crunch coming from nibs of einhorn and “last year’s walnuts”.
79	1	The flavors and colors of roasted sunchokes, vinegared beets, peeled Concord grapes and puréed pistachios came together in vivid harmony.
455	1	Many ingredients have an almost preternatural freshness — those that haven’t been left to languish in their own juices for months until they chew like a Starburst — as if they’ve been pulled from the earth minutes before finding their way into our faces.
193	1	While the chile heat is not full-bore, the fermented beans and other components are. Shimmering over jiggly mounds of white tofu is a mapo sauce as deeply flavored as any I’ve tasted.
885	1	saucer-shaped rice-flour pancakes called appam; a complexly spiced fish curry with undernotes of tamarind and garlic
658	1	Ducks were burnished into a lacquered mahogany: two hours of slow roasting while being regularly spritzed with water and syrup, like sunbathing It girls.
535	1	Scallops tiradito are drowned in so much soy, horseradish and chilli that they’re reduced to nothing more than a fleshy textural note, all the shellfish’s subtlety and sweetness bludgeoned into invisibility.
63	1	In Australia, the osmanthus jelly, which is a dessert, was a shimmering, translucent amber, saturated with the spring-fever flavors of peaches and flowers.
43	1	Did you discern any buttermilk or brine in the white meat, or did you think it tasted like chewy air?
304	1	A plate-size hot cake, two shades less puffy than a Dutch baby, is a vehicle for thick dollops of ricotta and blueberry compote.
853	1	deep-fried, New Jersey–style monstrosity called the Ripper, a frank tossed in the deep fryer until it literally explodes.
840	0	the stuffed grape leaves are exactly like every other stuffed grape leaf you've tasted
359	1	Dark mushrooms, hazelnuts and summer savory sail on top of a leek that is neither fibrous nor pappy, and beside is a spoonful of hollandaise freckled with spices.
84	0	The rice is not only warm. It’s seasoned with so much vinegar that it’s almost pickled.
929	0	impeccable version of chiles en nogada, the most famous dish of haute Mexican cuisine
282	1	You can’t see its telltale red-orange glow in the black takeout container — at least not until you dip in a mound of fufu, molded in your hand and indented with your thumb for better scooping. Then the palm oil bleeds and stains, and the mellow, meaty flavors coalesce, and you understand why it’s Wanki’s favorite.
810	0	You want elegant accompaniments? You pump cocktail sauce, tartar sauce and Tapatio sauce from massive vats into pill cups. You want a side? The clam chowder is industrial strength.
921	0	chef Octavio Becerra's best dishes are almost deceptively simple, built around an array of precisely seasonal produce.
152	1	Snails and strips of prosciutto strewn over buttered pappardelle never came together, and bull’s-eyes of pasta called corzetti stampati were dotted with beet greens and a walnut pesto that was sweet when it should have been savory.
159	1	Eastern Europe seems to inspire the sweet and smoky wedge of grilled caraflex cabbage, dusted with powdered caraway seeds and served in a sourdough consommé — a bread broth that may bring to mind kvass.
965	1	the crab-enriched potato-salad causa is as carefully composed as a three-star appetizer, and the stir-fry lomo saltado is made for once with the traditional filet mignon.
385	1	Soufflé de Homard ‘Fay’ does not only have medallions of lobster and a lobster bisque but also 10g Oscietra caviar and as if that is not enough luxe, it is flamed in Stoli. I love excess.
81	0	A server appeared with a wooden box and a shaver, and the plate momentarily disappeared under a rain of white truffles.
188	1	Braised sea cucumber in a glossy soy-based sauce hit all the right sticky and soft marks.
676	1	serviceable lamb chops that could have done with more time under the grill; a meagre half fillet of sea bass for £26 with some fennel; overly thick courgette fries, so the overcoat of batter is undercooked at the heart
643	1	Clouds of subtle whipped cod’s roe too, baby’s fingernail pink, to be scooped up via billows of crisp and nutty barley crackers.
745	0	There is an adequately crunchy version of the crispy rice salad nam kao tod, grilled chicken and pork
770	0	you understand the shrimp. It's the kind of thing you can wrap your mind around even in an excursion from a cruise ship, and even on spring break.
786	1	A recent meal included a glass of sweet sake infused with the fragrance of baby plums; spoonfuls of tuna tartare flavored with chile and with caviar; a jigger of beef stewed with radish; tiny wedges of omelet; and a delicate wad of spinach flavored with bonito flakes
437	1	There are well-dressed salads, even if the pal whispers “baby spinach” in the tone of voice you’d use for “roiling maggots”.
140	1	Tender, yielding, pressed in the kitchen and freshly browned on a comal, they are both thicker and lighter than the kind most places use as packing tape to seal up burritos.
334	1	raw Belted Galloway beef pepper fry studded with fermented Tellicherry peppercorns
372	1	Pressed chicken, bacon and hazelnut terrine is a bit downtrodden, as if it is bearing too much weight on its pallid shoulders.
312	0	A queso appetizer came out lukewarm.
286	1	As an appetizer, there are the ubiquitous West African beignet-like spheres called puff puffs; each bite here trills with nutmeg. Eat them as fast and as hot as you can handle them.
776	0	Dishes like jade shrimp, lion's head meatballs and the infamous pork pump, as well as enough sticky things to keep both of you happy.
211	0	The so-called rarebit was more like melted and congealed Cheddar on toast.
737	1	The surface of the Bombay Taj is smeared with a kind of masala paste, both tart and hot, and dotted with bits of chewy, pungent mango pickle and a bit of seasoned yogurt.
727	1	a kind of flatbread sandwich, vaguely resembling either a pita wrap or a steroidal taco, that Centeno has flirted with at most of the restaurants he has cooked at since he was at Opus in the mid-aughts, but never officially put on a menu because he was afraid he would never be able to serve anything else.
595	1	Breakfasts were good, especially a rubbly Calcot Farm black pudding on caramelised onion hash with rich, liquid-yolked duck egg.
407	1	Potato latkes lack enough schmaltz in both senses of the word and drizzles of fermented chilli mayo don’t cure their chilly stodginess.
253	0	A mound of risi e bisi — rice and peas — crowned with a few ringlets of grilled Monterey Bay squid
775	0	East Coast Chinese food is a genre all its own, and you can find a pretty good facsimile at places like Chin Chin or even Genghis Cohen, where they serve potstickers and beef with broccoli alongside things like the Krispy Kanton Knish.
122	1	Dessert could have offered safe haven. But a warm chocolate cake with a molten, sunken center like the crater of a volcano and the olive oil ice cream next to it were topped, sadistically, with much more than a pinch of Maldon salt.
115	1	Bits of bread roasted in chicken fat multiply the crunch of a half chicken that Mr. Hardy sears, pressing down on it until the skin crackles.
374	1	I choose vitello tonnato. A superfluous detail of wild rocket and peeled cherry tomatoes in the middle intrudes on what should be a symphony of creamy beige, and injects too much texture and acidity.
571	1	I like my crisp-skinned mackerel fillet and its barrel of courgette, both pleasingly grill-blistered and looking like a basking sunbather on an inflatable in a scarlet pool of (underpowered) gazpacho, drizzle of yoghurt as suncream.
899	1	The sashimi is soft and luscious, salty and sweet, penetratingly smoky yet delicate
450	1	Even their own bread and butter, served in what looks like a pristine bird’s nest — I’m not even irritated by this, or the wine cooler resembling a dinosaur’s egg
332	1	The waffle contains almond flour but also wheat flour. A crunchy, satisfying waffle made with rice flour and nut flours is very achievable these days
844	1	You may have heard of the Nickel's bacon-maple doughnut, a lovely thing glistening with what Dr. Dean Ornish might interpret as pure evil.
588	0	My own jaw-drop wasn’t so much the lack of dead animals and their parts, more the fact that people are now happy to pay $335 for a tasting menu that’s almost entirely plant-based.
270	1	Their modern adaptation of mandi might lack the smoldering fragrance of the original method, but the meats emerge uniformly lush and a hint of smokiness threads through the spices.
90	1	Another dish is called chicken rice. The rice tastes like tomatoes and needs salt. The chicken seems exhausted. Imagine a chain of Cuban restaurants started by retired employees of the Olive Garden. This could be their arroz con pollo.
3	0	Either the flavors or techniques of France, or both, often lurk in the background.
440	1	And I’m still wondering what’s the appeal when a trio of unprepossessing wild duck legs arrives: they look wizened and dry. But, biting in, I realise they’re almost confit, skin shatteringly crisp, flesh yielding, a thin, almost Thai-tasting tarragon vinaigrette giving them a touch of acidic oomph. These are a firm reminder that looks aren’t everything.
119	1	A special of bay scallops with chopped pistachios was given little capes of lardo, which may not have been the most flattering look but made the scallops seductively good to eat.
45	1	Hey, did you try that blue drink, the one that glows like nuclear waste?
715	1	and an exemplary version of muhammara, a rough, spicy paste of pomegranate molasses, roasted peppers and crushed walnuts that carries all the wallop of Mexican chorizo without any of the hog grease.
945	1	The evanescent grapefruit pie, delicate buckwheat pancakes and tall sticky buns haunt the brunch dreams of West Hollywood.
671	1	Mind you, they’re crap chips, huge fat things that could exclude drafts. Who actually likes their chips this way? They’re advertised as coming with truffle and foie-gras salt, which is like getting a gold-plated, diamond-encrusted case for your smartphone because you’ve run out of things to spend money on
674	1	At the end there is a lemon mousse which is too much acidity and nowhere near enough fruit
649	1	Sweet sap bled out of trees and boiled up to put on your granola — what a curious, mysterious elixir. (Honey is weirder, of course, but that’s for another day.)
141	1	They are so good that if you happen to accidentally order the tacos filled with pale, cold brisket that tastes more like boiled pork than beef, you can simply tear off chunks of the tortilla and eat them on their own.
819	1	Nobody will tell you, unless you ask, that the meats are cooked sous vide, that somebody shlepped to the farmers market at 7 a.m. to pick out the baby carrots or that the intricately carved fingerlings come from Weiser, the local god of potatoes, but if you've spent much time in better Los Angeles restaurants, you just know
793	1	exquisitely curated beer selections, inexpensive yet weird-ass wines by the glass, well-crafted vintage cocktails and coffee rituals that feel as if they should be conducted in Latin.
429	1	Served with sarladaise potatoes (those beauties sizzled in duck fat and garlic) and wilted endive, it has the super-tender texture of steak that’s been aged for a long, long time but with a sweet delicacy.
901	1	The sea bream pulled out of Japan's Inland Sea is almost gooey in its extreme freshness, dusted with the zest of a tiny yuzu, served with a tiny dish of salt grated to order from a pink, quartz-like stone.
683	1	It’s accompanied by a dome of chocolate ganache and a biscuit sandwich enclosing an Irish cream frozen parfait.
70	1	Draining off the gluey, oily liquid would have helped a mushroom potpie from turning into a swampy mess.
936	1	The crisp, thin, Neapolitan-style pizzas that come out of the large, wood-burning oven have become quite good over the last couple years
813	1	the seafood soup will be prepared on the grill in the style of Mark Peel; and none of it will represent a particular cuisine but will be finished with impeccably fresh produce
818	1	If you've yearned to taste an autumnal green-corn atole or the refreshing drink made with chaya leaves, this is where to go.
791	1	but it is hard to deny these things: crackling crispness yielding to elastic striations of dough; an appealing saltiness that welcomes but does not require the sweetness of soft maple butter; and the smoky, animal pungency of bacon, lots of bacon, achieved without the slightest sensation of smokiness.
957	1	The neighborhood is obsessed with her biscuit-topped, curried chicken potpie, which tastes like something a homesick emigré might have made in Iowa in 1936.
292	1	It was a place of unsustainable ambition, a kitchen where beets popping with umami from fermentation-starting mold and oxtail ragout zapped with powdered sauerkraut made startling amounts of sense.
213	1	The loaves have deeply browned crusts that resemble a cross between focaccia and deep-dish pizza; the airy bread at their center is overlaid with kimchi and marinara, and one variation includes a weighted blanket of melted mozzarella.
330	1	The yolks on the eggs Florentine burst and bleed onto the English muffin, spinach and (optional but recommended) kerchiefs of smoked salmon. Corned beef hash delivers satisfying proportions of crisp-soft spuds, salty wisps of meat and more deftly cooked eggs (over-easy, texture wise, feels right with this dish).
888	1	When you order the chaud-froid, a sort of proto-rillettes, you are served not a quivering pinky-gray blob but a tiny, cast-iron cocotte filled with an arrangement of frilly mustard leaves and wood sorrel flowers that looks like the prettiest four square inches of the forest floor.
602	1	The other is fried squid, the tenderest meat in the crispest batter, delicate, youthful zucchini flowers scattered in among it. Come for the contrast of textures, stay for the sheer gorgeousness, the lightness of the frying, the fruity tingle of the red chilli dip.
900	1	There is Spanish mackerel dressed with grated ginger and ponzu, and mackerel as rich as ripe Brie.
835	0	seaweed mashed potatoes
87	1	The Made Nice confit doesn’t have the creaminess or the concentrated delicacy that suckling pig gives the original, or the golden roof of crisp skin.
651	1	Those savoury notes make a perfect marriage with meat. The Flitch of Bacon in Essex knocked out an astonishing signature dish of fat prawns, cauliflower cream, maple glazed bacon and Granny Smith apples, all singing in happy accord.
428	0	The simplest-looking dish of duck brings an impressive chunk of the breast.
202	1	THey are soft but not disintegrating, they are rich with the liquefied fat of pork belly and they simmer in enough molasses to give them a coffee-like bittersweetness, but not so much that they taste like dessert.
841	1	the pomegranate-sweetened walnut-pepper dip muhammara may be stodgy
542	1	[We] ask[ed] them to just bring us a selection of vegetables — which results in (deep breath) crisp cakes of potato latkes, cauliflower cheese, green beans, petits pois, red cabbage, thick batons of fried courgette
467	1	Both chocolate pudding tart — like dense budino on a graham cracker crust — and a sensually gritty quince and almond tart are, neatly, works of art.
435	1	There are wings, of course there are. These, neatly butchered and slurp-off-the-bone tender, come in a sticky, sour-sweet and resonant guava glaze that destroys lipstick and leaves me looking like something written by Stephen King.
939	0	Korean blowfish is the opposite: abundant, hearty and fairly reasonably priced, served as the centerpiece of an evening's drinking
277	0	That’s zahawiq, also called salata harra, a spicy condiment that’s more widely known these days as zhoug — its adoptive name in Israel and throughout much of the Middle East.
624	1	“RED CURRY HEREFORD X ANGUS BEEF SHORT RIB | SMOCONUT | PICKLED ONION” is substituted at the last minute for a far lighter and melodious corn-fed chicken, sweet with thick coconut cream and fragrant with spring onion oil and lime leaves.
281	0	Okazi, the leaves of a climbing vine, are cooked down with chopped pieces of beef stew meat, tripe and cow’s foot until the textures are melded and nearly indistinguishable.
661	1	the magnificent original, Peking or Beijing duck, is the food of emperors, the skin lacquered and sweet (dipped in sugar even more so), the fat rendered, the meat sumptuous, served over several courses.
897	1	the crisp little pizzas with lamb sausage and broccoli rabe or with Fontina, bacon and burnt radicchio.
731	0	When you are finished, the waitress takes your thickened sauce and tops it up with hot water. It has become soup
843	0	The pulled-pork hash, poached eggs on the side, was really, really good.
32	1	What Mr. Kim has done is to take kimbap, that sturdy and filling staple of Korean lunchboxes, picnic baskets and takeout containers, and dress it up for a black-tie event.
398	1	Big Plates supply Chettinad veal shin with a sonorous sauce. Veal is so generous to gravy. Home-style fish curry served with a cone dosa is a well-chosen assembly including mussels and John Dory, which retains a firm flake. Suffolk lamb biryani with saffron raita obviates the need for much else.
129	0	The Serrano ham and melted Gruyère sandwich was totally likable, which is my clever way of saying it was fried in butter.
126	1	The ceviches aren’t ceviches; they’re rough-sawn carpaccios of seafood covered with garnishes that are either thuggish (harsh pickled onions and acrid, stale fried garlic chips on yellowfin tuna) or useless (avocado lumps on salmon).
341	1	Dessert of apple tart with maple and almond could have come straight from a Parisian patisserie.
441	1	carrots: appearing not so much blackened as cremated on their nest of whipped feta and olive oil. But it’s deliberate — the carrot a sweet, chewy treat in contrast to the salty cheese. “Mmm, carrot toffee,” says a pal.
820	1	The Pug Burger — sure, there's the Pug Burger, which is to say a wad of loosely packed organic cow, bleeding profusely through blue cheese into a La Brea Bakery room
764	1	Coni'Seafood's shrimp fixation, fat specimens sautéed with tequila and mountains of garlic; blanketed in oozy melted cheese enhanced with pureed jalapeño or smoky chipotle chiles
80	1	The type of daring — where did that come from? — thrill that you hope to get at a restaurant like Per Se appears rarely, but it was there in a majestic pile of osetra caviar over deeply savory bonito jelly and cured fluke that had been pressed between sheets of kelp, a flavor-enhancing trick known in Japan as kobu-jime.
787	1	that float in soup made from chicken, fish and long-boiled kurobuta bones. The gossamer noodles act more as texture than as substance; they add little weight to the broth.
953	0	You are instructed to eat one third of the noodles with the dipping broth, the second third with a shake of powdered chiles and the final portion with a squeeze of lime.
153	1	Other dishes were better, but the only complete successes were the warm herb fougasse, served on a hook like a Bavarian pretzel, and Ms. Isbell’s desserts — a rhubarb granita with salty candied pistachios, and a weird, inspired oat bavarois veined with chocolate ganache.
506	1	 This one is given the full treatment: barrels of scarlet saddle and hummock of slow-cooked, vinous “royale”, a sauce enriched with its blood, the butchness tempered by a necklace of tiny, jewel-like accessories — emulsions, tartares, sprigs of herb blossom.
489	1	A cheese course is so generous — including a vast chunk of Comté — that you’d be well stoked to go back to tilling the fields or picking grapes afterwards rather than, as we do, strolling into the curious Eccleston Yards complex for a cocktail among the influencerati.
942	1	The cheeseburger in question, a vast, bloody lump of aged Harris Ranch beef and Fiscalini cheddar, tends to put the debate to rest.
382	1	Clams, Riesling, Crème Fraîche and Lamb Sweetbreads, Lettuce and Lovage but am blown away by the lemon and raspberry sorbets. Fruit frozen in the act of ripeness – just amazing.
430	0	Artichokes are cooked “alla Romana” — fried in a crunchy flour coat — and come with quince aïoli.
606	1	Very impressed to see a pinot grigio ramato — skin contact, so much nicer than your usual PG: a cross between a blush and a hipster orange wine but not sweet like the former nor funky like the latter. Great with spice.
464	1	Grilled chicken — the only meat that appears on the menu — has a splendid hit of smoke from the grill infusing its crisped skin, but gets even more of a kick from some insanely pungent little black olives mixed through its heap of cime di rapa.
344	1	Ceviche fashioned from shavings of raw kohlrabi is, we think, inexplicable. That root is not in possession of enticing flavour and pink mole, pumpkin aguachile and smoked beetroot strive helplessly to compensate for what is so obviously missing — marinated raw fish. But with lemons and limes proscribed, perhaps gooseberries would not have successfully stepped up to the plate…
851	1	Chung King's brand of Sichuan cooking, sizzling with four or five kinds of chiles and smacked with the cooling, numbing sensation of Sichuan peppercorns, lies halfway between dentist's-chair Novocain and the last time you could afford a lot of blow.
763	1	In the case of the Yecapixtla-style cecina, the meat is salted and dried before it is grilled, and it has a mild charcuterie-like tang.
462	1	And the paradigm-shifting salad? a mouthful and its genius unfurls like one of the leaves — the crunch of toasted hazelnuts scattered through, in its depths lilting notes of orange peel and hazelnut oil.
502	1	 Sorry, not tempted by eating “Exotic Coupe Glacée” — basically a coconutty banana split at £18.50
161	1	One current tasting menu features a voluptuously smooth sunchoke velouté, aromatic with fresh thyme, under a musky patch of grated black truffle
541	1	What I don’t expect is for him to glug about a quart of what appears to be thick, boozy marie rose from a great height out of a sauce boat. An actual sauce boat. The dish ends up as pink as our surroundings.
16	1	Was the Caesar salad always so drippy, the croutons always straight out of a bag, the grated cheese always so white and rubbery?
549	1	Char siu sou — “Baked pork cakes” — arrive as hot little triangles dusted with sesame seeds, without the jaded, been-hanging-around air these often have. The lacquered pastry is lard-rich, so short and crumbly its capacity to contain the pork filling is a feat of engineering.
998	1	sauteed mandu — dumplings — filled with pan-fried duck and slabs of foie gras can be kind of great, oozy and rich in all the right ways, and you'll probably want an order of the supple kimchee mandu for the table.
774	1	You may be wondering where you've tasted anything like the beet salad with goat cheese or the albacore salad with ponzu (answer: just about everywhere), trying to figure out why the watercress soup tastes like new-mown lawn, or wrapping your mind around the idea of McSweetbreads, which is to say chicken-fried thymus glands with honey-mustard dippin' sauce.
503	0	There’s a scallop dish that, no hyperbole, leaves me breathless.
881	0	cocktails made with farmers market produce turn out to be pretty good.
457	1	the mushroom as meaty as long-aged steak, pungent with the sweet funk of black garlic and a “gravy” of bone broth.
944	1	The thick, peppery, smoky slices of hand-sliced meat; the thickly cut seeded corn rye; and the dab of yellow mustard as important to the whole as a sushi master's wasabi, make victory inevitable.
625	1	I’m going to nibble at the edges of a croissant and sip an inky coffee while flicking through the pages of one of the many lust-worthy books that line its walls. Perhaps some moody, tasteful erotica — that seems like a pleasingly French thing to do at breakfast.
308	1	Ta and Whitener invested in a not-so-small Little Red Smokehouse smoker, from which emerge nicely tensile spare ribs scented with cacao, and smirched chicken served with Alabama-style white barbecue sauce.
847	1	The huarache will make you suffer, first through its physical heat, then through the heat of El Chamuco, then through the jet-black fungus that will paint your teeth the color of charcoal before it oozes down to stain your favorite shirt.
427	1	 A pasta dish or two: today stout, round ravioli stuffed with pumpkin and ricotta, their topping contrasting the ferrous bitterness of cime di rapa with the floury sweetness of chestnuts. Inspired. The hake, a generous slab, jostles with clams, fennel and the gentle aniseed kiss of chervil.
263	1	Back in November, his apple upside-down cake with sherry-soaked raisins and garam masala ice cream capped our evening with spice and cheer.
363	1	The bread is sourdough, sinuous leeks replace ham to accompany cheese in the filling, and the golden rule of buttering bread on the outside before toasting is adhered to.
54	1	Is the shapeless, structureless baked alaska that droops and slumps and collapses while you eat it, or don’t eat it, supposed to be a representation in sugar and eggs of the experience of going insane?
156	1	It was called beef tartare and was essentially a Levantine kibbe nayeh, chopped by hand, stirred with bulgur and white onions, and seasoned so simply and confidently with cinnamon that I can taste it now.
938	0	If you can get over the idea of eating spaghetti Bolognese where you used to buy your socks, Bottega Louie is an easy place to be happy
688	1	Jellyfish with aged vinegar somehow attains succulence, heightening the complexity of the vinegar.
420	1	They make their own ice creams too, today a toasted hazelnut that’s a sexy combination of smooth with, in its depths, a hint of crunch.
523	1	A bar menu for drinkers, featuring its “Manchester egg”: the egg pickled but still possessing a perfectly fluid yolk, an overcoat of sausage, black pudding and crisp panko crumbs.
754	1	You are going to get the pepper steak — a nice hunk of shell steak, an accurate medium rare if that's the way you want it, crusted with cracked pepper and frosted with a salty slurry of bacon and sauteed green onions that probably could enliven tofu.
397	1	Pondicherry spicy fried squid — meaning fiercely spiced — served with crispy kale, pine nut littered roasted aubergine with an undertow of fresh ginger and chickpea sundal, a South Indian street snack given restaurant cred with shaved fennel, dill and coriander as well as fresh coconut, curry leaves and lime, chosen from Small Plates (at reasonably small prices) all exhibit zip and zest.
546	1	Then a plate laden with confections: truffles and Turkish delight and florentines and chocolate cherry hearts wrapped in scarlet foil.
886	1	ven pongal, a peppery concoction of rice lashed with cumin, cashews and ungodly amounts of melted butter.
722	1	The crabs are too small, they're too gooey or they have been too long from the sea — probably all of the above.
486	1	 Even more dissolute is beef cheek lasagne, brazen in its silken bath of celeriac puree and deep, sticky red wine reduction.
260	1	Goin’s sly use of tension may best be savored in her long-running Ode to Zuni, a crisp-skinned roast chicken with soothing bread salad that riffs off of Judy Rodgers’ magnum opus recipe. Goin slips in fennel and green olives to disrupt the pure comfort-food vibes.
619	1	I don’t think I’ve ever drunk nam jim — a lime and chilli fish-sauce mix usually used as a dipping sauce or condiment — like broth before.
538	1	a gorgeous empanada, perfect blistered pastry stuffed with caramelised onion and aged cheddar; and very fine roasted Norfolk Black chicken on a seductively savoury mush of corn, spiked with tomatillo and chilli
513	1	the general flavour is “Mediterranean”, everything from pappa al pomodoro to anchovy niçoise and the so-now burnt Basque cheesecake via endearing mash-ups such as burratina with grilled aubergine, pomegranate and pine nuts.
532	0	Later there’s a peach dessert, kept on the menu by customer demand, that’s clever and playful.
157	0	With a few cheffy flourishes, like tofu-sesame sauce, it was right at home on Annisa’s menu, which blithely roamed the world for inspiration.
558	1	And blood sausage — morcilla — laced with caramelised onion, so rich and sticky its drizzled almost-chimichurri dressing and charred cucumber are a refreshing blessing.
505	1	If this weren’t enough it comes with Guinness bread, like a darkly savoury kouign amann, layer upon crisp layer of buttery laminated dough. As they say here, savage.
367	1	Cocktails such as Bloody Mo and Harissa Margarita are muscular; milkshakes also come as hardshakes (with booze): passion fruit with vodka, and caramel with bourbon.
947	1	tsukemen, a Tokyo-born dish of bare noodles, served with a superconcentrated dipping sauce of reduced, fish-flavored pork broth, which apparently is to regular ramen what Intelligentsia is to Folgers.
573	1	Take “baked seasonal potatoes, crème fraîche, chives”: yes, please. But sliced, unevenly charred and dairy-splattered, they’re a bit like something knocked up for an impromptu barbie.
935	1	poached-egg raviolo with a chunk of fresh epi bread and contemplating the last drops of freshly squeezed tomato juice
76	0	Subsequently, it was paired with a slick of cold oatmeal.
714	0	a pretty good pan-Middle Eastern restaurant with a non-kosher Jewish chef. Mezze may not be what you have in mind, but it is very, very good.
647	1	glorious things heaving with eggs and butter, blowsy, cinnamon-scented pastries and golden French toast, thin strips of crunchy bacon you could eat like crisps. Attempts to replicate that glory over here always fall a bit flat: wrong kind of bacon, wrong ratios of everything, pancakes that are more Warburtons than silver dollar. And bad, or fake, maple syrup.
812	1	The style of cooking probably will be Mediterranean, but Mediterranean by way of Lucques, which means that the squid in red wine sauce or the braised lamb shoulder with dates will be a bit heavier, a bit sweeter and a bit crunchier than what you might find in Marseilles or Tangiers
723	1	even though the dish is properly drinking food and a sign on the wall indicates that alcohol is neither permitted nor condoned. One look at the plate and you will forgive: two neatly bisected blue crabs, not transformed by rice wine, as is the norm, but by what seemed to be a clean, soy-tinged distillation of the animal's own juices, mellow yet crabbier than the crab itself.
249	1	The breading on the baked goat cheese was delicate and herby; the cheese itself was shaped into a precise rectangle and had the airy richness of a soufflé.
20	0	What gnaws at me every time I eat a Luger porterhouse is the realization that it’s just another steak, and far from the best New York has to offer.
744	1	Scrabble tiles of crispy, skin-on pork blown out to a light, gooey crunch, and tossed with papaya salad, laid into soup, spooned over rice, stir-fried with thousand-year eggs or mint leaves or curry, or, perhaps most satisfactorily, sauteed with slippery morning glory stalks or green, crunchy stumps of Chinese broccoli.
250	1	Rhubarb had always been something to pair with strawberry almost as a filler: This was the first time I appreciated its clean, sour-tangy flavor on its own.
94	0	The raw ingredients may well be the same, but they are often handled carelessly, seasoned indifferently and served inattentively.
103	0	The kitchen gave the impression that it had stopped reaching for excellence and possibly no longer remembered what that might mean.
342	1	Seaweed and burnt chilli broth sets the style of coaxing from chillies much more than just heat.
251	1	The daily fruit bowl was a famously unembellished selection of sorted-through produce, the moment’s most perfect possible expression of California bounty.
912	1	the brisket at Bludso's can be as good as barbecue gets — less meat than a damp vapor you inhale so fast and so unconsciously that you barely remember you were eating meat at all.
632	1	So there’s a sauce of wild mushrooms, a touch of cream, perhaps something like marsala. It’s a barnstorming dish, vast quantities of extremely fine, rosy-pink and pleasingly gamey venison, genuinely more than enough for two, the sauce more dressing than swamp, with a hashtag of fried polenta batons on the side.
191	0	The simplest, though, the ice cream with an alluringly bitter edge of dried tangerine peel, was also the most rewarding.
670	0	We watch the salty juices pool on the plate, exploding with umami, and conclude we need bread.
42	1	If you hadn’t come up with the recipe yourself, would you ever guess that the shiny tissue of breading that exudes grease onto the plate contains either pretzels or smoked almonds?
979	0	Zoe Nathan is the hot young pastry chef in town at the moment, and when you taste her rustic tarts or hot doughnut spheres with stone-ground hot chocolate, you will understand why.
682	1	A paper-thin, white-chocolate cuff encloses the lightest of sponges, topped by a rhubarb crémeux, in turn enclosing a silky rhubarb gel; a chocolate and stout cake comes layered with various ethereal mousses inside a perfect dark-chocolate cylinder.
859	1	There is crusty, fried, Armenian-style sujok sausage, eye-rollingly spiced with cumin;
987	1	The whole roast chicken for two, a Sunday specialty, comes with a bundle of smoldering herbs poking out of its butt, and a pile of french fries as big as a haystack.
92	1	The ice cream is soft serve — milk, uncontaminated by vanilla — strewn with a variety of fun, crunchy bits made from milk or honey.
458	0	The moment the scales fell properly from my eyes was the arrival of that bloody salad.
91	1	One is a salad of watermelon and quinoa that has just enough twists and turns to stand out, like crisp pistachios and soft, creamy feta.
933	0	pork belly with beets by pork belly with oatmeal and dandelion greens.
735	1	Dan dan mian is at its best dialed up to 11, reddened with tons of oily chile sludge and zapped with enough fresh Sichuan peppercorns to leave your gums numb for a week.
369	1	Rabbit ballotine arrives in a swirl of shoots and greenery including peas and broad beans. With a little adjustment, it could be a hat at Ascot, but is infinitely more delicious. Wild mushrooms are enveloped in herb mousseline and truffle velouté. A poached St Ewe egg sits on top. Is that foam I see? No, more like spume on the gentlest of waves. Knife and fork bacon, nearly a chop, wears a blanket of girolle mushrooms and conveys nicely balanced sweet saltiness.
252	0	A little plate of yellowtail jack crudo with crushed grapefruit to start
203	1	Only the beans are specifically identified as Shaker. Ms. Williams and Ms. Sodi must have studied both Shaker and non-Shaker cookbooks to arrive at items like raw oysters dressed with sweet, oniony brine meant for bread-and-butter pickles; spoon bread, half pudding and half cake, served from a big oval baking dish; and slender chilled leeks turned with cream and grated horseradish.
314	1	Smoked beef short rib, the menu’s most expensive item at $42, also showed up overcooked, its meat tough and its fat unevenly rendered.
610	1	A play on Mexican elote: blackened corn cob slathered with curried onion mayo, lime juice and chips of golden garlic;
958	0	The chicken pho will not remind you of your favorite pho ga
187	1	A perfectly clear globe of ice, to be cracked with a spoon, kept soy-marinated ribbons of geoduck deliciously cold.
265	1	Frying ricotta fritters served with clouds of lemon cream and blueberry-verbena jam bleeding purple juice
364	1	If carb-swerving isn’t your thing, patatas Alhambra, with crisp, roasted pieces tossed with mojo verde (Canarian green herb sauce), saffron aioli and spring onions, are a blissful accompaniment
872	1	Sapp's boat noodles are magnificent: murky, organ-rich beef soup amplified with shrieking chile heat, thickened with blood, the tartness of lime juice locked in muscular poise with the brawny muskiness of the broth.
636	1	That saying, there’s no such thing as bad pizza? Wrong: my salsiccia e friarielli (misspelt) — believe me, I’ve a lot of time even for a bad sausage, but this tastes as though its leathery casings were stuffed with pebbledash. And its greens: etiolated pond scum.
220	1	One overall suggestion: Follow the potato. It leads to excellence, be it in the form of hot griddled cakes (an ideal vehicle for the smoked trout schmear), twice-baked spuds smashed with fish sauce caramel, a glorious take on chile cheese fries featuring a riff on Bolognese deepened with black bean sauce, or potato doughnuts akin to beignets but denser and richer.
256	1	The menu laid bare the season: pear and Manchego salad scattered with hazelnuts; sliced duck breast paired with an elegant apple-potato-bacon gratin; and a side of sweet potatoes tangled with spinach and sauced with nutty-smoky romesco.
114	1	The kitchen announces its intentions right away with focaccia that is so crisp and shiny with oil that it seems to have been deep-fried.
466	0	 Monkfish with mussels and chickpeas is less complex, still good, a spark of lemon zest giving a lift.
324	1	Regular for the soup with sliced beef shank, please, and wide for the soup with melting hunks of braised beef shoulder and greens.
65	1	In other restaurants, they are baggy, saggy water balloons ready to spill their guts on impact.
994	1	Each dish seems to require at least a half-dozen preparations, and when the food is being cooked a few inches from your stool, you become aware of every one of them: the buds of curried cauliflower served with padron peppers, ripe persimmons and a molten spoonful of grits; or the whey-poached chicken breast with grapes, pickled shallots and crunchy sheets of its own fried skin.
408	1	Garlic and XO sauce add strident emphasis to a dish of clams; gochujang jives with pork schnitzel with red cabbage.
320	0	Regarding the crab curry: Half of a crustacean pokes out of a lemon-colored curry fragrant with lemongrass, galangal, Makrut lime zest and a whiff of shrimp paste.
400	1	They decorate a first course of beef tartare also garnished with blobs of smoked egg yolk, which add a pleasing unctuous quality, but seasoning is wan. We ask for salt, pepper and lemon juice to beef it up. Crab, horseradish, green apple has white crab meat sporting a fascinator of herbs drowning in tart apple juice.
989	1	If you are up to the challenge, you can get it piled high with the cabeza, rich, gelatinous meat from a cow's head, cooked down into an ultraconcentrated essence of beef with the consistency of refried beans.
327	0	The restaurant offers two kinds: pale green dumplings filled with cod, and a mackerel variation dyed black with squid ink.
904	1	Genet Agonafer's delicious version of kitfo, a dish of minced, raw beef tossed with warm, spiced butter.
10	1	Chicken liver mousse, so creamy it is almost a smoothie, is piped like frosting over little oval toasts.
27	1	Named after Turkish delight, this is tenderloin in thin slices that are passed over the grill just long enough to mark them.
597	1	But the lunchtime offering was super-safe: fat, fennel-scented sausage rolls, savoury tarts and posh sarnies, a style I’d call “evolved tearoom”.
963	1	Larkin's fried chicken, tender-crusted and juicy, golden and singing with the taste of clean oil, is about as good as it gets in Los Angeles restaurants.
212	1	I’d stick instead to the fluke sautéed in browned butter and thyme, with a side of shoestring potatoes that seem out of place but are so good nobody is likely to complain.
930	1	Instead of sliders, there is lamb shawarma, dressed with the Jewish-Iraqi mango salsa called amba on tiny rounds of pita.
322	1	She infuses the spice blend with cardamom for extra aromatics, adds tamarind and palm sugar for a sweet-and-sour tug of war and finishes it with the salty nip of fish sauce.
488	1	The potatoes, made with the holy trio of spuds, garlic and lashings of duck fat, are sensational: a bronze crust over thinly sliced layers of fragrant, fatty luxury — genuinely better than any I’ve had in actual Sarlat.
756	0	staples as quinoa or chestnut flour, com tam acquired a certain peasanty cachet
617	1	Date ice cream plunged into espresso, a foamy affogato.
771	1	chicharrones de pescado, chunks of marinated tilapia fried to a kind of crunchy, char-edged chaw.
555	1	Robust fried dumplings filled with aromatic minced pork, if not Shanghai-style sheng jian bao, a very close relation, glorious when spread with an extra layer of their incendiary crispy chilli oil.
752	1	t's not what you're going to find on your plate at Campanile, but it's bloody and salty and reasonably tender, it comes with a little cup of strong horseradish-flavored cream, and it will provide you with great sandwiches for the rest of the week.
445	1	Its sepia colour immediately suggests a much-maligned natural wine, but its syrupy richness and oxidative quality go well with dessert: a fine bergamot tart that tastes almost identical to a fine lemon tart; brownie enriched with the nuttiness of tahini; and homemade ice cream.
105	1	In what was meant to be a salad, a white flap of flavorless squid was pulled over a length of octopus leg like a shroud; it sat next to frigid white beans that were crunchy at the center.
710	0	you choose meats and vegetables from a cold-table and watch them take a spin on the giant metal grill
247	0	For the inaugural meal, she served pâté en croûte, duck with olives, a post-entrée salad and slices of plum tart.
975	1	Centeno's vigorous, imaginative and not-quite-polished cooking is the sort of thing you want to dive into: flavors from a dozen food cultures ramming into and across and through each other, until a culinary Higgs Particle either comes into being or it doesn't
732	1	There is, perhaps, no dish homelier than congee, a loose, bland porridge made with last night's rice, occasionally enriched with a splash of broth. Yet in the right hands, the soothing blandness can serve as a canvas on which intriguing, even violently clashing flavors may be splashed
118	1	There are chopped razor clams that ride in the long canoes of their shells alongside a fiery mash of pickled peppers.
165	1	The meat is topped with pickled onions and a crunchy handful of tostados, the corn nuts that are a faithful companion to hornado.
964	1	cubes of sashimi-quality tuna in a thick vinegar emulsion sharp with chile, soft and tart and brutally spicy, served with the customary corn and potato
245	0	The staffer who took your order will point out three available salsas: a mild one with roasted tomatoes and jalapeño, a creamy verde, and a silky red-orange version made with chile de árbol that is warned to be “extra spicy,” but I never find to be overly scorching.
759	1	potato pancakes turned out in multiples of a hundred involve an ungodly amount of work, and I am in awe of the home cooks who take on the awesome load of grating and squeezing and squeezing again, then harvesting the potato starch from the gross frothy liquid that turns organ-meat pink in an instant
997	0	worth going to Moko, Gary Robins' new restaurant in Culver City, for the banchan alone — even if the basic cabbage kimchee is just OK. There are braised artichokes with pea shoots to contend with.
608	1	line-caught cod salted for six to eight hours, then dressed in a sort-of-ceviche tiger’s milk of cultured buttermilk, lemongrass and lime leaves: soothing and energising at the same time.
822	1	a pre- and post-Columbian gazpacho, attempts to express 500 years of history in a few tasty ounces of soup.
