32998.0	1.0	Oliver Watson  has never been luckier: he is a successful advertising executive, shares a marriage of eighteen years with Sarah  and has three loving kids: 17-year-old Ben , 15-year-old Melissa , and 9-year-old Sam . His perfect life suddenly falls apart when his wife Sarah announces that she wants to enter a graduate school 200 miles away from home, as she regrets that she gave up her bohemian protester's life and promising writing career to become the wife of a conservative traditionalist. A devastated Oliver tries to prevent her from going and even offers to move with her, but Sarah has made up her mind: she will enroll college and does not want any company. The children are just as displeased when they find out about her mother's decision, for which Ben and Melissa hold their father responsible. They start acting out as a reaction, which mostly affects Ben. Instead of attending classes and getting good grades, he spends most of his time with promiscuous teenager Bobbi Carver , whom he impregnates. Meanwhile, Oliver unsuccessfully tries to save his marriage, until Sarah announces that she is seeing someone else. Meanwhile, his mother's health is worsening, and after months of being kept alive through machines, his father George ([[John Anderson  decides to pull the plug. At the funeral, Sarah shows up to reveal her plans on filing for divorce. Feeling that his life has no purpose there anymore, Oliver accepts a job in Los Angeles. Melissa and Sam move with him, but Ben stays behind with Bobbi and their newly-born son Alexander. In California, Oliver falls in love with Charlotte Sampson , a successful actress in a popular TV series who dreams of a Broadway career. After a short romance, during which she also connects with the children, they become engaged. However, when she is offered a role on Broadway, Oliver fears the past will repeat itself. Rather than seeing his partner see slip away due to a long distance relationship, he breaks off their engagement. Meanwhile, Bobbi has suddenly left Ben and took Alexander with her. Desperate, Ben turns to Oliver, and together they fight successfully for sole custody. Afterwards, Ben visits Charlotte, and finds out that she has rejected the Broadway role. Although she is still mad at Oliver for cutting her out of his life, she agrees on visiting him, and they reconcile in the end.
32239.0	0.0	Claire of the Moon is set in the 1990s in the Pacific Northwest. Claire Jabrowski , a famous heterosexual author, decides to attend a retreat for all-female writers. Claire's roommate at the retreat is Dr. Noel Benedict, author of a book called The Naked Truth. The movie culminates in a sexual encounter between the two authors.<ref nameA Therapist And a Satirist Fall in Love |url9F0CE3DD1F3DF935A25757C0A965958260 |lastJanet |authorlinkThe New York Times |date2007-02-09 }}
10409.0	1.0	Gary  is a hustler walking through the streets of New York City, looking for business. On the way, he saves a young deaf transvestite from a group of gay bashers, but regrets it afterwards because the transvestite becomes infatuated with Gary and follows him everywhere. Gary introduces the transvestite to his friends: Valentino, a former porn star, and Mary Carmen, the Latina who works as a doughnut shop waitress and is in love with Valentino, with whom she has been living for some time. Together they form a bohemian family, which includes Veronica, a still-active porn star, and Nat, a tattoo artist. Gary is also in love with Valentino, who is dying of AIDS. Through the stages of the disease, Mary Carmen and Gary argue over what kind of care he should be receiving, and who is going to supply that care. As Valentino draws near death, Mary Carmen finds out she is carrying Valentino's baby. The three take stock of themselves and their relationships with one another.
22042.0	0.0	Robert Roy MacGregor  is a cattle drover and the leader of a clan in 18th century Scotland. He seeks and receives a loan of £1000 from the Marquis of Montrose . One of the Marquis's henchmen, Archibald Cunningham , learns about the loan from Montrose's factor, Killearn ([[Brian Cox . Cunningham kills MacGregor's best friend MacDonald  and steals the money. Unable to pay his loan, MacGregor is forced to become an outlaw when he refuses to bear false witness for Montrose against the Duke of Argyll . He is hunted by Cunningham, who rapes MacGregor's wife Mary  to provoke him. Cunningham ultimately captures MacGregor after killing his brother. However when Cunningham presents him to Montrose, MacGregor escapes. Meanwhile, Mary tells the Duke of Argyll that MacGregor fled Montrose because of his refusal to bear false witness against him. Meanwhile, Macgregor persuades Argyll to propose to Montrose a duel between him and Cunningham, leading to a climactic sword duel to the death.{{cite web}}
7857.0	0.0	"Once installed as king, Edward II summons his friend and lover, Piers Gaveston, to his side and showers him with gifts, titles and abiding love. Their relationship is fiery and passionate, but it is the focus of gossip and derision throughout the kingdom. Upon his return, Gaveston takes revenge on the Bishop of Winchester, who had been responsible for his banishment from England during the previous reign, by personally torturing him. Kent, Edwards’ brother, is the first to protest Gaveston's return. Many others feel the same way, including the Bishop of Winchester and Lord Mortimer, who is in charge of the army forces of the kingdom. Nevertheless, Edward defends his lover from his mounting enemies. A pleasure-seeker, Edward is quite distracted from affairs of state, much to the distress and anger of the court . Queen Isabella, Edward’s French wife, vainly tries everything to win him back from his lover, but she is mercilessly rejected by her husband. Love starved, Isabella turns to Gaveston, who inflames Isabella’s desire by whispering obscenities in her ear, and then mocks her responsiveness. The handsome, hedonistic and opportunistic Gaveston repels everyone except the King. His enemies join forces and threaten Edward with dethronment and exile; Edwards is forced to comply with their wishes and sends Gaveston away. The lovers' separation is serenaded by Annie Lennox’s rendition of Cole Porter's ""Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye"". The queen hopes that once Gaveston is away she could reconcile with her husband, but he rejects her once again. In a last effort to regain her husband's affection, she allows Gaveston to return. The king and his lover resume their relationship, but their enemies are ready to strike back. Isabella and Mortimer, who becomes her lover, plan to rule the realm through Edward and Isabella's young son, the future Edward III. When Kent tries to save his brother, he is murdered by Isabella. The nobles are soon plotting to get rid not only of Gaveston but also the king. Mortimer, their leader, is a military man and practicing sadomasochist who takes a grim pleasure in personally torturing Gaveston and the lovers' friend Spencer, who he addresses as ""girl boy."" Their torture takes place while there is a clash between the police and members of the British gay rights organization Outrage. After Gaveston and Spencer’s assassinations, Edward, who has been thrown in a dungeon, is executed by impalement on a red-hot poker. This hideous fate is presented as a nightmare from which the imprisoned King awakens. The executioner, when he does arrive, tosses away his lethal weapon and kisses the man he was sent to kill. Back in the castle, Mortimer and Isabella enjoy their triumph just briefly. The King's young son, Edward III, who all along has been neglected by both parents witnessing their quarrels, has donned his mother's earrings and lipstick and, while listening to classical music on his Walkman, walks atop a cage that imprisons his mother and Mortimer."
23717.0	0.0	"Cyrano de Bergerac is a Parisian poet and swashbuckler with a large nose of which he is self-conscious, but pretends to be proud of. He is madly in love with his ""friendly cousin"" , the beautiful Roxane; however, he does not believe she will requite his love because he considers himself physically unattractive. Soon, he finds that Roxane has become infatuated with Christian de Neuvillette, a dashing new recruit to the Cadets de Gascogne, the military unit of which Cyrano is the captain. Christian however, despite his good looks, is tongue-tied when speaking with women. Seeing an opportunity to vicariously declare his love for Roxane, he decides to aid Christian, who does not know how to court a woman and gain her love. Cyrano aids Christian, writing love letters and poems describing the very emotions that Cyrano himself feels for Roxane. Roxane begins to appreciate Christian, not only for his good looks but also his apparent eloquence. She eventually falls in love with him and they contract a secret marriage in order to frustrate the plans of the Comte de Guiche, an arrogant nobleman who is himself a frustrated wooer of Roxane. In revenge, De Guiche summons Christian to fight in the war against the Spanish. The war is harsh and brutal: the Cadets de Gascogne are starving. Cyrano escapes over enemy lines each morning to deliver a love letter written by Cyrano himself but signed with Christian's name, sent to Roxane. Christian, at this time, is completely unaware of Cyrano's doings on his behalf. The love letters Cyrano writes eventually draw Roxane out from the city of Paris to the war front. She had come to visit Christian, the supposed romantic poet. Apparently, she admitted that she would rather love an ugly, but great poet, than a handsome, dimwitted fellow. Christian, realizing his mistake, tries to find out whether Roxane loves him or Cyrano, and asks Cyrano to find out. However, during the battle that follows Roxane's visit, Christian is wounded and dies in battle. As he lies dying, Cyrano tells him that he asked Roxane and it was Christian she loved, but he actually has done no such thing. Cyrano fights off the attackers and the French win. Cyrano keeps his love for Roxane a secret for fourteen years, during which time he becomes unpopular because of his satirical writings satirizing the nobility. Roxane, grief-stricken, enters a convent. For fourteen years, Cyrano faithfully visits Roxane at her convent every week, never late until a fateful attempt on his life leaves him mortally injured.  One evening, Cyrano visits Roxane against doctor's orders at the convent. Although he faints while telling her the court news, he dismisses it as the effect of his wound at Arras. When she mentions Christian's last letter, he asks to read it, but after she gives it to him, he instead is forced to recite it from memory, as it is now too dark for him to be able to read it. Only then does Roxane realize that it was Cyrano who wooed her under the balcony and wrote the love letters. After fainting again, he is forced to reveal his mortal wound to her. As Cyrano dies, Roxane realizes that it was he, and not Christian, whom she had really loved all along."
35893.0	1.0	Shatranj is the love story of four lead players, Mithun Chakraborty, Jackie Shroff, Juhi Chawla and Divya Bharti
28495.0	1.0	{{expand section}} Two men &ndash; Jack Lynch  and Jonathan Ashby  &ndash; are confronted by a beautiful woman, Christina Ford .
1800.0	0.0	Jota , a failed musician whose girlfriend has recently left him, is about to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge when a girl on a motorcycle, Sofía , crashes off it. Rushing to help her, he discovers she has lost her memory, even forgetting her name. After telling the paramedics and staff at the hospital that she is his girlfriend, he later tells her the same. He invents an entire identity for her, giving her the name Lisa, and a history of their relationship according to his own fantasies. With the hospital psychiatrist starting to become suspicious, he spirits her out of the hospital and away on a trip to the 'Ardilla Roja' campsite, which he claims they have been planning for some while. As their relationship becomes intimate, their behaviour sparks the suspicions of a family of fellow campers  and it becomes clear that Lisa/Sofía's memory is not entirely missing and she is hiding her own past secrets—notably, the existence of a psychotic ex-boyfriend, Félix , who is rampaging across the country in search of her.  La ardilla roja and issues of Basque regional identity
37596.0	1.0	"Danny Muldoon , a 38-year-old Chicago policeman, still lives with his overbearing Irish mother, Rose Muldoon . A lonely bachelor, Danny falls in love with Theresa Luna , an introverted, lonely girl who works in her father's funeral home as a cosmetician. On their first date, he takes her to Comiskey Park  and has a picnic on the field. Their courtship eventually becomes very difficult because Rose begins to feel threatened that Theresa is trying to steal her son away; the fact that Theresa is not Irish  only exacerbates the situation. Danny's brother Patrick  tries to convince Danny to remain unmarried so that Danny and Rose can move down to Florida, where Danny can take care of her; Salvatore ""Sal"" Buonarte , one of Danny's married friends and fellow police officers, tries to tell Danny that he can do better and not to settle down just yet, as he did. Because of this, Danny begins to feel guilty about his relationship with Theresa, especially towards his mother. This leads to his interrupting dates with Theresa to check on his mother. When Theresa is finally introduced to Rose at a fancy dinner, Rose immediately begins to put her down. Theresa stands up to Rose, and complains to Danny as to why he didn't stand up for her. After Theresa leaves, Danny scolds his mother for being so cruel to Theresa, saying that her way of ""telling it like it is"" is really her attempts to hurt people. He then reminds her of how she had lost a $450,000 account for his late father's company after calling his bosses racial slurs. Danny then tells Rose that he will propose to Theresa, whether she approves or not. That night, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proposes to her from the bucket of a Chicago fire truck. She says yes and the two are set to be married. However, even though Rose finally does approve of Theresa, on the night before the wedding, Danny calls to check on his mother in front of Theresa. Angered at the fact that they might never be alone, Theresa walks off. At the wedding, both Danny and Theresa fail to show up, thus, the two don't marry. A few weeks later, Danny's friends question what happened to make them not get married, but Danny avoids an answer. Then, when a friend of the family, Doyle  passes away, alone with no wife or children, Danny realizes that he doesn't want to end up that way, and realizes that he can't let Theresa go. Finally, the day Danny and Rose are scheduled to move to Florida, Danny tells Rose that he can't let Theresa go and by leaving her behind, he'd be leaving behind the best thing that ever happened to him. Reluctant at first, Rose finally agrees to Danny's plan and goes to Florida without him, instructing her son to get married, have a family and be happy. Danny then goes to Luna's Funeral Home to look for Theresa. However, her father tells him that she left for New York City by train. Danny contacts the railroad station manager, who agrees to stop the train at a suburban station outside the city. There, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proclaims his love for her. He tells her that he will move to New York with her and join the New York City Police Department. Having no more guilt about his mother, the two re-board the train for New York to live the rest of their lives together. Throughout the film, the Muldoons' Greek neighbor, Nick Acropolis , who encourages Danny to pursue Theresa, attempts to woo Rose. Rose is salty towards him in the beginning, but as she gradually softens her stance regarding Danny's relationship with Theresa, she ultimately warms up to Nick."
12215.0	0.0	"Jean Valjean , a man arrested for stealing bread nineteen years previously, is released on parole. Since no one else is willing to allow a convict to stay the night, Valjean is kindly welcomed by Bishop Myriel to spend the night in his home. Valjean explains to Myriel that he is going to become a new man the following day. However, that night, Valjean steals Myriel's silverware and flees. Valjean is later arrested and brought back to Myriel, but Myriel tells the police that Valjean did not steal his silverware, but that he, in fact, actually gave it to him and also gives him his expensive candlesticks. Myriel then reminds Valjean of his promise that he was to become a new man that day. Nine years later, Valjean is now a wealthy industrialist and a mayor. He eventually befriends Fantine , a single mother-turned-prostitute, after he rescues her when she was nearly arrested by the police officer Javert , who previously served as a guard at the prison Valjean was held in. Javert starts to become suspicious that the Mayor and Valjean are the same person. Later, Valjean receives word that another man ([[John McGlynn  is mistaken as being him and is about to be rearrested. Valjean arrives at court where the man is being tried and reveals his identity that he is the real Valjean. Valjean then returns home and finds Fantine deathly ill. Before she dies, Valjean promises Fantine that he will raise her very young daughter, Cosette. Javert arrives at Valjean's home to arrest him, but Valjean escapes and flees the community. Valjean eventually finds and rescues Cosette at the Thénardiers, corrupt innkeepers who were supposed to care for her, but were actually abusing and enslaving her. Both Valjean and Cosette finally make it to Paris where they start a new life together. Ten years later, Cosette , now a teenager, falls in love with a revolutionist, Marius . Meanwhile Javert is now undercover as an insurrectionist trying to undermine the organization to which Marius belongs. In an attempt to finally arrest Valjean, Javert is captured by Marius and is brought to the barricades as a prisoner to be executed. Valjean journeys to the barricades himself when he learns how much Cosette and Marius love each other, intending to convince Marius to return to Cosette. When the soldiers shoot and kill Gavroche , a young boy allied with the revolutionists, Valjean uses his influence with Marius to have Javert turned over to him, so that he himself can execute him. Valjean takes Javert to a back alley, but instead of killing him, sets him free. Marius gets shot and Valjean takes him down a sewer. Javert catches them, but agrees to spare Marius. Valjean takes Marius back to his home, also saying goodbye to Cosette. When Valjean returns to Javert, Javert tells him that he is now unable to reconcile Valjean's criminal past with his current lawful existence and the goodness that Valjean has shown. Stating, ""It's a pity the rules don't allow me to be merciful,"" Javert finally sets Valjean free, shackles himself, adding ""I've tried to live my life without breaking a single rule,"" and throws himself into the Seine. Valjean walks down the empty street, finally a free man, with a smile on his face."
22288.0	0.0	Raghu , studying in Australia, goes to New Zealand with a friend and runs into Malavika. They start off having petty fights but end up falling in love. But circumstances force them to separate without exchanging any information about each other. Back home, Ajith makes friends with Karan and chances upon his family photograph which surprisingly includes his mother , who as far as he knew had no relations. But on questioning, his mother reveals that she was part of a large family  but had been sent out of the family after deciding to wed someone of her own choice. Ajith travels to the village as Karan's friend and soon endears himself to the members of his family. Turns out Malavika is the daughter of one of the brothers too. But when he learns that Karan wishes to marry her, he decides to bow out. But Karan, on knowing about their romance, wishes that they get together. The family elders too agree to Ajith marrying Malavika but refuse to let the alliance go any further after learning that Ajith is Srividya's son. Ajith too agrees to sacrifice his love since he does not want to wed Malavika and cause even more friction in the already fractured family. How Ajith eventually reunites the separated family and weds Malavika forms the crux of the film.
5925.0	1.0	David Thewlis plays eccentric English pianist and composer Mr. Kinsky, who lives in a very old, but charming villa in Rome. Thandie Newton plays his housemaid Shandurai, an African refugee whose husband is a political prisoner on “the Black continent”. Kinsky falls in love with Shandurai, sends her gifts regularly, for which she is often mad. Once, having presented her ring, he dares to express the love he feels for her, but she refuses him angrily. When he asks her what he should do to make her love him, she shouts, “Get my husband out of jail!” Then Kinsky for the first time realizes that Shandurai is married. Despite this, he still immensely loves her and, in order to help her, he is selling precious things from his home, memories from the past, while Shandurai becomes his muse and inspiration in the present. Finally, he will sell his “essence”, piano, completely giving in to love for the young woman, although she doesn’t return it to him. In one scene, when an African priest asks him why he doesn’t give concerts in public, Kinsky answers, “I am just not good enough.” But everything else suggest that he is, and not only as an artist, but also as a person, which is the fact that even Shandurai will reveal him in the last scenes of the film. As the movie goes on, Shandurai’s feelings, when it comes to her husband, are going from love to loyalty, whereas for Mr. Kinsky, quite conversely. While that second love is growing, she more and more feels and loves the music of piano, finally being completely seduced by it. At the end, she has to choose between love for Englishman and loyalty to her husband, but, it seems that the film ends at the right moment, as if the choice hasn’t happened at all. Thus, a viewer is stuck for good in the very same moment of agony in which Shandurai stays, aware that any decision goes at the expense of her happiness.
27230.0	1.0	The plot revolves around two father and sons. Raghuvaran was a smuggler,who lives in a house nearby S.P.Balasubramaniam, father of Ajith. In his childhood days, getting attracted by Raghuvaran's activities, Ajith remains to stay with him always. While SPB tries to convince his son, it is all in vain. He got vexed, and started to grow up Vikram, son of Raghuvaran as a good man. In college days, Vikram becomes a singer, and becomes a lover boy in the college. While Ajith studying in the same college becomes a dancer, and turns out to be a local dada, who helps Raghuvaran in his business. In the meanwhile, Ajith and Vikram love the same girl , who in turn loves Ajith. SPB comes to know about Vikram's love affair and begs Ajith to leave his love for Vikram, since he won't be able to lead a peaceful life in the shape he is. The film ends with Ajith having to choose between his lady love and the dark world.
33357.0	0.0	"In the summer of the 1957, Dani  is a 14-year-old girl who, according to her father, is ""too big to be running off by herself."" Dani and her older sister Maureen,  who is going off to college in the fall, are very close. Maureen helps her mother take care of their younger sister, Missy, while their mother Abigail  is pregnant with the Trant's fourth child. Dani however prefers to run off into the neighbor's pond to go swimming in the nude. It is here where she meets her new neighbor, seventeen-year-old Court Foster . Court kicks Dani out of his pond. When Dani goes home, her mother tells her to wash up because an old friend of Mr. and Mrs. Trant's is coming for dinner with her children. Dani reluctantly showers up and puts on her Sunday's best clothes. The Trants' old friend, turns out to be a widow, Mrs. Foster  with her three sons Court, Dennis, and Rob . When Dani realizes who Court is, the two dislike each other. Court calls Dani ""a little girl"". When Dani's father  tells Dani to accompany Court into town for groceries, Dani and Court drive into town and start to get along. Dani finally realizes that she is in love with Court. Meanwhile, Maureen goes on a date to a dance with her boyfriend Billy Sanders  and his parents. Billy's father,  makes several advances to Maureen, especially when he dances with her. Maureen and Billy leave the dance, and she orders him to take her home. Billy however, would rather park his car and have sex with Maureen. Maureen gets angry and agrees to break up with Billy because she believes ""love should be beautiful"". The next day, Dani asks Maureen for advice on how to kiss a boy. Maureen demonstrates by practicing on her hand. Dani and Court continue to go swimming during the hot sunny days and become very close friends. One day, the two agree to meet to go swimming at night, since Court has too much work to do during the day. Dani sneaks off and swims with Court until they reach the point where they are about to kiss. Court pushes Dani away, causing Dani to question him as to what she did wrong. Court asks if she has ever been kissed before. Dani lies and says she has lots of times. Court gets angry and says she is a little girl that doesn't know what she's doing, and runs off home. Dani leaves too just as a thunderstorm is breaking out. Abigail wakes up, knowing Dani isn't in the home, and runs outside looking for her. Just as Dani gets home, and runs to her mother, her mother also runs and trips on a root, landing on her stomach. Dani's father races her to the hospital, where she is treated for a fairly serious head injury. When her father returns home from the hospital, he beats Dani with his belt. The next day, Court brings food to the Trant house and apologizes to Dani for the other night. Dani, still hurt, just ignores him at first, until Court says he would still like to be friends. The two continue their friendship and still go swimming in the pond. The next time they go swimming, they play fight and come to the point once again when Court is about to kiss Dani. He pushes her away again. The two eventually share their first kiss. Once Dani has made up with her father, he tells Dani to invite Court over once in a while so he can get to know him better. When Court comes over for dinner, he finally meets Maureen. Dani can tell it is love at first sight for the two of them. While Dani visits her mother in the hospital before she finally gives birth to another daughter, Court comes over to the Trant house and kisses Maureen. Over the next few days, Dani is getting pushed away by Court. When the whole family except Maureen, visits Abigail at the hospital, Court and Maureen have their first date and claim their love for each other. When the Trants arrive home with Abigail and the new baby, Maureen is nowhere to be found. She is actually at the Foster's in the fields making love with Court behind some trees. When Maureen leaves for home, Court goes back to plowing the fields and falls off the machine, and is badly injured. Dani sees this, and races home to tell her father. When Matthew returns home, he has some of Court's blood on his clothes and the whole family realizes that Court has died. Maureen hides her pain at first, while Dani bursts into tears. After Court's funeral, Dani continues to be angry at Maureen knowing what happened between her and Court. Dani tells her sister she doesn't want to be close to her anymore. Matthew tells Dani, while on a fishing trip, that although she has a right to be hurt, being mad won't bring Court back, and Maureen will be her sister for life. Dani goes home and comforts Maureen while she is still grieving. The movie ends with Maureen and Dani talking outside on the porch at night, becoming close again."
30458.0	0.0	Young prince Jan has been sent to a quiet coastal resort to study for his final exams, but instead he spends most of his time with his new friend, the lighthouse keeper. Jan ignores the warnings of the locals who claim that the loony lighthouse man  eats seagulls for breakfast. Maybe the lighthouse keeper is crazy, but this does not prevent him from introducing prince Jan to the dreamland Taxandria, a phantasmagorical place devoid of time, memory, and progress. Jan learns that a reason for the lighthouse keeper's notoriety among the locals is that from time to time he hides political refugees from Taxandria from the authorities; in one scene, we see some of these fugitives arrive at the coast in a boat and taken in by the lighthouse keeper. It is however never made clear whether Taxandria really exists or if the viewer only sees what the lighthouse keeper relates to prince Jan, although once Jan is transported to Taxandria simply by looking into the lighthouse's rotating light while the keeper is away. As a failed scientific experiment in the past accidentally removed Taxandria from its home planet , all science, progress, and measure of time are outlawed as a consequence, whereas the Perennial Present reigns supreme. The land is ruled by two conjoined princes  always hidden behind a curtain, and their police force who insure that everyone there lives in the Perennial Present, as it is illegal to discuss the past or future. The police is headed by this world's evil counterpart of the benevolent lighthouse keeper  communicating the will and orders of the mute Two Princes, making him the effective ruler of Taxandria. While at first Taxandria seems a magical, wonderful place, Jan soon sees the darker side of this strange world. The people are not happy living only in the present; it is repressive. Soon he sees that many suffer from extreme paranoia. Aimé , the son of the evil Head of Police, seems to be a catalyst for change in Taxandria, as he is obsessed with making new inventions and learning about the country's past. Later, Aimé falls in love with Princess Ailée who is trying to free herself from the paradisaical confines of the Garden of Mirth, where women are kept away from men, and discovers the secret of his father that made him Taxandria's effective ruler while being the Head of Police, as well as the true nature of the Two Princes.
21935.0	1.0	A young woman inherits her father's fireworks factory, as he had no son. The business does well and everything works in an orderly fashion until one day an itinerant painter is hired to decorate the doors and vases at the factory for Chinese New Year. The woman, forbidden to marry as it would involve outsiders in the factory ownership, is drawn to the headstrong painter. When they fall in love, the situation throws her entire life into disarray.
9294.0	0.0	"In 1947, Humbert Humbert , a European professor of French literature, travels to the United States to take a teaching position in New Hampshire. He rents a room in the home of widow Charlotte Haze , largely because he sees her adolescent daughter Dolores , also called ""Lo"", while touring the house. Obsessed from boyhood with girls of this age , partly because of a boyhood sexual experience and subsequent tragic loss, Humbert marries Charlotte for the sake of access to her daughter. Later in their marriage, Charlotte becomes furious after she, by way of reading Humbert's secret diary, discovers Humbert's preference for her daughter. Moments after, Charlotte goes to the mailbox to mail some letters when she is struck by a car and killed. Her death frees Humbert to pursue a sexual and emotional relationship with Lo, whom he nicknames ""Lolita"". Humbert and Lo then travel the country, staying in various motels before eventually settling in the college town of Beardsley, where Humbert takes a teaching job. However, Lo's increasing boredom with Humbert, as well as her growing desire for independence, fuels a constant tension between them. Humbert's desperate affections for Lo are also rivaled by another man, playwright Clare Quilty , who has been pursuing Lo since the beginning of their travels. Quilty's name and identity are at first unknown to Humbert, and when Lo runs away to him, Humbert's search for her is unsuccessful. Three years later, Humbert receives a letter from Lo asking for financial help. Humbert visits Lo, who is now married to another man and pregnant. Humbert, who still loves Lo, asks her to run away with him, but she refuses. He relents and gives her a substantial amount of money and information about her inheritance from her mother. Lo also reveals to Humbert how Quilty actually tracked young girls her age and took them to Pavor Manor, his home in Parkington, to film the girls performing various sexual acts with the help of his assistant Vivian. She also tells him about how after being taken from Humbert, Quilty tried to film Lo performing sex acts in a group setting. When Lo refuses and prefers Quilty to be like a father to her, Quilty leaves Lo on her own. After his visit with Lo, Humbert tracks down Quilty and kills him. After being chased by the police, Humbert is arrested and sent to prison. He dies in November 1950, and Lo dies on Christmas Day in childbirth."
37817.0	1.0	"The film opens showing a small New York City apartment building at night, where a young couple on the top floor are seen arguing. Charlotte  throws a bag out of her window, with some contents landing on the window sill of downstairs neighbor Joseph . Joseph takes some of the items, which includes a locker key, and by the next day, Charlotte and her boyfriend Eddie  have apparently vacated the premises. Focus is then shifted towards Joseph, a widowed German/Jewish violinist who lives a simple yet structured everyday routine that includes writing in a journal about what he will wear, visiting Howard , an old friend at a nursing home who is in the final stages of Alzheimer's disease, trying to make arrangements on a tax debt, buying food at a discount grocery store, and then returning home to read books and play his violin. Charlotte returns to the apartment the following evening to recover missing contents from her bag, but notices her boyfriend's car pull up while doing so and quickly rushes into the building. She asks Joseph for a towel to dry off after the heavy rain, but subsequently collapses on his apartment floor. He gives her a blanket and pillow and lets her sleep there. After some hesitation, Joseph lets Charlotte stay in his apartment indefinitely. Despite the age difference, the two slowly form a platonic bond; Joseph discusses his past violin career and interest in philosophers; Charlotte reveals that her now former boyfriend Eddie was involved in organized crime and that the relationship was purely for financial reasons. Charlotte is additionally impressed that Joseph - despite his age - could remember the words of philosophers, whereas her former boyfriend - a one-time musician - could barely remember ""words to his own songs."" While the two opposites slowly forge a more intimate relationship, matters begin to change dramatically for Joseph - due to tax collectors, he is forced to withdraw his life savings of $6000 from his bank account; his old friend Howard dies, and upon returning home with Charlotte from a bar one night, he finds his apartment ransacked, his violin smashed and his entire life savings stolen. Frank , Eddie's fellow gangster, had been following Charlotte around and traced her to Joseph's apartment. Joseph then gives Charlotte the missing locker key, the item Eddie and Frank were looking for. Charlotte angrily asks Joseph why he had this all along but never gave it to her, and Joseph explains because he didn't want her to leave. Joseph, back to being the lonely man he was before, slowly reconciles with his elderly neighbor Ida , who he introduced to Charlotte and Howard, but had also been unfriendly towards for being too inquisitive about his life. Charlotte returns a few days later informing Joseph she sold the locker key to one of Eddie's criminal associates for $7000. She gives Joseph $6000 of that money - the sum Joseph lost - and keeps the remaining $1000 for herself to start her life over, claiming she knows a friend in the city who owes her a favor. The two kiss and say goodbye. The same morning, Joseph knocks on Ida's door and asks if she would like to accompany him on a NYC ferry the next day. Ida is interested, and Joseph agrees to pick her up the next morning."
30402.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} Timothy ""Dildo/Dunph"" Dunphy , is a high school senior living in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, in 1974. He hangs out with a group of friends, mainly to smoke marijuana at the water tower overlooking town. His friend, Drugs Delaney , suggests going out to a local bar called ""The Edge,"", which a sexually promiscuous classmate known as Bunny Cote is known to frequent. Accepting the idea, Dunph and his friends head back to his house to pick up his bong. Dunph tries to get his wheelchair-using younger brother, Jackie , to smuggle it out of the house, but they are slowed down by Dunph's father Pat , who insists that they all come inside and greet his poker-playing friends. While they are exchanging pleasantries, Jackie shows up with the bong wrapped in Dunph's jacket. The bong falls on the floor, and Pat picks it up asking what it is. Jackie tries to fool him by saying it is a horn...""a music horn"". Pat's friend, Joey , asks Dunph to demonstrate his playing abilities. Dunph tries, but blows air, and Pat, having heard enough, lets them leave. Pat's friends all know what the device is, but choose not to inform on Dunph and his friends. After ""The Edge"", Dunph and his friends get into a car  and drive off, with a big cloud of marijuana smoke fogging up the passenger compartment. Unable to see where he is going, Dunph rear-ends the back of a marked police car, with its occupant inside. Kaveech, one of Pat's poker-playing friends, has influence with a local judge, and manages to negotiate a plea to keep Dunph out of reform school. He is shipped off to Cornwall Academy, a Connecticut boys' boarding school with a segregated all-girls school nearby under the same name. As a condition of parole, Dunph must finish his senior year and graduate from Cornwall, or spend a year in jail. Though Dunph makes a sincere effort to stay out of trouble, it quickly catches up with him. The first incident is when Jack Wheeler , a preppy blonde student who comes from an obviously privileged life, introduces Dunph to Billy Fu, a middle eastern exchange student with ""the best reefer on campus"". The trio fashions a bong out of a 55-gallon drum hidden in a large bush, and smokes about half a bag of marijuana. Dunph later learns that Billy Fu routinely misses classes and gets away with it, because his father promises to donate a large amount of money to the school, on condition that Billy graduates. It does not take long for Dunphy to incur the wrath of Mr Funderburk , his rigid dorm master, and Dean Bill Mort, who receives a letter simply addressed to the school, but meant for Dunph's eyes. The letter is from Drugs Delaney, revealing Dunph's hatred of the school and of Funderburk, who routinely assigns ""work hours"" to students who misbehave. Eventually, Dunph accumulates more work hours than he has class days. Dunph also manages to make friends with Jane Weston , whom Wheeler calls ""hands down, the coolest girl in school"". The pair eventually develop their relationship from friendship to romance, but the relationship is brought to a screeching halt one day. This is the second part of an earlier incident when Dunph's room, shared by a boy named Irving , is raided by Funderburk. Wheeler's room is also raided. The incident bringing Dunph's and Jane's relationship to a stop occurs when Dunph, Jane, Billy Fu, Jizz and Wheeler are in Dunph's room smoking marijuana with a bottle of alcohol present. Wheeler excuses himself to make a phone call. Moments later, Funderburk bursts into the room, catching everyone in the act of getting high and drunk. Funderburk orders Jane out of the room just as Wheeler shows up, innocently saying he was checking to see if anyone was studying. Funderburk orders him out as well. In the midst of a morality lecture on how he intends to turn everyone in as an incentive for them not to repeat such an incident in the future, Dunph stops Funderburk in mid-sentence, telling him to ""shut the fuck up"". Funderburk calls Dunph outside. Dunph reveals his knowledge of the deal with Billy Fu's father, and if Funderburk reports everyone but Billy, Dunph will in turn, report Billy. Funderburk counters by producing the marijuana he confiscated in the earlier raid. Dunph offers Funderburk a deal, he will let himself be expelled if everyone else gets work hours. Funderburk accepts. When the boys are called to the Dean's office, they are surprised to learn that the only punishment was probation and work hours. Dunph eventually puts everything together and learns why: Funderburk gave him an even worse deal than they had worked out by having had Jane expelled from the school. Funderburk's actions also reversed her acceptance to Brown University the following year. Not long after, Dunph learns that Wheeler is accepted into Yale University by a letter of recommendation from Funderburk. Knowing that Wheeler was caught with marijuana during the first raid, Dunph concludes that Wheeler made his own deal with Funderburk to inform on everyone and have Jane expelled. Wheeler denies it, and Dunph threatens to throw Wheeler off the roof, where they are smoking marijuana one evening and Dunph reveals his knowledge of the situation. ""Your life's gonna suck anyway,"" Dunph says to a visibly defeated and weak Wheeler. Dunph later makes his way into the Dean's office at Brown University, where he tells the Dean that he was the one responsible for Jane's expulsion from Cornwall, and that she was innocent of any wrongdoing. He convinces the Dean of Jane's innocence, which the Dean uses to influence the review board to overturn their decision to revoke Jane's admission. The movie ends with Dunph graduating and even publicly defying Funderburk by refusing to shake his hand as customary at graduation, with his father and Jackie coming to school to pick him up. Dunph is given an acceptance letter from Rhode Island Junior College by his father. Dunph also reveals his intention to transfer to a ""senior college...where people sleep over and shit."""
37488.0	0.0	"A career bank robber, Jack Foley , and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco , are forced to share her car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends—his right-hand man, Buddy , and their unreliable associate, Glenn —work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley , who foolishly bragged to them years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller  who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley is planning on hitting up Ripley's mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth  and White Boy Bob . A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery and adds to ""the fun"" Foley claims they are having."
18393.0	1.0	"Justice  is a young woman living in South Central, Los Angeles. She was named Justice by her late mother, who gave birth to her while attending law school. After the shooting death of her boyfriend Markell ([[Q-Tip , Justice falls into a deep depression. She spends the majority of her time in the house she inherited from her grandmother, with her cat White Boy, only going out to her job at a local hair salon. Justice is a talented poet, she reads many of her poems throughout the course of the film, both to other characters and in voice over. Justice is at the hair salon working one day when a young postal clerk named Lucky  comes in and begins flirting with her. She rebuffs his advances with the help of her female boss; the two women pretend to be lesbians and mock Lucky with their ""relationship"". Lucky has also had tragedy in his life, his main focus is caring for his young daughter Keisha. He had to forcibly remove her from the care of her mother, a crack addict who was using drugs and having sex with her drug dealer while leaving the child unattended in the apartment. Lucky dreams of a professional career in music and shows considerable promise, but he insists his cousin is the true talent. Justice's friend Iesha  manages to talk Justice into taking a road trip to Oakland with Iesha's boyfriend Chicago , and Lucky's co-worker at the post office. Justice warily accepts, mainly because she has to go to Oakland for a hair show, and her car dies at the last minute. Unbeknownst to Justice, Lucky is Chicago's co-worker also on the trip, and she will now be sharing a postal van with him and their two mutual friends. Initially they argue, but over the course of the film soften towards each other as they discover their similarities. The foursome make a couple of detours, the first being a family reunion barbecue they see signs for on the road. Here it becomes apparent  that Iesha and Chicago's relationship is troubled. Lesha openly flirts with other men at the barbecue, while Chicago broods watching her behavior. The second stop is a beach where each of the four characters contemplate their separate situations in internal monologues. Next they stop at an African Cultural Fair where Lucky and Justice grow closer as they discuss their lives. After leaving the fair, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when a drunken Iesha informs Chicago she has been seeing someone on the side and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides not to get involved in the fight until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in the groin, and Chicago turns his physical brutality on Justice in retaliation. Lucky, Justice, along with a bleeding and shaken Iesha leave Chicago by the side of the road and continue on their journey. When Lucky stops the postal van, Justice goes to see what's wrong. She begins opening up to him about her life and Lucky becomes sympathetic. They share a kiss and Justice walks away apparently unsure of her feelings for Lucky. She goes back to him and they share another kiss. When the now-threesome arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky's cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed. Lucky blames himself for not being in Oakland sooner, believing he could have prevented the shooting had he been in town. He turns his anger on Justice, angrily blaming her for distracting him while they were on the road. Some months have passed, and we meet up with Justice again back at the hair salon, just at the moment Lucky brings in his daughter Keisha. Lucky is remorseful over his conduct in Oakland and the cruel words he said to Justice there. He asks her forgiveness. She smiles at him and they share a passionate kiss. Justice smiles coyly, and then turns her attention to Keisha, fussing over her hair. Justice and Lucky's eyes meet over Keisha's head and they smile, their connection as strong as ever."
4047.0	1.0	"Jack Elliot is an aging American baseball player unsuspectingly put on the trading block by the New York Yankees in favor of a rookie first-baseman (played by former Chicago White Sox player [[Frank Thomas , and there's only one taker: the Nagoya Chunichi Dragons of Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. Right away, the arrogant Elliot clashes with the Japanese culture and the team's manager; and he soon alienates his new teammates. He believes the rules and management style of his new skipper, Uchiyama , are ludicrous, and continues to do things his way, which leads his already dwindling performance to suffer that much more. His only ally on the team is another American ballplayer, Max ""Hammer"" Dubois , but even he's fed up with Jack's attitude and lack of respect for the game and his team. At the same time, Elliot develops a relationship with the beautiful Hiroko , who is, he later finds out, Uchiyama's daughter. After one too many outbursts, including punching out his interpreter , Elliot is suspended from play. After meeting Hiroko's family, including Uchiyama, Uchiyama admits to Jack that he hired him over the objections of management  and now his own career, not just Jack's, is in jeopardy. After hearing this, Elliot swallows his pride and admits his deficiencies. In a rare show of humility, he apologizes to the team, who rally around him and teach him the value of sportsmanship and respect for hard work. Uchiyama lifts his suspension and begins to work with Elliot on improving his play. The reinvigorated Elliot's enthusiasm for team play is contagious and the mediocre Dragons become contenders for the Central League pennant. In the process, he also utilizes a Japanese tradition of being able to tell off Uchiyama while intoxicated to convince him to encourage his players to be more aggressive and ""have a little fun."" Eventually, Elliot gets the opportunity to break Uchiyama's record of seven consecutive games with a home run. His new-found respect for team play becomes apparent in a crucial game against the Yomiuri Giants. With the bases loaded, two outs and his team down 6-5, the team brass expects Uchiyama to signal for a bunt to try and tie the game, even though it would deny Elliot the chance to break the home run record. Elliot goes to Uchiyama and asks if he read the sign correctly. Uchiyama nods and tells him to swing away, knowing that a home run would break his record. Elliot takes a called strike one with a questionable call on the first pitch. Elliot fouls the second pitch back. Faced with a no ball, two strike count, Elliot sees the Giants' infield is playing deep and bunts. The Giants are caught off guard and the bunt is successful in allowing the tying run to cross. As the Giants struggle to field the ball, Elliot runs through and knocks over one of the Giants' players , which causes a throwing error and allows the winning run to score from second base. With the Dragons winning the pennant, Max and Elliot return to Major League Baseball. Max signs a contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers, ending his five year career in NPB, and Elliot, who is married to Hiroko, becomes a coach and mentor with the Detroit Tigers. The movie ends with one of the players calling him Chief, the same name he called Uchiyama in Japan."
29834.0	1.0	Despite the disapproval of his radio manager, a disc jockey chooses to play the blues instead of their regular country music. While he is doing so, different listeners tune in. Each of them have various personal problems. Unbeknownst to them all, each will be crossing the path of a serial killer as they near the town of Ozona.
32448.0	1.0	A diverse group of couples, lesbians, gays and straights, all frequent a local bar and struggle to accept each others lifestyles.
35888.0	0.0	"The film opens with young Radha sitting in a mustard field with her parents. Her mother tells her a story of a people who wanted to see the ocean; then she explains that sometimes one must learn to see some things  without looking. The film flashes forward to Sita, a newly married young woman, trying to perceive some emotion from her husband Jatin. Jatin appears distant and shows little interest in Sita or in being married. Sita is given a perfunctory welcome by Jatin's family. Jatin is in a typical joint family arrangement. He lives with his older brother Ashok, his sister-in-law Radha, his invalid mother  and the family servant Mundu. Their apartment is on the second floor of a two story dwelling in a crowded marketplace in New Delhi. Ashok and Jatin run a small store  that sells food  and rents videotapes. Sita is gradually exposed to various difficulties. She is also in a typical arranged marriage, but she learns that Jatin married her only to put an end to Ashok's incessant nagging. Jatin continues to date his Chinese girlfriend. Sita does not rebuke him for fear that it may bring dishonor to her parents. The rest of Jatin's home is not rosy either. Biji is paralyzed and without speech after a stroke, and Sita and Radha must constantly attend to Biji . Sita spends her days slaving in the hot and greasy kitchen, and she finds herself lonely and frustrated at night because Jatin is out dallying with his girlfriend. On the financial front, the store provides a modest income but their expenses are very high and they are unable to expand their business or buy a bigger home. Sita resignedly accepts these difficulties, but yearns to break out of this stifling and hopeless situation. It is later revealed that Radha faces a somewhat similar problem. Many years ago, Ashok had come under the influence of Swamiji, a local preacher, who teaches that desires are the cause of suffering and must be suppressed. Ashok is completely taken by these monastic teachings and accordingly suppresses all his desires. He also donates large sums from the meager store income to treat the Swamiji's hydrocele condition. It is also revealed that Radha cannot bear children, due to an untreatable ailment. The Swamiji, as per the strict devotional and spiritual convention, teaches that sexual contact is permitted only as a means for procreation. Accordingly, Ashok aims to stamp out all his desires and has not slept with Radha for the past 13 years. He puts Radha through an excruciating ritual in which they lie motionless next to each other whenever he wants to test his resolve. Radha is racked with guilt over her ailment and driven to frustration by the ritual. She resigns to live out her life, but is unable to stop her growing sadness. Radha and Sita go through the motions oscillating between their desires and disappointments. Radha, the older woman, remains bound by tradition and subdued into silence while Sita refuses to accept misfortune and wishes to break free. One evening, shunned by their husbands, provoked by their  feelings and driven to desperation by their unfulfilled longings, Radha and Sita seek solace in each other and become lovers. Overjoyed at finding satisfaction in this unusual manner, they resolve to continue it in secret. They eventually realize their love for each other and they start looking for ways to move out and be on their own. Things take a turn when the servant Mundu becomes aware of their relationship. When Radha reprimands him for masturbating to pornography in front of Biji, he warily reminds her that her own ""hanky panky"" is bad for the family. One day, Mundu causes Ashok to walk in on Radha and Sita. Ashok is horrified. He is shattered when he finds this incident has stoked his own long-dormant desire. He nevertheless confronts Radha. Radha overcomes her subservience and pours out her emotions. Desire impels life, and she desires Sita because she desires to live. She pointedly suggests that if Ashok seeks to control desires then he should henceforth seek Swamiji's help and stop the ritual. Amid this argument, Radha's sari catches fire. Ashok steps out of the way and angrily watches her burn . Radha puts out the flames and recalls her mother's advice from when she was young. She can finally see her ocean. She leaves Ashok. The film ends with Radha moving out and joining Sita."
10932.0	0.0	"Blush takes place in the 1950s during a campaign by the new Communist government in China designed to ""re-educate"" prostitutes to become contributing members of society. Two such prostitutes, Xiao'E  and Qiuyi , have recently been sent to a re-education camp by the People's Liberation Army. Rebelling against her new life of uniforms and forced re-education, Qiuyi escapes and becomes a kept woman for Laopu  When Qiuyi becomes pregnant, she seeks refuge in a Buddhist temple but is cast out when the baby miscarries. Left in the training camp, Xiao'e undergoes her ideological re-education and emerges from her ordeal as a factory worker. Detesting physical labor, she goes on to marry Laopu and has a child with him, forcing him to steal money from work. When Laopu is caught, he is sentenced to death, and Xiao'e abandons him and her child to remarry. As the film ends, Xiao'E'schild is adopted by Qiuyi, who had gone on to marry a simple old teahouse owner."
14228.0	0.0	The plot is built around the story of Sara , who is married to an orphaned alcoholic Huseyn , losing her engagement ring during the family vacation at a country house near Baku. Sara suspects her yard neighbors of stealing the ring, and it does not take long before neighbors start fighting with each other. The story further reveals the ills and corruption of society at the end of Soviet period, disintegration of old social values, relationships between neighbors living in hidden envy of each other.
18160.0	1.0	Sydney , age 24, is a woman who has her whole life mapped out in front of her. Living with longtime boyfriend James, and working her way up at the respected high-art photography magazine Frame, Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable. But when a crack in her ceiling springs a leak and Syd finds herself knocking on the door of her upstairs neighbor, a chance meeting suddenly takes her on a new path. Opening the door to an uncharted world for Syd is Lucy Berliner, a renowned photographer, enchanting, elusive, and curiously retired. Now 40, Lucy lives with her once glamorous, heroin-addicted German girlfriend Greta, and plays host to a collection of hard-living party kids. Before Syd's caught her breath, she's caught Lucy's fascination and is drawn into the center of Lucy's strangely alluring life upstairs. Syd mentions Lucy to her bosses  but they remain uninterested until they realise exactly who Lucy is. At a lunch, Lucy agrees to work for the magazine as long as Syd is her editor. Soon a working relationship develops between the two and a project is underway which promises a second chance for Lucy's career. But as Syd and Lucy's collaboration draws them closer together, their working relationship turns sexual and the lines between love and professionalism suddenly blur. As Syd slowly discovers the darker truths of Lucy's life on the edge, she is forced to confront her own hunger for recognition and the uncertain rewards of public esteem.
35064.0	0.0	Breaking the Waves tells the story of Bess McNeill, a pretty young Scottish woman with a history of psychological problems. She marries Norwegian oil rig worker Jan, despite the apprehensions of her community and Calvinist church.  Bess is somewhat simple and childlike in her beliefs. During her regular visits to the church, she prays to God and believes God answers through her using her voice. Bess has difficulty living without Jan when he is away on the oil platform. Jan makes occasional phone calls to Bess in which they express their love and sexual desires. Bess grows impatient and prays for his immediate return. The next day, Jan is paralysed from an industrial accident and is flown back to the mainland. Bess believes her prayer was the reason the accident occurred. No longer able to perform sexually and mentally affected by the paralysis, Jan asks Bess to find a lover. Bess is devastated and storms out. Jan then attempts to commit suicide and fails. He falls unconscious and is readmitted to hospital. Jan's condition deteriorates and he urges Bess to find and have sex with other men and tell him the details as it will be as if they are together and will keep him alive. Bess begins to believe these actions are the will of God and in accordance with loving Jan. Despite her unwillingness and inner turmoil to be with other men, she perseveres as she believes it is keeping Jan alive.
1847.0	1.0	The film tells the story of a rich orphan - Apputtan, a generous and liberal man. He helps settle the financial woes of people in the village. He is attracted to a girl whose education he has been sponsoring. But her response to his love after becoming a doctor at his expense, was something Apputtan had least expected. As Apputtan has studied only up to high school, she treats him like an illiterate. The film ends well with the girl developing interest towards Apputtan.{{cite web}}
8328.0	0.0	The film starts in 1912. Aboard of the RMS Titanic, the wealthy Winfield family heads to the United States. 20-year-old Edwina enjoys her engagement to Charles Fitzgerald and she is surrounded by her parents Kate and Bert, her brothers George and Teddy, and younger sister Alexis, who is celebrating her sixth birthday. One night, the ship hits an iceberg and soon starts to sink. While heading to the life boats, panic breaks out and Alexis is nowhere to be found. Kate convinces Edwina to go into a boat with Teddy and stays behind herself to look for Alexis. After the sinking, Edwina is able to lift George from the water and they are eventually saved by RMS Carpathia. Edwina, George and Teddy soon find out that Alexis has survived the disaster, but that their parents and Charles didn't. Upon arriving in Boston, Edwina tries to adjust to a normal life, but the traumatic experience has a great deal of impact on her. She is advised to send the children away to their aunt, but she is determined to raise them alone, not wanting to neglect the family newspaper company. George is planning on dropping out of high school to become a theater director and Alexis runs away from home for a night when she learns that her mother had a chance to go on a lifeboat, but choose to stay with her husband. Edwina refuses a proposal from a man named Ben Jones, explaining she still isn't over the death of her fiancée. Ten years go by. George was forced to go to Harvard University and later had to take over the newspaper. Edwina is mad at him for ignoring his responsibilities for the theater. She eventually decides to sell the newspaper and allows George to follow his dream and become a professional stage director. At the premiere of George's first professional play, Edwina meets Sam Horowitz, the father of Helen Horowitz, the lead actress George is in love with. Alexis is seduced by the older womanizing actor Malcolm Stone, much to the distress of Edwina. The rebellious Alexis doesn't stop seeing him and she accompanies him to nightclubs, where she is introduced to cocaine. Edwina tries to break them up, but this only leads to an estrangement from her. On the day of George and Helen's marriage ceremony, she runs away from home. Edwina follows her to England and aboards a ship for the first time since the disaster. She initially refuses to leave her cabin, afraid of the memories. The first time on the deck, she meets Englishman Patrick Kelly. He immediately shows interest in her, but she is still recultant to allow herself to love someone. In London, they spend all their time looking for Alexis and find out she is heading to Paris for the weekend. In the meantime, she agrees to stay with Patrick and they give in to their feelings for each other. Although knowing he is a married man, she spends a few nights with him and then reluctantly leaves him. She eventually locates Alexis and finds out she is married to Malcolm. She threatens to sue him for kidnapping and rape and tries to convince Alexis to go with her. Before leaving with her, Alexis admits that Malcolm drugged her. Back in Boston, the Winfield family is finally reunited and George and Helen announce they will have a baby. Edwina stops being mad at her mother for not going into a lifeboat and she is courted by Sam.
34168.0	0.0	"The film opens and closes in the modern era. A German industrialist, Hans Wieck, returns to Budapest with his family on the occasion of his 80th birthday having been stationed there during World War II. During dinner at his favorite restaurant, Szabo's, Hans regales his family and friends with stories of his many visits to the restaurant before and during the war. As he relishes his favorite dish, ""Beef Rolls"" he suddenly collapses with the song ""Gloomy Sunday"" being played, at his request, by two musicians. As he dies he sees a portrait of a beautiful woman taken many years before. This portrait is the device by which the film travels back in time to Budapest just before the war. Back in the late 1930s in Budapest, restaurant owner László Szabo  and his beautiful lover and waitress, Ilona  hire a young pianist, András, to play in their restaurant. András falls in love with Ilona and she with him, though she still maintains a lover's relationship with László. András is inspired to write the song ""Gloomy Sunday"" for Ilona's birthday, the same night that a young Hans  takes the picture of her and asks her to marry him, though she refuses him. Later that night Hans tries to commit suicide by jumping into the Danube, but László saves him and Hans returns to Germany. The resulting song ""Gloomy Sunday"" is recorded and though very popular at first soon becomes feared by the public for its melancholy melody which seems to trigger a series of suicides. András comes to regret writing the song and nearly attempts suicide himself but is stopped by Ilona and László before he can take a small vial of poison. András, László and Ilona form a tenuous though touching personal and professional relationship in which both men share the love of the beautiful Ilona. It has its problems, as articulated by László to Ilona during an argument he is having with András in front of her: ""Easy for you, you've got all you need. You have two men, and each of us only half a woman."" After a few years, Nazi Germany captures Budapest and Hans returns. He is now an SS officer and responsible for organizing the transport of Budapest's Jews to the concentration camps; however, he uses his position to save the wealthiest Jews  in exchange for large ""gifts"" of goods and money. One night at the restaurant Hans brings a fellow SS officer to Szabos and insists that András play his fateful composition. András refuses but is compelled to do so when Ilona begins to sing the words to the song, something she has told him she would never do unless she were alone. When the song is over András kills himself by grabbing Hans's pistol and shooting himself in the head. After they bury András, László and Ilona pledge their love to each other and László puts the restaurant in her name to keep it from being confiscated by the Nazis. At Ilona's request Hans promises to protect László from being rounded up for ""special treatment"". However, as the Russians are closing in on Budapest, László is arrested and sent to the railway station to be transferred to a concentration camp. Ilona hurries to Hans' headquarters to ask him to intervene which he promises to do, making it clear that she must sleep with him to seal the bargain. A tearful Ilona submits to save her lover, but Hans betrays them, passing László by at the station and saving another Jew whose family had already paid him a large ransom. The historical section of the film ends with the revelation of Ilona's pregnancy as she ""speaks"" to András at his grave, leaving the audience unsure who might be the father of her child. Back in the present, media reporters are paying tribute to the deceased Hans, as he is being put into his casket and driven away in a hearse. Ironically, Hans Wieck is being remembered not only as a wealthy industrialist but also as someone who saved ""a thousand Hungarian Jews"" during the war. In the closing scene of the film, the middle-age waiter at Szabos pours two glasses of champagne and returns to the kitchen where an older Ilona  is washing out the bottle of poison taken from András so long ago. Her son congratulates her on her birthday and the two embrace with the song ""Gloomy Sunday"" playing in the background."
2698.0	0.0	Following the events of the first film, Ning  parts ways with the monk Yin  and returns to his home village, which has since fallen on desperate times. Fleeing from cannibals, Ning winds up being imprisoned. Sharing a cell with Elder Chu, a renowned scholar, Ning spends apparent months languishing in prison. On the day of Ning's execution, the scholar reveals that he has dug out an escape tunnel. He gives Ning one of his books and a pendant, and sends Ning through the tunnel. Ning obliviously steals the horse of Autumn , a Taoist monk. When Ning stops for the night in an abandoned villa, Autumn catches up and the two sort out the misunderstanding. But in the middle of the night, rebel soldiers attack the two visitors. After a short skirmish, the rebel sisters Windy  and Moon  discover Elder Chu's pendant. While Ning mistakes Windy for his love Siu Sian, as she is played by the same actress, the rebels mistake Ning for the Elder Chu. The sisters explain that their father, Lord Fu , was framed for a crime and is now being transported to the place of his execution. The rebels' mission is to free him. They set off and leave Ning and Autumn at the villa. The next night, the two discover that the villa actually is haunted by a demon. Autumn manages to injure it, but it flees. He gives pursuit, but without success. He emerges at daybreak on a dirt road, causing an altercation with an imperial convoy led by Fu . Fu and Autumn battle to a stalemate, and then go their separate ways. Unbeknownst to Autumn, the convoy is the one carrying the sisters' father. Having failed to catch the convoy earlier, the rebels return to the haunted villa, waiting to ambush the convoy there. As the convoy enters, however, the demon returns as well. Maneuvering Fu into fighting the demon, the rebels are able to rescue the sisters' father. Before long, however, the Tao High Priest arrives with his entourage. He incapacitates the rebels with a spell, which Autumn recognizes as an evil chant. Ning and Windy escape to seek the help of Yin, while Lord Fu, Autumn and Moon are captured by the priest. The captives are brought back to the High Priest's palace. Now suspicious, Fu enters the palace only to find the hollow corpses of the entire royal court inside. Recognizing that the priest is possessed, Fu frees the captives and fights valiantly by himself to allow them time to recover. Lacking spiritual magic, however, Fu is not able to overcome the demon and is destroyed. Just then, Yin and the others arrive. The demon is forced to reveal its true form, a gigantic centipede-like creature. Yin and Autumn are swallowed by the creature, and they separate their souls from their bodies in order to destroy it from the inside. Autumn, however, is not able to return to his body, and his soul floats away. The next day is the marriage of Windy to the Ma family. Ning runs down from his inn to the main street and tells Moon that he wishes Windy a long, happy marriage before leaving. In the desert, as Yin and Ning are about to continue their journey, they see two women approach on horseback, which happen to be Windy and Moon. Windy has escaped from her wedding and decides to leave with Ning.
4937.0	0.0	"On the opening night of Princess Ida at the Savoy Theatre in January 1884, composer Arthur Sullivan , who is ill from kidney disease, is barely able to make it to the theatre to conduct. He goes on a holiday to Continental Europe hoping that the rest will improve his health. While he is away, ticket sales and audiences at the Savoy Theatre wilt in the hot summer weather. Producer Richard D'Oyly Carte  has called on Sullivan and the playwright W. S. Gilbert  to create a new piece for the Savoy, but it is not ready when Ida closes. Until a new piece can be prepared, Carte revives an earlier Gilbert and Sullivan work, The Sorcerer. Gilbert's idea for their next opera features a transformative magic potion, which Sullivan feels is too similar to the magic lozenge and other magic talismans used in previous operasGilbert and Sullivan's The Sorcerer  involved a magic love potion, and several of Gilbert's other works involved various magic devices that transform the possessor. See, e.g., Dulcamara, or the Little Duck and the Great Quack . and appears mechanical in its reliance on a supernatural device. Sullivan, under pressure to write more serious music, says he longs for something that is ""probable"" and involves ""human interest"", and is not dependent on magic. Gilbert sees nothing wrong with his libretto and refuses to write a new one, which results in a standoff. The impasse is resolved after Gilbert and his wife visit a popular exhibition of Japanese arts and crafts in Knightsbridge, London. When the katana sword he purchases there falls noisily off the wall of his study, he is inspired to write a libretto set in exotic Japan. Sullivan likes the idea and agrees to compose the music for it. Gilbert, Sullivan and Carte work to make The Mikado a success, and many glimpses of rehearsals and stressful backstage preparations for the show follow: Cast members lunch together before negotiating their salaries. Gilbert brings in Japanese girls from the exhibition to teach the ladies' chorus how to walk and use fans in the Japanese manner. The principal cast react to the fittings of their costumes designed by C. Wilhelm. The entire cast object to the proposed cut of the title character's Act Two solo, ""A more humane Mikado"". The actors face first-night jitters in their dressing rooms. Finally The Mikado is ready to open. As usual, Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening performance and paces the streets of London. Returning to the theatre, however, he finds that the new opera is a resounding success."
21556.0	1.0	Harrison  is a struggling freelance writer who becomes the unwilling babysitter of a precocious little six-year-old girl, Jenny , when her mother, Melissa , one of Harrison's former girlfriends whom he hasn't seen in some time, asks him to babysit because Melissa needs to be out of town for several weeks. Harrison is originally unenthusiastic about the arrangement, but soon he develops a tenderness for Jenny. Little Jenny decides that Harrison needs a steady girlfriend and plays matchmaker for Harrison and Holly , a beautiful woman who frequently visits the same coffee shop as Harrison and Jenny.. Harrison later writes stories for Jenny about Mr. Dodo—her favorite stuffed animal. Jenny secretly gets Holly to transcribe the books, and they submit them to his publisher. Eventually, Harrison discovers that he is Jenny's father. Finally, near the end, Harrison tries to get custody of Jenny because of Jenny's uncaring mother.
9884.0	1.0	"Kathleen Kelly  is involved with Frank Navasky , a leftist postmodernist newspaper writer for the New York Observer who's always in search of an opportunity to root for the underdog. While Frank is devoted to his typewriter, Kathleen prefers her laptop and logging into her AOL e-mail account. There, using the screen name 'Shopgirl', she reads an e-mail from ""NY152"", the screen name of Joe Fox . In her reading of the e-mail, she reveals the boundaries of the online relationship; no specifics, including no names, career or class information, or family connections. Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a chain of ""mega"" bookstores similar to Borders or Barnes & Noble. Kathleen, on the other hand, runs the independent bookstore The Shop Around The Corner, that her mother ran before her. The two then pass each other on their respective ways to work, where it is revealed that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west Manhattan. Joe arrives at work, overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York with the help of his friend, branch manager Kevin . Meanwhile, Kathleen and her three store assistants, George , Birdie , and Christina  open up shop for the day. Following a day on the town with his eleven-year-old aunt Annabel  and four-year-old brother Matthew  , Joe enters Kathleen's store to let his younger relatives experience storytime. Joe and Kathleen have a friendly conversation that reveals Kathleen's fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner, shocking Joe. He introduces himself as ""Joe. Just call me Joe,"" omitting his last name, and makes an abrupt exit with the children. However, at a publishing party later in the week, Joe and Kathleen meet again, both of them being in the New York book business, where Kathleen discovers Joe's true identity. Following suggestions from Frank and Joe via ""NY152"" Kathleen begins a media war, including both a boycott of Fox Books and an interview on the local news. All the while, ""NY152"" and ""Shopgirl"" continue their courtship, to the point where ""NY152"" asks ""Shopgirl"" to meet. Too embarrassed to go alone, Joe brings Kevin along for moral support. He insists that ""Shopgirl"" may be the love of his life. Meanwhile Kevin, looking in a cafe window at the behest of Joe, discovers the true identity of ""Shopgirl."" When Joe discovers that it is actually Kathleen behind the name, he confronts her as Joe . The two exchange some bitter words and Joe leaves the cafe hurt, Kathleen returns home puzzled why NY152 might have stood her up. Despite all efforts, The Shop Around the Corner slowly goes under. In a somber moment Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of the store is one of friendliness and relaxation, yet without the same dedication to children's books as her independent shop. Eventually, her employees move on to other jobs; as Christina goes job hunting, George gets a job at the children's department at a Fox Books store  and Birdie, who is already wealthy from investments, retires. Allowing time for their electronic relationship to convalesce, Joe visits Kathleen while she is sick, and for the first time makes a favorable impression. Joe discovers that Kathleen has broken up with Frank, who has moved in with a talk show host who interviewed him ([[Jane Adams . This was predated one week by Joe and his uptight girlfriend, Patricia , who broke up in their apartment building while stuck in the elevator. Kathleen and Joe develop a tentative friendship that blossoms over the course of a few weeks and they begin to spend more time with one another. During this time, Joe as ""NY152"" mysteriously postpones meeting Kathleen. Finally, ""NY152"" and ""Shopgirl"" agree to meet for the first time since ""NY152"" apparently stood her up. Joe and his dog Brinkley  meet Kathleen at Riverside Park. Kathleen admits that she had wanted ""NY152"" to be Joe so badly, and the two kiss."
28042.0	1.0	Lady Torrance  is introduced as a disillusioned character, her Sicilian father was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan and she's been trapped in a miserable marriage for twenty years. Her tyrannical and bigoted husband is struck down by cancer. Then Lady Torrance meets the orpheuse, a young man named Val Xavier , an Elvis Presley-inspired drifter. A romantic entanglement ensues as Lady Torrance puts behind the misery of marriage behind her and finds passion and happiness with Val.
22967.0	1.0	Ben Mendelsohn stars as Lewis Riley, an unemployed young man who applies for a job as a director/drama teacher at a mental hospital. He lands the job and finds himself directing a production of the Mozart opera Cosi Fan Tutte. That's an elaborate, demanding piece of theatre. And it's an opera. And it's in Italian. And it's going to be performed by a cast that he must select from among the patients, who only speak English. One of the patients, Roy , sweeps everything along before him, organising auditions, selecting cast members, and criticising the director. The cast chosen include three women: Julie , Ruth , and Cherry ; and two men: Henry  and Doug . The musical director is Zac . The enthusiasm of Roy infects the group, and they charge headlong into a memorable production. Alongside the story of Lewis, the theme of Cosi Fan Tutte is explored as it relates to his personal life. Lewis's relationship with his girlfriend Lucy , already under pressure, is not helped by a friend called Nick , who seems more interested in testing Lucy's faithfulness than anything else. The story is loosely based on Nowra's own experience at producing a play  at Plenty Mental Hospital in suburban Melbourne in 1971.Teaching Australian Literature, Cosi
26192.0	0.0	The story centers around singer Thiola Rayfield  and her band Big T and the Texas Wheelers. The plot follows the band's climb to success and Thiola's tumultuous relationship with their violently abusive, alcoholic manager Justice Parker . In the midst of the chaos, a murder occurs, leaving authorities with a trio of suspects and a mystery to solve.{{cite web}}
11193.0	1.0	Claire  resents the fact that she has never been in love. She soon falls for somebody but is left heartbroken and disturbed, largely thanks to her emotionally unstable friends.
31013.0	0.0	Nick Cavanaugh  is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed with a woman named Helena . After she is injured in a grievous hit-and-run motor vehicle accident in front of his home, he kidnaps and treats her in his house surreptitiously, amputating both of her legs. Later, he amputates her healthy arms as well. Though Helena is the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with her constant ridiculing of him for all of his shortcomings. After some time living together she becomes lonely and returns his affection.
33907.0	0.0	Sylvia Chang plays a director who intends to make a romance film and begins to wonder about the role fate plays in relationships. She ends up re-examining her own first love in a completely different light. The story is set in two different periods of time, one in the 1970s where Gigi plays the teenage Xiao-rou, and the other in the 1990s where Sylvia plays the older Xiao-rou. Takeshi Kaneshiro plays the role of a shy teenager, Ho-jun, who falls in love with Xiao-rou . Their relationship turns intimate but faces fierce objections from their parents. Karen Mok plays Chen-li, Xiao-rou's best friend, whom Xiao-rou confides in. This teenage love soon fizzles out owing to misunderstandings and Ho-jun, after many years, turns to marry Chen-li. One day, Chen-li reveals that she is a lesbian and that they both love the same girl - Xiao-rou. Ho-jun meets Xiao-rou on a trip to Japan and upon knowing that Ho-jun is already married, Xiao-rou returns home and gets herself engaged. Ho-jun manages a last attempt to reunite with Xiao-rou by flying to Hong Kong and telling her that he is already a divorcee, but it is to no avail. Years later, Xiao-rou finds out that Ho-jun's wife was actually Chen-li. She discovers this only after Chen-li has died. Chen-li leaves a message for Xiao-rou asking her for forgiveness. As Xiao rou prepares to fly back to Hong Kong from Japan, she receives a present from Ho-jun. In the box were photographs, taken when Ho-jun was thinking about Xiao-rou and of their brief moments of happiness. It is only at the end of the film when it is tactfully revealed that the director Sylvia Chang was actually re-enacting her own teenage romance.
32883.0	0.0	"Therapist Tess Parker  meets Paul Tomlinson , an English professor she's wacky over, and he's also a guy that is too good to be true. Her patient Carla , comes to Tess to tell her about her former lover who wanted to marry her but needed some time after his wife's death, even though they started going out when he was still married, but he left it a year and never came back, only to tell her that he was with someone else. Tess tries to comfort her after she thought Carla was going to jump of the edge of a building. The descriptions Carla gives Tess of her former lover seem some what familiar, but it is until the time she saw her after that, that Carla shows Tess her ring that was given to her by him, and a book that she always carries around written by him, Author: Paul Tomlinson, and just to clarify, his picture too. Tess eventually confronts Paul about this and he says that he knew her as a librarian, and the time Tess saw him hug her was to thank her for getting a 'hard to find' book for him. He says he had no relationship with her at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book, and that he was not sleeping with her. Tess, believes him and they go on a merry-go-round together. Afterwards, they walked around the funfair and had a lovely, little snog. Unfortunately, Carla was passing by and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her. Tess told Carla that she wasn't, but Carla slapped her and drove away. Tess tried to run after her but Paul said to let her go. He gave her a hug and said ""God save them all"". The next day, Tess goes to Carla's apartment, Carla wouldn't go to the door but it was open so Tess walked in. Carla was nowhere to be seen, so Tess had a snoop around, she found a picture of Paul, a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant, another book written by him, but more importantly, in a wooden chest, she found some love letters, she opened one, at the top it said 'dear my love', and at the bottom, it said 'with all my love, Paul'. Disturbed, she walked out with the letter. At night, in bed, she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul. In the morning, she has a shower and gets out when the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts, assuming someone was there. She then finds Paul's jumper on her chair. She jumps when she hears Carla's voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there. Carla tells her that Paul left it at her house this morning and came round to show her and taunt her. Tess shouts at her to get out or that she'd call the police. Carla said it was a good idea because Tess was in danger. Carla told Tess that she's warning her to stay away from Paul because he killed his wife, and that he'd kill again. Carla walked out. Outside Tess's house, Paul came and said he was worried about her. She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning, she showed him that Carla's  sweater. He said he had no idea how she got it. He told her maybe she stole it because she said it herself that she broke into her house and that she was capable of anything. Then she showed him the love letter, she asked him if he wrote it, he said yes-to his wife, he had been trying to find them. Suddenly Tess asked him how his wife died, he said this was sick. He said it was an accident, she was hiking up in the mountains and he guessed that she tripped and fell, he guessed because he wasn't there because they had just had an argument and he went back to the cabin, the rangers said it looked like she slipped. She told him that Carla said he killed his wife. He said they weren't the perfect couple by any means, but he loved her. She apologised and said that she didn't know to explain her behaviour lately, she let herself get sucked into Carla's delusions. He forgave her. She asked why he was here and he said that she called and the school told him that Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent. Then they both realised, Carla. Her front door was already open. They started looking for her. Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around. The meat in her freezer had been stabbed, and there was blood on the walls. Paul told Tess to go back to his place and let the police take care of Carla. At Paul's place, he went for a shower and she fell asleep after a tiring day. She woke up, and wandered into another room-where she found his wedding picture, the glass had broken in half. The door closed behind her and she was locked in. She tried to get out but she couldn't. She realised that a chair was on fire and the smoke alarm went off. More desperate than ever, she struggled with the door and shouted Paul's name. Just in time, Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out. As he tried to put out the fire, she called 911. They arrested Carla. The police told Tess and Paul that they were only going to question her because for all they knew, it could have been either one of those two because the fire was set. Tess and Paul went to Paul's other house, it was snowing there. Later, again, they went to bed together. And as a surprise for Tess, Paul put a ring on Tess's finger. It was a surprise for her, as it was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially for her. This was enough to start believing that Paul was telling lies, and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth. She told him she'd be right back and went upstairs to change and pack, as he was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left. In the car Carla showed up after she had been questioned and told her she'd have to run, because the roads were covered with ice. Tess asked her what she was doing and Carla replied ""saving your life"". She said it was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire. They ran off. After waiting for a while, shouting her name with no replies, and searching upstairs to find no-one except a dressing gown, he realised she had gone. Paul changed, and left as well. As Tess and Carla were running on because Carla new the route well, Paul found it easy to follow them because it was snowing and he just followed their footprints. He eventually caught up with them. Carla told him that Tess knew everything and he told Tess that he loved her. Carla told him that Tess knew that he killed his wife. He said she was crazy. She reminded him when he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them, and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla. She said that when his wife's back was turned on the mountains, he snuck up and pushed her. Tess interfered and said that if Carla was lying, how would he explain the ring, that Carla has exactly the same. He said he only gave the same ring to his wife whom never took it off, and as far as he knew, she was buried with it. That is when they realised. Tess asked Carla, ""you killed her?"". She said she did it for each other. Paul angrily started walking forward. Carla was slowly walking back and didn't notice a huge drop behind her, she slipped, and fell, but she was holding on...to Paul's hand. He said that he should let her die. Tess said no, hold on. Paul did, but it was too hard, she fell again and held on to a rock. Her last words were to Paul saying ""you still love me, don't you?"", until her hands slipped of the rock and she fell to her death crashing into many more sharp rocks along the way. Tess cries and Paul comforts her. Outside Paul's second house, we have to assume the next day, Tess and Paul, are getting ready to leave, putting their luggage in the car. Paul finishes putting the rest in the boot as Tess gets into the car. Looking for a map she opens a draw in the front of the car, finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her, she opens them two find two identical heart rings, the same as she had been given from Paul and the same as his wife had been given from him. We see her with a weird face. The film ends with the camera zooming out on Paul getting into the car."
22230.0	0.0	The year is 1931. Spain is politically divided between Republicans and Traditionalists and on the verge of the Spanish Second Republic. Fernando, a young soldier, deserts his duty. He befriends Manolo, played by Fernando Fernán Gómez, an old man with a large house in the country. Fernando meets and is enchanted by Manolo's four daughters. As he meets each of the first three one by one, he falls in love and has sex with each of them, determining to marry, but with each one a complication arises: Clara, played by Miriam Díaz-Aroca ; Violeta, played by Ariadna Gil ; and Rocío, played by Maribel Verdú, . Heartbroken each time, the father of the girls encourages him to have patience. Each of the daughters is beautiful, and represents a different aspect of feminine sexuality. The youngest of the family, Luz, played by Penélope Cruz, represents naïveté. While Fernando is pursuing her sisters, Luz gets progressively more angry and jealous, but eventually Fernando realizes that she is the best one of the four to marry.
33521.0	1.0	Jade Li  is a feisty, 22 year old Chinese-Canadian aspiring actress who lives at home with her traditional Chinese family: her strict father , her dutiful mother , and her sweet younger sister, Pearl . Their older brother, Winston, has been disowned -- a fate Jade is not eager to share, both for her own sake and to spare her family pain. Her family tries to put on the perfect public persona at all costs so as to maintain their dignity as well as uphold their traditional Chinese values. One primary part of this persona is prosperity. Jade's father hopes that true financial prosperity will become reality through penny stocks. Jade, meanwhile, tries to achieve that happy medium between giving in to her parent's wishes and fulfilling her own needs and desires - double happiness. Therefore, although she manages to land a few bit parts on camera, Jade spends most of her time working in the shop owned by a family friend, performing the duties of a respectful daughter and suffering through arranged dates with prosperous young Chinese men. An adept cultural chameleon, though, she also leads a double life, hanging out with best friend Lisa . When her father's childhood friend arrives for a visit, however, Jade must juggle her competing identities even more carefully than usual, lest her choice of professions -- and boyfriends -- shame her father. Because of its instability, Jade's parents don't understand or widely publicize Jade's aspirations to be an actress. Their main want for Jade is to date and marry a nice Chinese boy, a goal for which Jade's extended family also strives as they are always trying to introduce her to Chinese boys. Initially, they believe that the boy is Andrew, with who Jade even agrees to go out. But Jade, beyond wanting to be an actress, wishes her family had more western sensibilities. She is attracted to a slightly awkward but persistent Caucasian English graduate student named Mark. Jade has to figure out how to both please her family, who would not approve of her dating a Caucasian, and be true to herself. Her older brother is already out of the picture for that very reason. Naturally, something's got to give sooner or later and the facade of the perfect Chinese daughter soon begins to slip.
16919.0	1.0	Willie Conway goes home for his high school class reunion. He is at a crossroads in his life. He can't decide if he should marry his girlfriend. He can't decide if he should quit his music and take a job as a salesman. Over the course of the film, he spends time with his old friends who are all at similar crossroads. By the end they all discover what it is that they want.
17923.0	0.0	"At an illegal card game, a young street urchin  witnesses the massacre of a group of mobsters named Shoulders , Stooge , the Rodent , the Brow  and Little Face  at the hands of Flattop ([[William Forsythe  and Itchy , two of the hoods on the payroll of Alphonse ""Big Boy"" Caprice . Big Boy's crime syndicate is aggressively taking over small businesses in the city. Detective Dick Tracy  catches the urchin  in an act of petty theft. After rescuing him from a ruthless host, Tracy temporarily adopts him with the help of his girlfriend, Tess Truehart . Meanwhile, Big Boy coerces club owner Lips Manlis  into signing over the deed to Club Ritz. He then kills Lips with a cement overcoat and steals his girlfriend, the seductive and sultry singer, Breathless Mahoney ([[Madonna . After Lips is reported missing, Tracy interrogates his three hired guns Flattop, Itchy, and Mumbles , then goes to the club to arrest Big Boy for Lips' murder. Breathless is the only witness. Instead of providing testimony, she unsuccessfully attempts to seduce Tracy. Big Boy cannot be indicted and he is released from jail. Big Boy's next move is to try to bring other criminals, including Spud Spaldoni , Pruneface , Influence , Texie Garcia , Ribs Mocca , and Numbers , together under his leadership. Spaldoni refuses and meets an untimely demise upon exiting , leaving Dick Tracy, who discovered the meeting and was attempting to spy on it, wondering what is going on. Next day, Big Boy and his henchmen kidnap Tracy and attempt to bribe him; Tracy refuses, prompting the criminals to attempt to kill him by tying him next to a boiler rigged to explode. However Tracy is saved by Kid. Tracy tries again to get the testimony from Breathless he needs to put Big Boy away. She agrees to testify only if Tracy agrees to give in to her advances. He resists, despite his growing attraction. Tracy leads a seemingly unsuccessful raid on Club Ritz, but it's actually a diversion so officer ""Bug"" Bailey  can enter the building to operate a secretly installed listening device so the police can hear in on Big Boy's criminal activities. The resultant raids all but wipe out Big Boy's criminal empire. Unfortunately, Big Boy discovers Bug and captures him for a trap planned by Influence and Pruneface to kill Tracy in the warehouse. In the resulting gun battle, a figure with no face  steps out of the shadows to save Tracy after he is cornered and kills Pruneface. Influence escapes as Tracy rescues Bug from the same fate given to Lips Manlis, and Big Boy is enraged upon hearing that The Blank foiled the hit. Meanwhile, Breathless shows up at Tracy's apartment, once again in an attempt to seduce him. Tracy shows he is only human by allowing her to kiss him. Tess witnesses this and leaves town. She eventually has a change of heart, but before she can tell Tracy, she is kidnapped by The Blank, with the help of Big Boy's club piano player, 88 Keys . Tracy falls victim to another trap. He is drugged by The Blank and framed for the murder of corrupt District Attorney John Fletcher . Judge Harper  has Dick Tracy remanded with no bail. Big Boy is back in business, but he, too, is framed, in this case for Tess' kidnapping. Sprung from jail by his colleagues on New Year's Eve, Tracy sets out to save his true love. He arrives at a shootout outside Big Boy's club where all of Big Boy's men are gunned down by the police and Tracy himself. Abandoning his crew, Big Boy ties Tess to the mechanism of a drawbridge, but he is confronted by both the Blank and Tracy. Desperate to escape, he shoots the Blank. Enraged, Tracy punches Caprice and sends him falling to his death in the bridge gears. Beneath the faceless figure's mask, Tracy is shocked to find Breathless Mahoney, who kisses him and breathes her last breath. He then frees his girlfriend and his name is cleared from the murder of Fletcher. Later, in the middle of a marriage proposal to Tess, Tracy is interrupted by a robbery in progress, and takes off with the Kid, who now calls himself Dick Tracy, Jr."
15941.0	0.0	"In 1954 Baltimore, Wade ""Cry-Baby"" Walker is the leader of a gang of ""Drapes"", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona ""Hatchet Face"" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a ""square"", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the ""square"" part of town to a talent show  at the recreation center where Allison's grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes. Despite her grandmother's skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes . As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives , Allison's jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison's grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby's posture, manners, and musical talent. As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree : ""I've been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one's for Allison, and I want it to last forever!"". Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly-established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release . Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby's father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison. The film ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes."
5668.0	1.0	Axel  has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro , and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter , a transvestite who teaches straight men how gay men think. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert , whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert. Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance. She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened. Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert. But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he no longer finds Doro sexy. Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub. As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way. Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question.
21216.0	0.0	{{Plot}} The film begins with clips that track a telephone call between London and Geneva, where a university student and part-time model, Valentine Dusot , is talking to her emotionally infantile and possessive boyfriend. During her work as a model she poses for a chewing-gum campaign and during the photo shoot the photographer asks her to look very sad. While walking back home Auguste, a neighbour of Valentine's, drops a set of books and he notices that a particular chapter of the Criminal Code was open at random and he concentrates on that passage. While driving back to her apartment Valentine is distracted by adjusting the radio which is emitting a strange signal and she accidentally runs over a dog. She tracks down the owner, a reclusive retired judge, Joseph Kern . He seems unconcerned by the accident or the injuries sustained by Rita, his dog. Valentine takes Rita to a veterinarian, where she learns that Rita is pregnant. Valentine takes the dog home. Whilst walking Rita the next day the dog runs away and Valentine eventually finds the dog back at Kern's house. He gives the dog to Valentine. A short time later Valentine finds Kern eavesdropping on his neighbours' private telephone conversations . Valentine threatens to denounce Kern to his neighbours and initially goes to do so but then changes her mind. Kern tells Valentine that it shall make no difference that she denounces him for his spying, the people's lives he listens to shall eventually turn into hell. She leaves saying that she feels nothing but pity for him. Whilst visiting Kern, Valentine hears a telephone conversation between her neighbour, Auguste, and his girlfriend, Karin . They discuss if they should go bowling. Valentine covers her ears but from the very little she hears she concludes that they love each other. Kern disagrees. That evening Valentine is alone at home and hopes that her boyfriend will call but it is the photographer who calls, saying that her poster was set up that evening and asks her bowling to celebrate. Later Auguste takes his exam and passes it and becomes a judge. Karin asks him if he was asked any questions regarding the article that was open when he dropped his books. Auguste says yes. Karin gives him a fountain pen as a gift and he wonders what the first judgment he signs with it will be. That evening, Kern writes a series of letters to his neighbours and denounces himself, and the community files a class action. At the law courts, he sees Karin meeting another man. Earlier Auguste had missed a call from Karin and tried to call her back but never hears from her again. Valentine reads the news about a retired judge that spied on his neighbours and she goes to Kern telling him that she said nothing to anybody. He confesses that it was him just to see what she would do. He asks her in and shows her that Rita has had seven puppies. They discuss that on their last conversation she spoke about pity but he later realized that it was actually disgust. He wonders about the reasons why people obey laws and concludes that often it is more on selfish grounds and from fear than about obeying the law or being decent. It is his birthday and they have a couple of drinks. During their conversation he reminisces about a sailor he acquitted a long time ago, only later realizing he had made a mistake, and that the man was guilty. However the man later married and had children and later grandchildren and lives peacefully and happy. Valentine says that he did what he had to do, but Kern wonders how many other people that he acquitted or condemned might have seen a different life had he decided otherwise. Valentine tells Kern about her intended trip to England to visit her boyfriend. Kern suggests that she take the ferry. Auguste has been unable to reach Karin since graduation so he goes to her place and sees her having sex with another man. Distraught, he leaves. On another occasion, Auguste sees Karin and her new boyfriend in a restaurant, he gets her attention but when she rushes outside to try to explain he hides from her. In a temper, he ties his dog by a quayside and abandons it. Karin is employed to provide a personalised weather service by telephone. Kern calls this and enquires about the weather in the English Channel for when Valentine travels to England. Karin states that she expects the weather to be perfect and reveals that she is about to take a trip there . The day before Valentine leaves, she invites Kern to a fashion show where she is modeling. After the show they speak about the dream Kern had about her, where he saw her at the age of 40-50 years old and happy with an unidentified man. The conversation then turns to Kern and the reasons why he disliked Karin. Kern reveals that before becoming a judge, he was in love with a woman very much like Karin, who betrayed him for another man. While preparing for his exam, he once went to the same theatre where the fashion show took place and he accidentally dropped one of his books. When he picked it up, Kern studied the chapter where the book accidentally opened, which turned out to be the crucial question at his examination. When he broke up with his girlfriend he followed her across the English Channel but never saw her again, because she died in an accident. Later, he was assigned to judge a case where the defendant was the same man who took his girlfriend from him. Regardless of this connection, Kern did not recuse himself from the case, since the connection was only known to him, and condemned the man, the judgment was legal but he subsequently resigned his post. Valentine takes her ferry to England, and Auguste is also on the ferry, clutching the dog he had abandoned, although the two never quite meet each other. Suddenly a storm rises and sinks both the ferry and the boat with Karin and her boyfriend. Only seven survivors are pulled from the ferry: the main characters from the first two films of the trilogy, Julie and Olivier from Blue, Karol and Dominique from White, and Valentine and Auguste, who meet for the first time, as well as an English bartender named Stephen Killian. As with the other films, the film's final sequence shows a character crying - in this case, the judge - but the final image replicates the iconic chewing-gum poster of Valentine.
11723.0	1.0	"The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs , a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher . The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett , who are ""not right"" for the roles. Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne , best friend Chris , his mother Shirley , and his mostly absentee father Roman . The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success."
1495.0	1.0	"{{plot}} In 1964, Guy Patterson  is a jazz drummer who works at his family's Erie, Pennsylvania appliance store. Jimmy Mattingly  and Lenny Haise  ask Guy to sit in with their band at the annual Mercyhurst College talent show, because their regular drummer  has broken his arm. The group rehearses a ballad titled ""That Thing You Do"". Jimmy's girlfriend, Faye Dolan , is inspired by Guy's performance at rehearsal, and suggests that the group call themselves ""The Oneders"" . At the talent show, Guy launches into a faster tempo for ""That Thing You Do"" than in rehearsal and the audience goes wild for the song. Jimmy scolds Guy for playing ""too fast"", but Lenny heartily approves of the change. The Oneders win the $100 top prize and obtain their first paying gig at a local pizza parlor. With the help of Guy's Uncle Bob , they begin selling a single of ""That Thing You Do"", which attracts the attention of local manager Phil Horace ([[Chris Ellis . Horace signs them to bigger gigs and arranges local airplay of the single, increasing the band's appeal. At a Pittsburgh gig, record company A&R representative Mr. White  offers the band a development contract with Play-Tone Records. The boys sign the contract, and White changes their band name to ""The Wonders"" to avoid further confusion. The Wonders and ""costume mistress"" Faye tour state fairs across the Midwest during the summer with other Play-Tone artists, during which Guy and Faye grow closer. ""That Thing You Do"" enters and climbs the Billboard Top&nbsp;100. The Wonders go from being the opening act to the feature attraction, and throngs of teenage girls mob the band. When ""That Thing You Do"" enters the Top&nbsp;10, Play-Tone sends the band to Hollywood to meet Sol Siler , the label's founder. On the flight, Faye comes down with a mild case of flu and only Guy seems solicitous of her comfort. The Wonders appear in a low-budget beach movie. This and Siler's apparent disdain for the band disillusions Jimmy, whose lack of interest in anything that does not advance his recording career causes friction with White and with the other band members. The bass player, who had planned to join the Marines at the end of summer, leaves the band with a group of Marines he met at their hotel and never returns. White brings in an experienced studio bassist to join The Wonders for a live performance on a prestigious national television variety show. During the broadcast, the caption ""Careful girls, he's engaged!"" is superimposed beneath Jimmy's closeup.This is an homage to a similar incident involving John Lennon during The Beatles appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show Jimmy is visibly upset by this, and disrupts the Wonders' post-broadcast celebration by demanding to know who suggested that he and Faye are engaged. Jimmy tells Faye that he does not intend to marry her in front of the band, White, and Lenny's girlfriend. Faye ends their relationship. The others quickly exit, and Guy condemns Jimmy for his treatment of Faye. Lenny is absent from the next day's recording session. White prepares to find another studio musician to fill in, but Jimmy resists White's plan to cover songs from the Play-Tone catalog instead of Jimmy's original ballads. White explains that their Play-Tone contract specifies the content of the album: one original song per side, with the balance consisting of corporate-owned material, but the original songs must be ""snappy"", not ballads. Jimmy quits the band and storms out of the studio. White tells Guy that The Wonders are in breach of contract, a ""very common tale"" he has seen reenacted with countless bands. White reassures Guy, but tells him that The Wonders will have to vacate their hotel that afternoon. Guy is bolstered when his idol, jazz pianist Del Paxton , who overheard Guy's impromptu drum solo, suggests that they record a duet. Guy later tells Faye that Del thinks he has potential as a studio musician. Faye tells Guy she plans on returning to Erie, and Guy finally takes the opportunity to declare his feelings for her. Captions preceding the credits detail the subsequent lives of the band members. Guy and Faye marry, raise four children and start a music conservatory where Guy teaches jazz composition. Jimmy records three gold albums with a new band on the Play-Tone label and becomes a successful record producer. Lenny manages a casino in Laughlin, Nevada. The unnamed bass player  is awarded the Purple Heart for wounds sustained at Khe Sanh and becomes a building contractor."
22355.0	1.0	Four Boston street urchins adopt a young infant that they discovered in a wagon when they made their escape from the police. They named the baby girl Mary Rose. As they grow up together, the five eventually settle in Blue Belle, Montana. In Blue Belle, Mary Rose and her four brothers  have a free-range cattle farm by the name of Rose Hill near a lake. There, Mary Rose grows up and longs to find her real family, as well as learn about her true identity.
16644.0	1.0	"Inderjit ""Inder"" Bansal  is a very rich young man. Although his parents  want him to settle down, he goes to another city to do his MBA and stays with friends. During this time, he meets Pallavi Sinh  and they fall in love. She reciprocates his feelings, but trouble comes in the form of her tyrannical trio of brothers, who are over-protective of their little sister and take an irrational dislike to Inder. They show hostility towards Inder and conflicts arise within the households and the couple decides to elope, but afterward realize they miss their families. They decide to return home, relinquishing their feelings, but ultimately their families accept their love, and they are reunited."
15516.0	0.0	The First Emperor searches for the elixir of immortality, and he despatches 500 teenage boys and girls to help him accomplish this task. One of his soldiers, General Meng Tianfang falls in love with one of the despatched maiden by the name Dong'er. When their forbidden love is exposed, the girl reveals she has found the elusive elixir and secretly gives it to Meng. The emperor orders their execution and the soldier is sentenced to death by being encased alive in clay as a terracotta warrior, only to be reawakened in the 1930s when a struggling actress, Zhu Lili, the reincarnation of the girl who remembers nothing of her past life, accidentally stumbles upon the tomb of the First Emperor. The soldier struggles to adapt to a new era while the two are pursued by archeological looters and thugs.
1989.0	0.0	"Sabrina Fairchild  is the young daughter of the Larrabee family's chauffeur, Thomas ([[John Wood , and has been in love with David Larrabee  all her life. David is a playboy, constantly falling in love, yet he has never noticed Sabrina, much to her dismay. Sabrina travels to Paris for a fashion internship at Vogue  and returns as an attractive, sophisticated woman. David, after initially not recognizing her, is quickly drawn to her despite being newly engaged to Elizabeth Tyson , a doctor. David's workaholic older brother Linus  fears that David's imminent wedding to the very suitable Elizabeth might be endangered. If the wedding were to be canceled, so would a lucrative merger with the bride's family business, Tyson Electronics, run by her father Patrick . This could cost the Larrabee corporation, run by Linus and his mother Maude , in the neighborhood of a billion dollars. Linus tries to redirect Sabrina's affections to himself and it works. Sabrina falls in love with him, even though she quotes others as calling Linus ""the world's only living heart donor"" and someone who ""thinks that morals are paintings on walls and scruples are money in Russia."" In the process, Linus also falls in love with her. Unwilling to admit his feelings, Linus confesses his scheme to Sabrina at the last minute and sends her back to Paris. But he is induced to pursue her there by chiding from his mother and a newly aware David, who steps into his shoes at the Larrabee corporation."
23019.0	0.0	"The film's opening text establishes that King Arthur  of Camelot, victorious from his wars, has dedicated his reign to promoting justice and peace and now wishes to marry. However, Malagant , a Knight of the Round Table, desires the throne for himself and rebels. Later, Lancelot arrives in Camelot and successfully navigates an obstacle course on the prospect of a kiss from Guinevere, though he instead kisses her hand. He also wins an audience with her husband-to-be, Arthur. Impressed by Lancelot's courage and struck by his recklessness and freewheeling, Arthur shows him the Round Table which symbolizes a life of service and brotherhood. Guinevere is subsequently kidnapped by Malagant's followers and imprisoned in an oubliette. Lancelot poses as a messenger to Malagant only to escape with Guinevere and return her to Camelot. Once again, Lancelot tries to win her heart, but is unsuccessful. On the return journey, it is revealed that Lancelot was orphaned and rendered homeless after bandits attacked his village, and has been wandering ever since. Lancelot feels guilty about his feelings for the queen and in private announces his departure to her. She cannot bear the thought of him leaving and asks him for a kiss, which turns into a passionate embrace, just in time for the king to interrupt. Though Guinevere claims to love both Arthur and Lancelot – albeit in different ways – the two are charged with treason. The open trial in the great square of Camelot is interrupted by a surprise invasion by Malagant, ready to burn Camelot and kill Arthur if he does not swear fealty. Instead Arthur commands his subjects to fight, and Malagant's men shoot him with crossbows. A battle between Malagant's men and Camelot's soldiers and citizens ensues, and Lancelot and Malagant face off. Disarmed, Lancelot seizes Arthur's fallen sword and kills Malagant. The people of Camelot win the battle, but Arthur dies of his wounds. On his deathbed, he asks Lancelot to ""take care of her for me"" – referring to both Camelot and Guinevere. The film closes with a funeral raft carrying Arthur's body floating out to sea, which is set aflame."
26926.0	1.0	A psychological drama about love, longing, homosexual desire and psychological turmoil—i.e., the perils of puberty. Ito is a shy boy in the top class at secondary school. He feels attracted to his classmate and best friend Yoshida, who is not aware of Ito's intimate feelings. They spend much time with Kanbara, whose comic actions hide his sensitive nature. Aihara  is new at school and remains aloof with her cool attitude. No one knows that at her previous school she was raped and is now in therapy. Meanwhile Yoshida, who is currently involved with the insecure Shimizu, is interested in Aihara, the mysterious new girl. It is obvious that each teen is hiding behind a wall which they must break through during this tough process of maturation.
33974.0	0.0	"Howard Brackett  is a well-liked English literature teacher, living a quiet life in the fictional town of Greenleaf, Indiana, with his fiancée and fellow teacher Emily Montgomery , who recently lost 75 pounds. The town is filled with anticipation over the nomination of Cameron Drake , Howard's former student, in the Best Actor category at the Academy Awards for his portrayal of a gay soldier in To Serve and Protect. Cameron does indeed win the Best Actor award, and in his acceptance speech, thanks Howard, adding, ""…and he's gay."" Howard's family , friends , students , co-workers , and Emily are naturally shocked, but that is nothing compared to Howard's own reaction of disbelief and indignation, and he angrily tries to reassure those who know him that he is heterosexual. Reporters invade his hometown, harassing him for interviews following the awards night telecast, and Howard is placed under the scrutiny of his boss, Principal Tom Halliwell , who is uncomfortable with the attention being brought to the school. Although the other reporters leave after getting their story, one stays behind: on-camera entertainment reporter Peter Malloy , who wants to wait the week out so he can cover Howard's wedding to Emily. Howard continues to be harassed and dismayed by the changed attitudes of everyone around him, and decides that he must sleep with Emily in order to prove his heterosexuality. Howard tries, but cannot go through with it due to his conflicting emotions and Emily's concern for his well-being. Howard crosses paths with Peter, who reveals he's gay and, trying to provide a helpful ear, narrates his own experience in coming out to his family. Howard still insists that he is not gay, prompting Peter to kiss him. Although shocked, Howard reacts somewhat positively to the kiss, vindicating Peter's instinct all along on the matter. Howard's final measure to restore his heterosexuality is the use of a self-help audio cassette, although that fails as well. During the wedding ceremony, Emily recites her vow without hesitation, but when Howard is prompted by the minister, he instead says, ""I'm gay."" The wedding is off, and although Peter is proud of Howard, Howard is angry with himself for hurting Emily. Things take a turn for the worse when he is fired from the school because of his outing. Despite being fired, Howard attends the graduation ceremony to support his students. When one student  who got into college with Howard's hard work, learns that he was dismissed for being gay, he and his classmates proclaim themselves, one by one, to be gay as well, to show their support of Howard and to thumb their noses at the school board. Howard's family follows suit, as do his friends, and all the townsfolk assembled . Having learned of the ensuing media blitz while in Los Angeles, Cameron flies to his hometown, with his supermodel girlfriend , to support his former teacher and although Howard doesn't win 'Teacher Of The Year', Cameron presents him with his Oscar. The film ends with Howard's wedding-crazy mother finally getting a wedding - her own, when she and her husband decide to renew their vows. Howard, Peter and the rest of the townsfolk attend the reception, and among the crowd are Emily and Cameron, who appear to have begun a relationship. The film ends with everyone dancing to the Village People's song ""Macho Man""."
28041.0	0.0	Pooja Dharamchand  is the daughter of a rich Mumbai shipping tycoon, Seth Dharamchand . She is head-over-heels in love with movie star Deepak Kumar , but her father strongly disapproves of their courtship. One night, Pooja escapes from her father's yacht and hops onto a bus to Bangalore to be with Deepak, who is shooting there. Meanwhile, Seth Dharamchand, realizing his daughter has run away, dispatches private detectives to locate her. Aboard the bus, Pooja meets Raghu Jetley , a loud-mouth newspaperman, a man of values like straightforwardness and some sort of arrogance, who has just lost his job. He offers to help her in exchange for an exclusive story on her, which would revive his flagging career. Pooja is forced to agree to his demands, as he threatens to let her father know of her whereabouts should she not comply. After the bus breaks down, Raghu and Pooja go through various adventures together and find themselves falling more and more in love. Raghu desires to marry Pooja, but financially he is in no shape to do so. He simply wanted a story on her life and never wanted to win her heart. Pooja also falls for Raghu and she decides to go with him, but a misunderstanding leads her to believe that Raghu was just looking for a story and not her love. She calls it quits, returns home and agrees to marry Deepak. However, her father learns about Raghu when he comes to him to take back his money, spent by Raghu on Pooja on his way to Bangalore. He realises how Raghu has taken care of Pooja during the trip. Pooja misunderstands him and believes that he might have come for the reward announced by her rich father. At last her father tells Pooja that Raghu is the right man for her and that he has not come for the reward. On the wedding day she realises that Raghu really loves her and then runs away from the marriage mandap to Raghu.
9433.0	1.0	Do-gooder Deepak Rai  comes across a stolen purse that contains education certificates belonging to a woman named Aarthi. He mails them to her and they start a correspondence. Even though they have never seen each other, both feel an attraction. Aarthi's sister and brother-in-law Nirmal  are encouraging to a certain extent. While Nirmal would prefer that Aarthi marry Prem , his wife wants Aarthi to choose her own life partner. Aarthi starts out on her journey to locate and meet Deepak. But how is Aarthi to find someone, whom she has never seen, nor spoken to, nor know his whereabouts, in a big city like Delhi? And then there is Neha , who is Deepak's boss, but has some plans of her own for Deepak that do not involve Aarthi at all.
5148.0	0.0	Harry  is a seasoned CIA agent who is looking to forget his past and become his cover identity—a jazz club owner in Helsinki, Finland. Natasha  is a young, ambitious SVR agent who is looking to secure a future for herself amidst the chaos of the new Russian Republic and her floundering intelligence agency. Originally assigned to spy on Harry, Natasha has fallen in love with the object of her spying, and her assignment has led to a torrid love affair between the two. Like all couples, they are keeping secrets from each other—but in their case, the secrets have international implications. Harry's life with Natasha is disrupted when a young, over-zealous CIA agent, Dave , comes to Helsinki to intercept a videotape encoded with state secrets en route from New York. The videotape's hidden code is so sensitive that those who come in contact with the tape are soon killed. Dave is pursuing the unsuspecting courier, a manic ex-bond trader named Max , who is unaware of what he is carrying. Max took the job by chance, following his recent prison term for stock market fraud. Natasha sees the videotape as a possible ticket out of the SVR and into the United States and the American Dream. In fact, everyone involved except Harry is planning to exploit the encoded videotape. Harry's only plan is to prevent Natasha from getting herself killed—or worse, from leaving him for America.{{cite web}}
21499.0	1.0	Rahul  and Anu Verghese  are held by the police simultaneously on charges of creating a disturbance and running away, respectively. Rahul is angry with his dad for marrying a second time, while his first wife is still alive; Anu ran away from an oppressive girls' hostel run by Arnie Campbell . They meet again, and love happens. Rahul helps Anu be independent and seek a job. Anu is discovered by a talent agent to be a model, which she accepts. Rahul wants to marry Anu but first must establish himself. He does establish himself as a singer but is under the impression that Anu helped him with his career. His ego is hurt, and he is resentful towards her. Anu then decides to better her career for which she must re-locate to Paris. The film's villian, model director Mr. Padam Singh persuades Anu to accompany him to the airport but at the climax when Rahul comes to stop her from boarding the flight it is finally revealed that Anu has decided to stay behind to renew her relationship with Rahul .
8544.0	0.0	Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together.
3778.0	1.0	Gia Carangi  is a Philadelphia native who moves to New York City to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper . Gia's attitude and beauty help her rise quickly to the forefront of the modeling industry, but her persistent loneliness after the death of Wilhelmina drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine. She becomes entangled in a passionate affair with Linda , a make-up artist. Their love affair first starts when both pose nude and make love to each other after a photo shoot. However, after a while Linda begins to worry about Gia's drug use and gives her an ultimatum: Gia chooses the drugs. Failed attempts at reconciliation with Linda and with her mother, Kathleen , drive Gia to begin abusing heroin. Although she is eventually able to break her drug habit after much effort, she has already contracted HIV from a needle containing infected blood and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of 26.
31176.0	1.0	Nelly  is married to Jerôme , a man who has stopped working or searching for work. Nelly has a part-time job at a printing shop but she has fallen six months behind on the rent for the apartment in which she lives with her husband. Talking with Jacquelline at a coffee shop, she meets Pierre Arnaud, a wealthy, retired businessman. After determining Nelly is encumbered with debt, Arnaud spontaneously decides to give Nelly 30,000 francs as a gift. Nelly reluctantly accepts, pays off her overdue rent and moves out of the apartment. Nelly agrees to type up Arnaud's memoirs, but Arnaud insists this will not be to repay the money he already gave her, he will pay her for this work. Nelly thus learns more about Arnaud's life: he was a judge in a French colony, and later a businessman. Nelly has an affair with Arnaud's editor. Arnaud feels a little jealous.
3042.0	0.0	"Emily Hope  stages her own kidnapping to get the attention of her father. She puts herself into the trunk of her own car , tapes her legs and mouth, handcuffs her hands and calls the police so they can come ""rescue"" her. But then, unexpectedly, a car thief named Vincent Roche  steals the car with her in it. Suddenly, Emily finds herself actually kidnapped, only the kidnapper doesn’t know what to do with her. Christopher Walken shows up as Emily’s Uncle Ray, Jack Thompson as Emily’s father, and Harry Connick, Jr., as Greg, Vincent’s car-stealing partner."
27409.0	1.0	Irene, a housewife , becomes bored while her husband and son are absent on a weekend fishing trip. She becomes attracted to Billy , a man she met when he trimmed a tree in her neighborhood. She accidentally becomes trapped in his trailer which arrives at Lake Consequence hours later. Discovered by his bisexual girlfriend, Grace , and then Billy, they agree to drive her into town so she can catch a bus home. Chinese New Year is in full swing and she is seduced by Billy during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house. As Irene develops an erotic relationship with Billy, repressed images of her teenage experience return. Confronted by her own sexuality and her forgotten past, and jealous of Billy's attentions to Grace, Irene flees after starting a fire. However Billy chases her and drives her home, where her husband and child have yet to return. Feeling grief and self-loathing, Irene hesitates to return to her family. Billy lectures her on her responsibilities as wife, helps her to dress and disappears before they return that night.
11176.0	0.0	The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Makmahlbaf's experience as a teenager when, as a seventeen-year-old, he stabbed a policeman at a protest rally and was jailed. Two decades later, Makhmalbaf made the decision to track down the policeman whom he had injured in an attempt to make amends. A Moment of Innocence is a dramatization of that real event.
36805.0	0.0	"In Heaven , angels are tasked with ensuring that humans on Earth find love. The ""Captain"", Gabriel , is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O'Reilly  and Jackson , all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery. Gabriel is being pressed for results, so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case isn't ""cracked"" - meaning, if the pair in question do not fall, and stay, in love, O'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth forever, not appealing to them. They open their case file, and see what is in store for them... Celine Naville  is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman. When one of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott , proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only if he agrees to play ""William Tell"" with an apple on his head. As she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot's nerves fail and he moves to stop her, spoiling her aim and causing a non-fatal head wound. Robert Lewis  is a janitor employed in the basement of Celine's father's company. His dreams for writing a best-selling trash novel are shot down by his coworkers, he is told that he is being made redundant and replaced by a robot, by his manager. Whilst drowning his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily  tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor. O'Reilly and Jackson start their process by posing as collection agents repossessing all of Robert's things and evicting him from his apartment. Deciding this is the last straw, Robert storms to the high-rise office of Mr. Naville  while Naville is berating Celine for the William Tell fiasco. Security guards run in and start to beat Robert to a pulp, but Robert grabs one of their guns and holds them at bay . When Celine introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her. He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods. Soon, it becomes clear that Celine is the one in control: after easily slipping free after he has tied her up, she surprises him by sticking around. Robert comes to realize that she is so bored with her normal life, and hates her father so much, that she is staying with the adventure, and the chance to get back at Naville. Eventually, she proposes that they partner up to extort a huge ransom. O'Reilly and Jackson, now posing as bounty hunters, hire themselves to Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert. After Robert's first attempt to collect the ransom fails , he feels downcast, but Celine encourages him that he got away. Feeling cheered up, he takes her out to a rustic bar, where they pretend to be newlyweds, and sing ""Beyond the Sea"" on the karaoke machine. The next morning, Robert wakes up and is stunned to see that he and Celine have apparently slept together. Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine's blood. Naville gives O'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest. To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O'Reilly stops his getaway. Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love yet. O'Reilly responds, ""Jeopardy, Jackson. Always works."" While O'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him. Before he can, Celine decks O'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel. As Robert and Celine drive away, O'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along. As she points her gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a cliff, with the money still inside. Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with Jackson's pistol. The robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine. Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be operated on by Elliot . A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy sexual roleplaying game with Elliott. A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliott unconscious. As they drive away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott's request so he would help Robert - and, in any case, it's none of Robert's business, since he and Celine aren't ""involved,"" whatever he might think. Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away. To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert's handwriting and sends it to Celine. Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with the poem. O'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy... until Robert says that he's never written a poem in his life. Humiliated, Celine runs out again. But after she's gone, Robert's boss, Al , knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his life except the improbable love of ""an intelligent, passionate, beautiful, rich woman... so why are you even thinking about it?"" Robert runs after Celine, but is too late: O'Reilly and Jackson, believing they have failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom. Robert tracks Celine to their hideout, where she's being held, blind folded and gagged. Robert knocks O'Reilly down with a punch. As he struggles with Jackson, he tells Celine that he truly does love her. Just as O'Reilly and Jackson are about to give her up and celebrate their success, the door is kicked down by Naville's butler, Mayhew , who shoots the two angels in the head . Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drove Robert and the two angels' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide. In Heaven, Gabriel's secretary begs him to intervene, but he protests that he doesn't have the authority. Instead, he telephones God and asks Him to do so. God agrees, and Celine is released from the truck by their neighbor, Tod . Taking Tod's gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Throughout the film, Robert has had recurring dreams of having his life saved by being shot through the heart by an ""arrow of love."" Taking a leap of faith, Celine shoots Robert through the heart, and the bullet passes through without harming him, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder, crippling him. Seeing Robert survive an apparent gunshot wound to the heart drives Naville insane. After a whispered conference in Al's bar, Robert and Celine walk outside to their wedding. In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O'Reilly and Jackson from a pair of body bags. After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace as they prepare to return home. In a second epilogue , Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money from the crashed car in the woods, then settle down in their new castle in Scotland."
5571.0	0.0	Barney Snow  wakes up in a hospital with no memory of why he is there. All he has is his name and some vague recollections of a car crash. He assumes that he is in the hospital for his amnesia and settles in to try to recover. He quickly realizes that all of the other residents of the youth clinic are all suffering from terminal illnesses. Another patient, Mazzo , asks Barney to play host for his visiting twin sister Cassie . Barney immediately falls for Cassie and strives to get better, if only to be able to see her in a setting outside the hospital. He is determined to learn about his past so that he can make her a part of his future. In his explorations, both inside his shattered memories and through the physical rooms of the hospital, Barney starts to realize that there was no car crash. Doctor Harriman  induced amnesia in Barney to make him forget everything in his past. Barney demands to know why, and Harriman tells him he has cancer. The experimental procedure that Barney is undergoing is attempting to test the power of the mind in fighting cancer. Barney had volunteered for the treatment, hoping for a miracle cure. The theory was that if Barney didn’t know he had cancer, the body might stop creating the cancer cells. The explanation Harriman gives comes from an old urban legend that, based on weight ratios to wing power and wind resistance, the bumblebees should be aerodynamically incapable of flight — yet, the theory says, the bumblebee doesn’t know that, so it flies anyway. Torn between his hope for a cure and his desire to continue his budding relationship with Cassie, Barney is forced to choose whether to go through the amnesia procedure again or remain with the memories and knowledge he has thus far acquired.
38061.0	0.0	Gordon Comstock , is a successful copywriter at a flourishing advertising firm in 1930s London. His girlfriend and co-worker, Rosemary , fears he may never settle down with her when he suddenly disavows his money-based lifestyle and quits his job for the artistic satisfaction of writing poetry.
15670.0	0.0	"The film begins with a scene set in Brooklyn, New York in 1969. A group of four boys walk up to Bleek Gilliam's brownstone and ask him to come out and play baseball with them. Bleek's mother insists that he continue his trumpet lesson, to his chagrin. His father becomes concerned that Bleek will grow up to be a sissy, and a family argument ensues. In the end, Bleek continues playing his trumpet, and his friends go away. The next scene brings us to the present , with an adult Bleek  performing on the trumpet at a busy nightclub with his jazz band, The Bleek Quintet . Giant , is waiting in the wings, and advises him to stop allowing his saxophone player Shadow Henderson  to grandstand with long solos. The next morning Bleek wakes up with his girlfriend, Indigo Downes . She leaves to go to class, while he meets his father by the Brooklyn Bridge for a game of catch, telling him that while he does like Indigo, he likes other women too and is not ready to make a commitment. Later in the day while he is practicing his trumpet, another woman named Clarke Bentancourt  visits him. She suggests he fire Giant as his manager; he suggests that they make love . She bites his lip and he becomes upset about it, saying, ""I make my living with my lips"", as he examines the bleeding bottom lip. Giant is with his bookie, betting on baseball. Then he goes to the nightclub and argues with the doormen about what time to let the patrons into the club. He meets Bleek inside with the rest of the band, except for the pianist, Left Hand Lacey , who arrives late with his French girlfriend and is scolded by Giant. Later Giant goes to the club owners’ office, points out how busy the club has been since Bleek and his band began playing there, and unsuccessfully attempts to renegotiate their contract. Giant meets his bookie  the next morning, who is concerned that Giant is going too deep into debt. Giant shrugs it off, and places several new bets. He then stops off at Shadow's home to drop off a record. Shadow confides in him that he is cheating on his girlfriend. This leads to the next scene where Bleek is in bed with Clarke, and she asks him to let her sing a number at the club with his band, to which he declines. Bleek and Giant are fending off requests from the other members of the band, especially Shadow, for a raise due to the band's success at the club. Bleek goes to the club owners to see about more money, which they refuse, reminding him that it was Giant who locked him into the current deal. That night at the club, both Clarke and Indigo arrive at the club to see Bleek. They are wearing the same style dress, which Bleek had purchased for them both. Bleek attempts to work it out with each girl, but they are both upset with him over the dresses, and though he sleeps with them each again they leave him . However, tension rises with Shadow, who has feelings for Clarke. Bleek and Giant go for a bike ride, where Bleek insists to Giant that he do a better job managing and bringing in money. Giant promises to do so, then asks Bleek for a loan to pay off his gambling debt. Bleek declines, and later Giant is apprehended by two loan sharks  who demand payment. Giant can’t pay and gets his fingers broken. Later Giant tells Bleek that he fell off his bike on the ride home, but Bleek does not believe him. Giant asks the other band members for money and Left loans him five hundred dollars. When loan sharks stake out Giant's home, he goes to Bleek for a place to stay. Bleek agrees to help him raise the money, but fires him as manager. Bleek misses both his girlfriends, leaving messages for each, but Clarke has begun a new relationship with Shadow. Bleek finds out about it, and fires Shadow. The loan sharks track Giant down at the club before Bleek can come up with the money, take him outside and beat him while Bleek plays. Bleek goes outside to intervene, and gets beaten as well. Additionally, one loan shark  takes Bleek's own trumpet, and smacks him across the face with it. This not only puts Bleek in the hospital, but it also permanently injures his lip, making him unable to continue playing trumpet. Months later, Bleek reunites with Giant, who has gotten a job as a doorman and stopped gambling. He drops into see Shadow and Clarke, who are now performing together with the rest of Bleek's former band. Shadow invites him on stage, and they play together. Bleek still has scars to his lips, and is unable to play correctly. He walks off the stage, gives his trumpet to Giant, and goes directly to Indigo's house. She is angry with him because she hasn’t heard from him in over a year. She tries to reject him, but agrees to take him back when he begs her to save his life. A montage flashes through their wedding, the birth of their son, Miles, and Bleek teaching his son to play the trumpet. In the final scene of the movie, Miles is ten years old, and wants to go outside to play with his friends. Indigo wants him to finish practicing his trumpet lessons. However, unlike the  opening scene in the beginning of the film, Bleek relents and allows his son to leave and play with friends. This final scene uses exactly the same dialogue as the first, with changes only in the delivery of the dialogue leading to an alternate conclusion."
20711.0	0.0	The story is set in the world of feudal landlords - Zamindars - whose word is law for the villagers who work on their land. The central plot goes like this: After the zamindar brothers who rule after the death of their parents are told by a holy man that their sister will bring disgrace on them by her marriage, they set out to shield her from even being seen by men, let alone touched by any of them. A village simpleton is employed as her bodyguard. But when he saves her life, she falls in love and gets him to tie a necklace around her neck. What he doesn't realize is that it is a wedding chain  and that in the eyes of God they are now married. The brothers react with violence when they realize what has happened...
80.0	0.0	Matko Destanov, a small-time Roma smuggler and profiteer, is living with his teenage son Zare in a ramshackle house by the Danube River in eastern Serbia near the Bulgarian border. He has plans to acquire a whole train of smuggled fuel, which he finds at cut-price. To obtain a loan that would subsidize the heist, he visits Grga Pitić, a wheelchair-using old gangster, who's an old friend of Zarije Destanov, Matko's father and Zare's grandfather. Matko then plots the details of the job with an ally named Dadan, a rich, fun-living, drug-snorting gangster who has a harem, juggles grenades, and cheats at gambling. However, Dadan double-crosses him and glitches up the deal by giving Matko a drink that is drugged, and carrying out the job while Matko is unconscious, which means that Matko owes Dadan a great deal of cash. Matko cannot afford to pay, so Dadan makes a deal whereby he would forgive the debt, thereby wiping the slate clean, if Zare and Afrodita, Dadan's midget sister whom he desperately wants to marry off, get married. However, Zare is in love with Ida, a barmaid who works in an establishment run by her Roma grandmother Sujka, and Afrodita is waiting for the man of her dreams. Dadan coerces Afrodita into marrying by dunking her in a well, while Zare first learns of the scheme to marry him off from Ida, who has overheard Dadan and Matko plotting it in the restaurant where she works. Meanwhile, Zare retrieves Zarije from the hospital where he is being kept, with the aid of a gypsy band. Grga Pitić is having problems of his own, as he wants his grandsons, including six-foot plus giant Grga Veliki, to get married. The two reluctantly endure the wedding ceremony held at Matko's house, which Dadan refuses to postpone after the sudden apparent death of Zarije. They were not supposed to have a wedding while in mourning, but Dadan decides to delay the death announcement, so Matko and Zare hide Zarije's body in the attic, packed in ice. Zare is dismayed, since he wants to leave the place, and had hoped that the required mourning period for his beloved grandfather would give him the opportunity to get away, and thus avoid being married off against his will. Ida and Sujka provide the catering for the wedding, and Ida is upset at seeing her beloved married off to someone else. By contrast, Dadan is really enjoying himself, whether dancing to gypsy band music, bouncing on the bed with his harem, and juggling grenades. However, the bride runs away mid-ceremony, pursued by Dadan, Matko and Dadan's criminal cronies. Meanwhile, Grga Veliki is driving his father and brother to Matko's house so that they may visit Zarije's grave . The fleeing bride then stumbles across Grga Veliki, and he stops the truck when he sees her crossing the road; he is willing to protect her from her villainous brother, and the couple fall instantly in love. Grga Pitić arrives on the scene, after his wheelchair had fallen out the back of the truck and rolled downhill, and he is delighted that Grga Veliki has found his mate. The old gangster forces Dadan, who had once worked for him, to accept the match. The groom meanwhile conspires with Sujka and Ida to bring Dadan down a peg, and rigs the outhouse so that the seat will come apart. While the preparations for the wedding ceremony of Afrodita and Grga Veliki are being conducted, Matko and Dadan pass the time by playing dice, with Dadan cheating. Sujka comes in during the game, and serves the unsuspecting Dadan a drink spiked with something that would give him diarrhea. Furthermore, Grga Pitić apparently dies, and Dadan and Matko hide his body in the attic, where Zarije's body is also hidden. However, the two corpses soon both come back to life; they were not dead after all. They are surprised to find themselves together, as they had not seen each other for 25 years and each had thought the other was dead. During the ceremony, Dadan starts to feel uncomfortable and rushes into the outhouse ... and falls into the manure. His harem and cronies desert him, and as he tries to clean himself off on a goose, only Matko remains loyal, and he provides Dadan with a shower from the garden hose. Zare meanwhile grabs the wedding official at gunpoint and orders him to solemnize his marriage with his sweetheart, Ida, and the two sail off together on a riverboat set for Bulgaria with a fistful of cash stashed in his grandfather's accordion, the blessing of their respective grandparents and, as witnesses, a black cat and a white cat.
27580.0	1.0	Hamsaveni  after channelling the voice of the Goddess in childhood, is treated as such by her grateful village after water is found after a drought. Her elder brother Vallatharai ([[Vijayakumar  exploits his young sister's powers to make himself rich. When Hamsaveni falls in love with misunderstood drunk-with-heart-of-gold Thambi Durai , Vallatharai is unhappy with her decision, due to the difference in status between the two and, more importantly, he can see his money supply running out. So Vallatharai tries to put Thambi Durai off in various ways from marrying his sister.
27754.0	1.0	"The plot essentially involves a love story between Ganesha, alias Y. G. Rao, and Adilakshmi, alias Shruti, who initially do not know the true identity of each other. Ganesha lives in the Vatara  owned by Ramanamurthy. Shastri, known for his love of beer, is his roommate. Ramanamurthy maintains a traditional Hindu middle class household. His elder daughter has eloped with a lover and he does not approve of this. Eventually, he gets her to hold a traditional wedding, even though she has been married already in a civil marriage and has two children, to accept her back as a daughter. In order to prevent a similar fate for his younger daughter, Adilakshmi, he wants to find a match for her to perform an arranged marriage. His friend, Govinda , in the meanwhile, arrives in Bangalore from Mysore, with his cricket-crazy wife . Govinda and Ramanamurthy find out that both their children would make a good match for each other and decide to hold an engagement for them. In the meanwhile, Ganesha falls in love with the singer Shruti, whose singing he hears on the national radio, although he has never met her. He writes letters expressing his admiration and love, using the ""more modern"" pen-name of Y. G. Rao , to All India Radio where Shruti, alias Adilakshmi, reads them and falls in love with Y. G. Rao. But as long as they actually meet each other in the Vatara, they express a feeling of mutual animosity.Ganeshana Maduve scene on Youtube.com As soon as they hear that their engagement has been fixed, they try to get out of this by various means, all devised by Shastri. Both of them succeed in doing so and the friendship between Ramanamurthy and Govinda is strained as a result. But eventually, Ganesha and Adilakshmi discover that they are actually Y. G. Rao and Shruti respectively and fall in love and decide to get married. Ramanamurthy, in the meanwhile, tries to fix Adilakshmi's wedding to Parameshi, a film director. But she convinces her father that Parameshi has AIDS with the help of Ganesha and a fake doctor and the engagement is cancelled. So, in the final scene they explain their love to both their parents, convince them by some situational means and get married. Shastri is also married to Abhilasha, who initially had the hots for Ganesha."
5565.0	0.0	{{Plot}} The film begins in Alexandria with Cleopatra VII, Egypt's rightful Queen, in exile, while her sister Arsinoe and younger brother, Ptolemy have stolen the throne. Roman soldier Julius Caesar comes to collect Egypt's tax debt and take it with him. After conversing with a courtesan, Cleopatra smuggles herself into the palace wrapped in a carpet; a gift from her to Caesar. He accepts the gift and the twenty-year-old queen is revealed to the 52-year-old man. The two spend the night together, and the next morning, Cleopatra and twelve-year-old Ptolemy are betrothed to marry by Caesar. Shortly after the siblings are wed, Cleopatra is proclaimed Queen of Egypt, forcing Ptolemy to join forces with Arsinoe and drive their sister out of Alexandria. A war breaks out between the Romans and Ptolemy's Egyptian forces, and in the process, Alexandria's great library is burned to the ground. Even with this loss, Cleopatra soon celebrates the return of her Roman lover, and the capture of her traitor sister, Arsinoe. The two take a 2-month journey down the Nile aboard one of the Queen's elegant ships. Upon their return, Caesar breaks the news that he must leave for Rome. Unbeknownst to him, Caesar leaves Cleopatra pregnant with his child. A son is born to the queen roughly nine months later; he is named Ptolemy Caesar, in honor of his father. Back in Rome, believing that he should hold the same status as his Egyptian lover, Caesar demands he be declared King of Rome. Although they are hesitant to do so, the senate eventually grants Caesar's request. Now having been declared king, Caesar invites Cleopatra to stay at one of his villas, just outside Rome. With her, she brings the couple's infant son, whom the Egyptian people call 'Caesarion', meaning 'Little Caesar'. In front of his people , Cleopatra declares that Caesar is her son's father, publicly forcing his hand, and demanding that her son be allowed to rule both Egypt and Rome invoking the consternation of Brutus and Cassius. Although he accepts Caesarion as his child, Caesar denies the queen's request, explaining that Egypt is only free from Rome because he wishes it to be. Just before her return to Egypt, Cleopatra soon learns that Caesar has been assassinated at the hands of Brutus, Cassius and other senators. The burdens of ruling fall on the shoulders of Caesar's Roman heir and grandnephew, Octavian; a teenage boy who hates Cleopatra. With his ascendancy, Octavian has Brutus killed while Cassius kills himself. Octavian also plans to rid himself of his rival, Cleopatra's baby boy, Caesarion, who, as Caesar's only child, threatens his reign. Renaming himself Caesar Augustus, Octavian sends soldiers to Egypt to find and kill Caesar's son. In the meantime, Caesar's boyhood friend and cousin, Marc Antony is sent to Alexandria to protect Caesarion and Queen Cleopatra. In spending time with together, Antony and Cleopatra fall in love. Although they wish to marry, Antony reveals that he wed Octavian's sister, the submissive Octavia, in order to strengthen his alliance and co-ruling with the new emperor. Defying his Roman beliefs against polygamy, Antony marries Cleopatra in Antioch, claiming that her son, Caesarion, is heir to not only Egypt, but also Rome. Upon hearing of Antony's claim, Octavian wages war against the two lovers, trapping Cleopatra in her own city. Threatening suicide if Octavian does not let her son go, Cleopatra learns that she has lost Antony, killed in battle against Octavian's army. Octavian arrives in Egypt, demanding that Cleopatra join him in Rome as his prisoner. She refuses and demands that her son be allowed to rule Egypt. Octavian does not agree to this, but allows Antony to have an Egyptian burial. After sending her children to India, Cleopatra's plan goes through, as she has a basket of figs brought to her heavily guarded tomb. There, she lets the asp bite her, and dies shortly after. Her handmaidens quickly follow their queen's example. Octavian's men break through the doors, only to discover that the queen is dead. After they discover that Cleopatra is dead, Octavian then takes over Egypt about two years later after Cleopatra death.
10117.0	0.0	"There are two classes of people; Long Ears and Short Ears. Long Ears, marked by large wooden plugs in their ear lobes and a certain tattoo, are the ruling class. The working-class Short ears have no ear plugs and a different tattoo. Young men from each Long Ear tribe compete in the annual Birdman Competition. The winner’s tribe gets to rule the island for a year. Ariki-mau has been the Birdman  for 20 years. He has a conviction that one day the gods would arrive in a great white canoe and take him to heaven. His advisor tells him to build more and bigger moai statues to curry favor with the gods and encourage them to come sooner. Ariki-mau petulantly rejects the latest statue – which stands over 20 feet tall – as too small. The Short Ear workers are forced to build an even bigger statue in an impossibly short amount of time. The king’s advisor ruthlessly enforces the rules and status quo by publicly killing a Short Ear fisherman who had accidentally caught a taboo fish. Long-Ear Noro  and Ramana, a Short Ear girl, are both rejects in their tribes – her father was banished for building an unlucky canoe. Noro’s father stole a canoe and sailed away and is accused of abandoning the tribe. They have a secret relationship and have fallen in love. Ariki-mau tells Noro that he has to compete in the Birdman Competition so Ariki-mau can continue to rule the island. Noro asks if he can marry Ramana if he wins the Birdman Competition. The king reluctantly agrees. The king’s advisor claims that Ramana's skin is too dark, and that she should be purified by spending the time from now until the Birdman Competition  in the ""Virgin’s Cave"". He checks her virginity and snidely remarks to Noro, who is watching Ramana being lowered to the cave, that she isn’t right for the Virgin’s Cave and that it will be their little secret. Ramana takes one last look at the sunset and goes into the cave. Noro approaches Ramana’s banished father, a canoe maker, and asks him to help him train for the Birdman competition. He initially refuses because it is Noro’s fault that his daughter is confined to a cave, but later relents and trains Noro. While training Noro he explains that he and Noro's father were great friends once and that he actually gave the canoe to Noro's father. He further explains that Noro's father sailed away after discovering a piece of a shipwrecked Spanish Galleon, thus breaking the long held belief that Rapa Nui is the only land left with people on the Earth. Meanwhile, the Short Ears are beginning to starve because the king insists on them working on the new statue instead of growing food but continues taking the full quota of their remaining food for the Long Ears. The resources of the island are being rapidly used up and depleted , due to the extensive Moai construction and overpopulation. Noro is the only person worried about the resource depletion, but his concerns are dismissed by the increasingly senile Ariki-mau. Noro sneaks some food to his short ear friend Make  and shares his plans to marry Ramana. Make reacts badly and Noro realizes that Make loves her too. Make declares that they are no longer friends and runs off. Separately, both Noro and Make visit Ramana at her cave, bringing her food and talking to her through the barrier at the mouth of the cave. They both declare their love to her. She always responds, but she sounds rather despondent. After a supply shortage results in the death of one of the Short Ears  the Short Ears demand that they get half of the wood, food and other materials and that they are allowed to compete in the Birdman Competition. The King's Advisor initially refuses and orders their death however the King gives in to their demands after realizing that if the Short Ears die no one will build the Moai. The King however only allows them to compete after the Moai has been completed and he makes the condition that if the Short Ear competitor loses then he will be sacrificed. Despite these conditions Make accepts the position of the Birdman Competitor on the condition he marries Ramana if he wins. The King agrees and Make spends all his time working and training, leaving no time for sleep or other recreational activities. Meanwhile, work on the great Moai has become so important that the Short Ears even sacrifice their food to complete it. Finally it is the Birdman Competition. Nine competitors must swim out to a close-by islet surrounded by pounding surf, climb the cliffs to get an egg from the nest of a sooty tern and bring it back. The first to return wins for his tribe. Noro barely wins and Ariki-mau gets to be the island's ruler for another year. Ramana is brought from the cave, pale from her long underground stay and very pregnant. Before anything is decided about the fate of Ramana or Make, an iceberg is spotted off the coast. Ariki-mau believes that the iceberg is the great white canoe sent to take him to the gods and goes out to it with some of his followers. After the iceberg has carried Ariki-mau away, the advisor attempts to seize control of the island, but Make kills him and the Short Ears stage a rebellion, slaughtering and even cannibalistically eating the remains of the Long Ears. Noro alone survives, as Make allows him to live, and Noro, Ramana and their baby escape the island in a canoe Ramana’s father built. An after-movie credit states that archaeological evidence proves that Pitcairn Island was settled some 1,500 miles away, providing hope that Noro, Ramana and their daughter made it to a new land."
35490.0	0.0	Zhuo Yihang was raised by Taoist Ziyang of the Wudang Sect and groomed to become a young chivalrous swordsman. He is placed in command of a coalition army formed by the eight major martial arts sects, which aims to prevent an evil cult from infiltrating China. During a battle against the cult, Zhuo Yihang meets a young woman called Lian Nichang and falls in love with her. She was an orphan, and was raised by wolves as an infant before being adopted by Ji Wushuang, the Siamese twins who lead the cult. After consummating their romance, Lian Nichang decides to leave the cult and follow Zhuo Yihang in pursuit of an ordinary life away from the jianghu . Lian Nichang succeeds in leaving the cult after suffering great pains. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang returns to Wudang and is horrified to see that his fellows have been murdered. The coalition believes that Lian Nichang is responsible and attack her when she arrives to meet Zhuo Yihang. Zhuo Yihang is forced to turn against Lian Nichang, and she morphs into a vicious white-haired killer after feeling that Zhuo had betrayed her love. In anger, Lian Nichang kills all the coalition members present. Suddenly, Ji Wushuang appears and reveals that he/she is actually the one who killed the Wudang people. Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang combine efforts to defeat and kill Ji Wushuang. However, even after the victory, Lian Nichang vows never to forgive Zhuo Yihang for betraying her and walks away with Zhuo looking on helplessly.
17865.0	1.0	"The film deals with the mid-life crises of its two main protagonists, Mark  and Robert , fictionalized versions of the film's director and producer/writer. The two friends struggle with adult career and relationship problems, all the while defiantly clinging to the geeky science fiction pop culture of their youth and seeking advice from their greatest hero, William Shatner. Shatner plays a campy caricature of himself as he works on a one-man musical version of Julius Caesar in hopes of finally being taken seriously as a dramatist and musical performer. Hip-hop artist ""The Rated R"", joined by Shatner, provides the concluding musical number ""No Tears for Caesar"", a pastiche of famous lines from the play set to a rap rhythm. The film's score was produced by Scott Spock."
10526.0	1.0	This film tells the story of a semi-retired and widowed Chinese master chef at the Taipei Grand Hotel. Chef Chu  and his family are living in modern day Taipei, Taiwan. At the start of the film, he lives with his three attractive daughters, all of whom are unattached. The three daughters are: * Jia-Jen, the oldest one , a school teacher nursing a broken heart * Jia-Chien, the middle one , a career woman * Jia-Ning, the youngest one , a twenty year old As the film progresses, each daughter encounters new men. When these new relationships blossom, their roles are broken and the living situation within the family changes. The father eventually brings the greatest surprise to the audience at the end of the story.
34289.0	0.0	Rachel Marron  is an Oscar-nominated music and movie superstar who is being stalked and sent death threats. Frank Farmer  is a former Secret Service Special Agent who served as part of the presidential protection detail during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Frank is haunted by the fact that he was not there when Reagan was shot because he was off duty at the time. He is now a highly successful private and professional bodyguard who protects corporate VIPs. He is hired by Rachel's manager, Bill Devaney , to protect her after she receives a number of threats against her life and a small bomb detonates in her dressing room.The Bodyguard, IMDB.com The film follows Rachel's singing career and family life. Frank is unsure about accepting the job because he sees Rachel as a spoiled diva who is oblivious to the threats against her life. Rachel's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room secret from her. At first, Rachel looks upon Frank as paranoid and his protection techniques intrusive. Rachel's existing bodyguard Tony ([[Mike Starr  resents Frank's presence. But at a concert where Rachel is performing there is a riot and Frank successfully protects her from danger; as a result of his protection, Rachel falls in love with Frank. He initially tries to keep the relationship professional, but the two sleep together. However, recognizing that their relationship may compromise his protection of her, Frank breaks off their affair. Hurt, Rachel begins to push Frank's buttons by violating their security routines and attempting to sleep with his former Secret Service co-worker, Greg Portman . After she has personal contact with her stalker via a creepy phone call, Rachel realizes that she must put her trust in Frank ahead of her own desire for success. She finally recognizes the seriousness of the situation and cancels the rest of her tour. Frank, Rachel, Rachel's driver Henry , Rachel's son Fletcher , and her sister Nikki  then travel to Frank's father's home, which is a large log cabin in the mountains by a lake. Frank's dad, Herb Farmer  is a semi-retired attorney who welcomes the group to his home. At the mountain retreat, Nikki attempts to seduce Frank, and becomes angry when her advances are refused. Fletcher is almost killed the next day, when a bomb explodes inside the boat he had been riding in moments before. After finding footprints around the cabin, and finding the automobiles sabotaged, they realize Rachel's stalker has followed them. They lock down the house for the night, with plans to leave in the morning. It is then revealed that Rachel's obsessive stalker and the person trying to kill her are not the same person, when an upset and drunken Nikki admits that in a drug-induced jealous fit she hired a hitman to kill Rachel, but that the letters from the stalker came before that. After Fletcher was almost killed, Nikki realized the hitman she hired would kill anyone to get to his target, including her beloved nephew. However, she cannot call it off because she does not know the killer's identity. The hitman breaks into the house, Nikki tries to stop him, and he shoots and kills her before escaping. Frank ensures that his father, who is armed with a large caliber revolver, has secured the rest of the group on the second floor, then pursues the killer into the woods. Frank shoots at the hitman, but the hitman escapes through the dark woods. Frank learns the next day, from his Secret Service colleagues, that they have apprehended the stalker and were interviewing him when Nikki was shot. A few days later, after Nikki's funeral, Rachel attends the 67th annual Academy Awards, where she is nominated as best actress. As Rachel is accepting the award for Best Actress, the assassin attempts to murder her again with a gun hidden inside a video camera. Frank jumps in front of her to save her life, and is shot himself. Before losing consciousness, Frank fires a shot through the camera lens, penetrating the eye of the hitman, who is revealed to be Greg Portman. During the ensuing melee, Portman gouges out Tony's eye, but both he and Frank survive their injuries. Frank sees Rachel off at the airport. His arm is in a sling. Frank has arranged for another protection detail to augment Tony, who is back on the job wearing a black eye patch. Frank's duty having been fulfilled by successfully protecting Rachel, they part with a kiss. Frank then moves on to his next assignment.The Bodyguard script at IMSDb.com
36698.0	0.0	Sister Elizabeth, the mother superior of a medieval convent, has visions of Mary Magdalene and a skeletal dead nun. Father Henry, the abbot, and his servant Richard are summoned by the convent's abbess to help with the hysteria spreading among the order. Elizabeth recounts the confessions and fantasies of the nuns, flagellating herself and becoming excited as she does so: Sister Sarah masturbates; Sisters Mary and Helena flagellate one another and then have sex. Sister Catherine is violated by Fathers James and Peter. Finally, Sisters Jane, Teresa and Helen engage in three-way sex and violate Sister Ann after tying her to a cross. Elizabeth writhes violently in her cell and, as she dies, is tormented by visions of a crucified woman and Christ's beating Sacred Heart. Mother Elizabeth and an  demonic Mary Magdalene  debate desire and chastity within what seems to be a heavenly antechamber. Mary remarks to Elizabeth that, as her convent is full of repressed female desire, the Mother Superior too is enveloped within this voluptuous fold. Elizabeth details four fantasy vignettes. These are interspersed with conversations between the convent's former abbess, a priest, Abbess Elizabeth, an odd dead zombie nun and an actress Eileen Daly playing the spirit of Catechism.. The sex scenes conform to standard pornographic sequencing. They each start simply and culminate in erotic release at the end. There are scenes of the full lesbian sexual gamut, which extends from episodes of individual nuns' self-stimulation to non-monogamous lesbian sex to a final nun-centered crucifix-bondage scene, with copious use of the whip and the rope.
10780.0	1.0	Adele August  is an eccentric woman who, with her reluctant daughter Ann , leaves a small Wisconsin town and moves to Beverly Hills to realize her dreams. She may not know what those dreams are herself. Adele is confused and always tries to deal with matters the easy way. She buys things she can't afford and her more practical daughter is upset when she does this. When living in Beverly Hills, Adele improvises from day to day, often unable to pay the bills. She wants her daughter to become an actress, but Ann is much more interested in going away to Brown University. After Adele fails in many respects, she accepts her daughter's plans and decides to help her.
36692.0	1.0	Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star. After arriving in Music City after a long bus ride, Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Cafe, a local watering hole with a reputation as a showcase for new talent. The bar's owner, Lucy, takes a shine to the plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress. Before long, Miranda has gotten to know a number of other Nashville transplants who are looking to land a gig or sell a song, including sweet and open-hearted Kyle Davidson, moody but talented James Wright, and spunky Linda Lue Linden. As the four friends struggle to find their place in the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James in spite of his moody temperament. Miranda pursues James, and they end up getting married, but they soon realize marriage takes work. James leaves Miranda behind to make his album, what he always wanted to do, but realizes he left his heart with her. The film has an open ending, but we are led to believe she stays with James.
482.0	0.0	Prince  is a race car driver and the son of industrialist Bharathan Menon. He and his friend Vettikkal Sadashivan  try to kidnap a girl because her lover wants to free her from her father's house arrest. But, by mistake, they kidnap another girl named Anju. The ladies' hostel matron does not allow her to continue her stay there after she vanishes at night. This girl becomes difficult for Prince and Sadasivan to handle. Vettikkal sees a picture of a girl in newspaper who is dead and who looks like Anju. The news reporter and his wife reveal that Anju is the daughter of Major Devan Nambiar and that the dead girl was her twin sister, Manju. Two years ago, Manju was raped by a few guys taker her father as a hostage. After that, she killed herself in front of her father. Later, Major Devan Nambiar killed her daughter's rapists and he was sentenced to death by the court. Anju plans to commit suicide at the same time her father is executed and Prince tries to save her.
27671.0	1.0	Andy, is a writer for newspaper classifieds who has been bouncing from relationship to relationship since eighth grade. Throughout the film, he loses custody of his dog when his girlfriend, Cheryl, breaks up with him for another man. Andy then meets Lorna, a children's TV show host, but she is too obsessed with her own dog to commit to a relationship with Andy. She's also still hurt emotionally because her boyfriend Trevor, left her for Andy's ex, Cheryl. Andy also has a fling with another woman, Keiran. Meanwhile, Cheryl takes Andy's dog to a psychiatrist, who tells her that her promiscuity is traumatizing the dog. While both Andy and Cheryl do their best to share custody, problems arise as Cheryl and Trevor break up and she tries to win Andy back unsuccessfully. Keiran figures out Jeri's boyfriend Jeff is having an affair. Both Andy and Lorna have feelings for each other, but aren't sure how to follow through with it.
18971.0	0.0	"Comic book store clerk and film buff Clarence Worley  watches a Sonny Chiba triple feature at a Detroit movie theater for his birthday. There he meets Alabama Whitman , seemingly by chance. They go to a diner for pie and flirt before heading to Clarence's apartment. After having sex, she confesses that she is a call girl hired by Clarence's boss as a birthday present. But, she has fallen in love with Clarence and he with her. The next day, they marry. Alabama's pimp, Drexl Spivey , makes Clarence uneasy. An apparition of his idol, Elvis Presley , tells him that killing Drexl, who is also a drug dealer, will make the world a better place. Clarence tells Drexl that he has married Alabama and she has no additional business with him. Drexl and Clarence fight, and Clarence draws a gun and kills Drexl and a henchman. He grabs a bag that he assumes belongs to Alabama. When he tells Alabama he killed Drexl, she sobs and finds this ""so romantic."" Opening the suitcase, the two find it is full of cocaine, which was stolen by Drexl. Clarence and Alabama decide to leave for California immediately. First they pay a visit to Clarence's estranged father, Clifford Worley , a security guard and ex-cop. Clarence wants to find out if he is in the clear regarding Drexl's murder. Clifford tells him that the police assume it to be a drug-related killing. In Los Angeles, the young couple plan to meet Clarence's old friend, Dick Ritchie , an aspiring actor. Back in Detroit, Clifford is confronted in his home by gangster Vincenzo Coccotti , who wants the drugs taken from Drexl, his underling. Clifford refuses to reveal where his son has gone. Accepting that he is going to die anyway, he insults Coccotti, who shoots Clifford and then finds a note on the fridge giving Clarence's address in L.A. Clarence plans to use Ritchie's contacts with an actor named Elliot  to sell the drugs to a film producer, Lee Donowitz . Elliot, who has some of the cocaine, is stopped while speeding and is arrested for drug possession. Believing Clarence's story of getting the drugs from a dirty cop, he informs on Donowitz. Alabama is found alone in their motel room and interrogated by one of Coccotti's henchmen, Virgil . But, she fights back and manages to kill him. She and Clarence talk of moving to Cancún with the money from the drug deal. Knowing that Elliot's cocaine was uncut, and with Elliot ""confessing"" in order to avoid prison, detectives Nicholson  and Dimes  conclude that a sizable drug deal is about to go down. Promising him that he can avoid prison in return for cooperation, the two detectives have Elliot wear a wire. Coccotti's men learn where the deal is going down from Ritchie's stoner roommate, Floyd , and they all converge on Donowitz's suite at the Ambassador Hotel. Clarence makes a good impression on Donowitz. They are then ambushed by both the cops and gangsters who break in at almost the same time. Donowitz realizes that Elliot is an informant and throws a hot pot of coffee on him, Nicholson shoots Donowitz, and a shootout begins. Ritchie abandons the drugs and flees. Clarence is shot as he exits the bathroom. Afterward, Dimes finds one of the bodyguards mortally wounded, and kills him for shooting Nicholson. Alabama then shoots Dimes as revenge for shooting Clarence. As Alabama cries over Clarence, it is revealed that the gunshot had only grazed his face and narrowly missed his eye. He and Alabama escape with Donowitz's money as more police set a perimeter around the hotel. They are shown on a beach in Cancún, with a son they have named Elvis."
29392.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} Josie Geller  is a highly intelligent, but socially inept, copy editor for the Chicago Sun-Times who has never had a real relationship. One day during a staff meeting, the tyrannical editor-in-chief, Rigfort  assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children's lives. Josie tells her brother Rob  about the assignment, and he reminds her that during high school she was a misfit labelled ""Josie Grossie"", a nickname which continues to haunt her. Her first day at South Glen South High School is miserable. Josie reverts to the old geek that ruined her first high school career. She also has an unfortunate run-in with Gibby, Kirsten, and Kristen , three mean, popular girls, and Guy Perkins ([[Jeremy Jordan , the most attractive, popular student at South Glen South. Upon discovering that Guy and his friends have hidden her car, Josie loses hope, but is warmed when a kind-hearted, intelligent girl named Aldys  befriends her. Aldys dislikes Guy and his gang, referring to them as ""lemmings"", and they in turn view her as an uncool geek. Aldys suggests that Josie should join The Denominators, a group of intelligent students. Josie does but fails to get her story. Josie becomes enamoured with her English teacher, Sam Coulson , who is a fan of Shakespeare, as is Josie, and she becomes the top student in his class. After reciting a romantic excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to where she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince , who made fun of her for it. One night while out driving with Aldys, Josie encounters Guy Perkins and his gang at a local hangout called ""The Court"" where promiscuity and underage drinking takes place. Guy is nasty to Josie and Aldys, who claims that nothing exciting happens in Guy's court, but Josie knows from experience that Aldys secretly longs to be popular. Her superior Augustus ""Gus"" Strauss  loses patience with Josie after a rival paper exposes the truth on The Court, and orders Josie to become friends with the popular kids. He arranges for her to wear a hidden camera that will report back information to Gus, and soon the whole office becomes obsessed with Josie's story. Josie's co-worker Anita , after hearing Josie's recital of Shakespeare, grows unhappy with her promiscuous lifestyle and develops an attraction towards Gus, and he reciprocates. Josie goes home and confides in Rob about her fears. She tearfully tells him that South Glen South is simply a repetition of her old high school days and all she wants is to be accepted and not abused. Rob - who was the most popular guy in school in his youth - insists that if Josie can get one cool person to like her, then no one will dare question her. He urges her to let go of her old self and start anew. Determined, Josie goes to school the next day and overhears Guy telling his group about a cool band that are playing in a bar that night. Josie follows and meets Sam and his uptight girlfriend, Lara . However, she is tricked into eating a hash brownie and makes a fool of herself onstage by dancing wildly in front of Guy, the girls, and Sam. The next day, Josie oversleeps and is late for school. As her hand was stamped ""loser"" the night before at the club, the ink prints the word ""loser"" on her forehead, unknown to her. She merrily goes to school and is horrified to find everyone mocking her. She runs to the bathroom, sees the mark on her face and vomits in the toilet. She breaks down in tears and remembers the night of her prom. She was overjoyed at the thought of Billy Prince taking her to the prom and waits outside for him in her prom gown. But when Billy arrives in his limo, he has another girl with him and the both of them hurl eggs and insults at Josie, who collapses in tears. As she runs through the school hall, she encounters Rob who has enrolled as a new student and schemes to help her be popular. He becomes an instant hit with Guy Perkins and the other trendy kids, and spreads incredible stories about Josie, convincing the others that she is not a loser. Much to the anger of Aldys, Josie becomes popular and hangs out with the cool crowd. Sam and Josie grow closer but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks that she is a student and therefore off limits. Josie begins dating Guy and she recommends that the theme for the senior prom should be ""Meant for Each Other"", famous couples throughout history. This idea is met with approval and Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare's As You Like It. Anita, Gus and Josie's various other co-workers watch through the camera and are overjoyed as she is voted prom queen. As Guy dances with Aldys, as an alleged act of friendship, Josie dances with Sam and watches, horrified, as Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen nearly pour dog food over Aldys as revenge for her insulting them. Josie knocks the can away from Aldys and spills dog food over the three girls, who turn on her and denounce her as a loser. Infuriated, Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true age and occupation, and that she is disgusted by them. She angrily states how shallow the popular girls are, and praises Aldys for her kindness. Josie warns the students that who one was in high school means nothing outside in the real world and urges them to be themselves. She flees and leaves the students appalled. Sam is hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her. Also angry is Rob, who as a phony student received a second chance to play baseball and be scouted for the pros. He tells Josie that he ""taught those kids something"" and that she totally ruined things for him and the team. Josie vows to give Gus a story and write her story of her own high school career. She admits she has never been kissed, and also mentions the students of South Glen South, kindly remarking on Guy's confidence, Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen's beauty, and Aldys's intelligence, and her love for Sam. The entire city is moved by her story and the pain she suffered in her teens. She says she will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam to come and kiss her, if he really loves her. She also makes amends with Rob by using her influence at the paper to secure Rob an assistant coaching job with the team, something he proves to be successful doing. Josie waits but Sam has not heard as he is moving to New York. She waits with encouragement from Anita, Aldys, Gus, Guy and the girls. The clock runs out with no sign of Sam. A heartbroken Josie drops the microphone she's been holding to the ground. Fighting tears, she hears cheers rising from the bleachers seconds later as Sam rushes to the pitcher's mound. Sam apologizes for being late and kisses Josie for the very first time."
12819.0	1.0	Uphill battle faces a mixed-race couple from Boston trying to make it in the big city, with Debbie , a black woman who wants to be a singer and Tony , a white young man, who is a struggling actor, both in their early twenties. Although they both believe that race should not be an issue if two people love and respect one another, they are confronted with Debbie's family strongly disapproving the inter-racial affair and to make matters worse, Tony becomes the target of a radical Black Nationalist group who believes inter-racial relationships are a slap in the face to African-American culture. As Tony lands in jail, Debbie meets a good looking black man and finds herself wondering if her relationship with Tony is worth all the trouble.DVD Movie Central: Review of Colrz of Rage
4712.0	1.0	In 1933 Texas school teacher and aspiring writer Novalyne Price is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard. A relationship soon develops between the two but it is doomed by personality conflicts and life events, such as the terminal illness of Howard's mother.
24204.0	0.0	Jeroen  reminisces about the time in 1944 when he  and other boys were sent to the countryside by their parents to escape the war. The city suffers from food shortages, with more food available in the country. He stays with an eel fisher's family, but despite the abundance of food, he is plagued by homesickness. Jeroen and his friend Jan go to the ocean and see an American plane in the water; Jan tries to go under but claims there are too many eels and comes up with a big cut on his upper right thigh. Things change when the village is liberated by Canadian troops. Jeroen meets Walt Cook , a Canadian soldier in his early 20s, who befriends him. Jeroen revels in the attention the soldier showers on him, at first treating him like a little brother and eventually their relationship becomes sexual. His foster parents are aware of the closeness between Jeroen and the soldier, but it is unclear in the film whether they are aware of the sexual nature of the relationship. After a few more days, Walt's troop are ordered to move and Walt leaves without saying goodbye to Jeroen. Jeroen hears about it from his foster sisters that they are leaving and he rushes to the soldiers home, but finds that they have already left. Jeroen is lying awake in his bed and notices that the scarecrow that posed as Walt when his foster family took pictures, and races outside to get it but when he touches it his hand is badly hurt and his taken inside by his foster dad. The next morning his hosted dad is burning the scarecrow and notices the sunglasses that Walt left on the wire. Jeroen is heartbroken, having only a photo to remind him of the soldier which turns out to be ruined in the rain. After the war is over, he returns to his family back in Amsterdam, where he decides to go to America later in his life. The film ends with grown-up Jeroen affectionately recalling the story and trying to express it as a ballet dance. While rehearsing the dance, his assistant hands him an envelope. He opens the envelope to find an enlargement of the only photo of him and the foster family and also a further enlargement of the soldier's dog tag with his identification. He realizes that he can now find his lost soldier after all this time. In the novel, Walt's name is Walter P. Narbutus.
34822.0	0.0	"Gilles and Christine are attractive, sexually active teenagers from unstable homes. When they do some shop-lifting together she is arrested, but he gets away. She escapes from a mental institution and meets him at an abandoned house in the country, where a large group of rebellious teenagers are having a wild, all-night party. American rock music from the period is played prominently and has a very strong effect, especially ""Me and Bobby McGee,"" sung by Janis Joplin. Drugs are used, mainly pot and hash. As the party is winding down, Gilles and Christine escape even deeper into the countryside, searching for a commune where artists are said to live without electricity or running water. This is Christine's idea, but Gilles reluctantly goes along. A jolting conclusion shows us that, as Assayas puts it, ""Gilles' real life has now begun."""
34562.0	1.0	The film is set in contemporary Paris and tells the story of three characters: Maxime , Stéphane  and Camille , caught in a love triangle. A violinist of rising fame, Camille begins a casual relationship with Maxime, who owns a workshop that manufactures and repairs violins. When Camille arrives at the workshop to have her violin repaired, she is instantly attracted to the enigmatic and introverted Stephane, Maxime's partner and friend who seems to share the same attraction but is incapable of expressing any emotion. Convinced that she can break his cold exterior Camille becomes obsessed and soon all three of them are set on a tragic collision course.
37564.0	0.0	Himalaya Putra is a teenage love story with an additional track of the estranged parents of the hero and another of a drug trafficker whom the father of the hero wants to nab..
17594.0	0.0	Shyam, a wealthy bachelor in London, returns to India and meets the girl, Radha, of his dreams. But Radha is a helpless pawn controlled by Shyam's evil uncle and Shyam's father's murderer. The two eye Shyam's wealth and estate and nothing can stop them in their path to obtain it--and their plan to kill Shyam.
17746.0	0.0	Gokulan Krishnan  is a music loving man who begins the movie with a dream where he sees his dream girl. The only Trademark he remembers from it is a mole which is situated next to her navel. He then becomes determined in looking for his 'dream girl' with the help of his uncle  and brother in laws. On the other hand, his father arranges him to get married to a village girl Savithri  which Gokulan  objects to, but Savithri loves him. Gokulan later sees his dream girl Swapna  at a wedding where he spot the mole on her navel. He then sings to her impressing her but she leaves abruptly. He later sees her at a music class which he teaches and from then on they love each other. Gokulan tries to stop the marriage with Savithri in many failed attempts due to everyone in Savithri's family getting the wrong impression. Swapna then arrives to Savithri's village and is revealed that they are sisters. Neither of them knew that they love the same man. Gokulan then tells Savithri's father that he doesn't want the marriage which Swapna overhears. Knowing how much her sister loves him, Swapna is determined to get Gokulan to forget her by lying she has a blood clot in her heart. After much persuasion, Gokulan agrees to marry Savithri. Throughout the movie, Vignesh  is in love with Swapna and tries to get her to marry him and if not, he will kill her with him also. When Vignesh reveals after almost killing Savithri that he loved Swapna but she said she will only marry Gokulan, Savithri lets Swapna marry him.
33381.0	1.0	"Dave Kovic  runs a temporary employment agency in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., and, as a side job, makes appearances impersonating President Bill Mitchell , whom he resembles, at events such as automobile dealerships and supermarket openings. He is requested by Secret Service agent Duane Stevensen  to make an appearance as the President at a hotel where he is making a speech. Dave assumes it is a matter of security, but it is really to cover up Mitchell's extramarital affair with a White House staffer . Mitchell suffers a severe stroke during the liaison, leaving him in a coma. White House Chief of Staff Bob Alexander  and Communications Director Alan Reed  convince Dave to continue impersonating the President. They tell him that Vice President Gary Nance  is mentally unbalanced, but in actuality Bob does not want the Vice President in power because it will prevent Bob from achieving his own agenda. Only Bob, Alan, the Secret Service, and the medical staff tending to Mitchell know of the switch. First Lady Ellen Mitchell  lives a mainly separate life, seeing little of the President. The public is notified that Mitchell has had a ""minor circulatory problem of the head."" With Dave established as president, Bob and Alan send Nance on a goodwill tour of Africa and implicate him in a savings and loan fraud that Bob and Mitchell perpetrated. Once Nance is forced to resign, Bob plans for Dave to nominate him as vice president, whereupon Mitchell will have a more serious stroke and Bob will ascend to the presidency. Dave's enthusiasm revives Mitchell's popularity, as commented on by numerous media personalities and Congressmen who make cameo appearances. Dave visits a homeless shelter with the First Lady, who does not understand why he has taken a sudden interest in her project. Bob falsifies Mitchell's veto of a funding bill that includes the shelter, ostensibly for budget reasons. After the First Lady confronts Dave about the veto, Dave confronts Bob, who coldly tells him that if he can cut $650 million from the budget he can keep the shelter. Dave has his friend Murray Blum , an accountant, help him rewrite the federal budget so that the project may be reinstated, whereupon he also finds that an extreme majority of the budget is being used for frivolous expenses . The First Lady suspects that the current Mitchell is not really her husband, and tricks Dave into revealing the truth. When Dave and Duane shows her the real Bill on life support in the White House basement, she and Dave decide to secretly leave the White House. However, after a night out, they realize all the good they could do, and decide to return. Already furious about the budget changes, Bob snaps at Dave when he calls a surprise press conference. Dave forces him to resign , then announces a plan to create employment for every American who wants work. Nance returns from Africa and confronts Dave about the savings and loan scandal; Dave realizes Bob and Alan have misled him about Nance . Nance tells Dave he thinks the jobs initiative is a wonderful idea, but that the scandal will make it difficult to pass. Wanting to know how the Vice President got started, Dave learns that Nance had been a shoe salesman before his wife convinced him to run for city council. Dave talks with Ellen about how Nance is a good man; Ellen, realizing what Dave is planning, realizes she doesn't want to lose Dave, for she has fallen for him. Bob, out for revenge, reveals Mitchell's involvement in the savings and loan scandal. In a joint session of Congress, Dave admits to Mitchell's role in the scandal, but introduces evidence proving that Bob was the mastermind and Nance was not involved. Bob, watching the session on TV with Republican friends, realizes Alan has betrayed him and is soon alone at home. During the speech, Dave fakes a stroke and makes a switch with the real Mitchell in an ambulance taking him to the hospital. Nance becomes acting president and is sworn in as President five months later when Mitchell dies; he announces he will continue the push for Dave's jobs plan. Bob and other members of the administration are indicted on various charges on the day the jobs initiative passes. Back at his old job, Dave decides to run for city council. Ellen Mitchell arrives to reunite with him. Duane, now on Dave's campaign team, stands guard outside the office door."
36785.0	0.0	Simon Eskanazy is a thirty-year-old gay musician. Born into a Jewish family, he took great pains to accept his homosexuality, and to get his family  to do the same. The latter, Uncle Salomon is a wealthy banker who offered him a deal: he'll give him 10 million francs and will bequeath his mansion to Simon only if Simon agrees to marry a woman. First reluctant, he met Rosalie Baumann, a Jewish singer known for singing in Yiddish, she is very observant, and her parents live in the United States. Little by little, while getting to know her, Simon falls in love with her.
10788.0	0.0	"Jazz saxophone player Izzy Maurer  is shot in the chest during a performance at a jazz club by a deranged man. Izzy survives the seven-hour operation, but loses his left lung, ending his musical career. A young aspiring actress named Celia Burns  walks into the Chez Pierre restaurant in New York City where she works as a waitress. She and her boss talk about the shooting. Later she purchases Izzy's latest CD.In the opening scene, the walls of the jazz club bathroom are decorated with photos of beautiful women. One of the photos is of an aspiring actress named Celia Burns whom he will meet later. Next to her image is a photo of Louise Brooks, the actress who played Lulu in the 1929 German silent film Pandora's Box. Izzy plans to meet Celia in Dublin, where the film is being shot. Shortly after she leaves, Izzy is attacked by men in his apartment demanding to know why he killed Stanley Mar. He is taken away and held prisoner. He meets a mysterious Dr. Van Horn  who tells Izzy how disappointed he is in him. Izzy has no idea what he's talking about, but Van Horn seems to know details about Izzy's past—his real name, childhood incidents, and catching fireflies with his brother at their summer house on Echo Lake. When Van Horn begins to delve into Izzy's relationships with his father and brother, Izzy responds, ""Don't do this to me."" When reminded that he refused to play music at his father's funeral, he breaks down in tears. One night, Van Horn storms into Izzy's cell and tell him, ""You're not worthy. You've lived a bad dishonest life."" Having learned about Celia, Van horn now demands that Izzy reveal her whereabouts. Izzy refuses to acknowledge that he even knows her. As he leaves, Van Horn says, ""May God have mercy on your soul."" Meanwhile, Celia is unable to reach Izzy and she suspects that something is very wrong. She fears that Izzy has abandoned her. One night she takes out the rock and the blue light appears, but now it only produces in her an overwhelming sadness. Distressed, Lulu takes the rock and walks to Ha'penny Bridge, where she drops the stone into the dark river below. The following day, Van Horn and his men find Celia in Dublin and attempt to kidnap her. They chase her through the streets to Ha'penny Bridge where she had dropped the stone. As they close in, she jumps into the river. Back in New York, Izzy finally manages to escape his prison. He learns from the producer of Celia's disappearance and nearly collapses. The producer gives him a videotape of some of Celia's scenes. Later at a jazz club, he asks his friends, ""Am I a good person or a bad person?"" Back at his apartment he watches the videotape of Celia and weeps. After being shot at the jazz club by the deranged man, Izzy is taken away in an ambulance. On the way to the hospital, his heart stops and Izzy Maurer dies, just as the ambulance passes a young aspiring actress named Celia Burns. She sees the ambulance pass and makes the sign of the cross."
28661.0	0.0	In 1982, Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried, has lived her whole life in Tokyo and now works at a company there. She decides to take another trip to visit her elder sisters-in-law in the rural countryside to help with the safflower harvest and get away from city life. While traveling at night on a sleeper train to Yamagata, she begins to recall memories of herself as a schoolgirl in 1966, and her intense desire to go on holiday like her classmates, all of whom have family outside of the big city. During her stay in Yamagata, she finds herself increasingly nostalgic and wistful for her childhood self, while simultaneously wrestling with adult issues of career and love. The trip dredges up forgotten memories  — the first stirrings of childish romance, puberty and growing up, the frustrations of math and boys. In lyrical switches between the present and the past, Taeko wonders if she has been true to the dreams of her childhood self. Finally, Taeko faces her own true self, how she views the world and the people around her, and has to decide what kind of person to become.
13861.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} John ""Jack"" Sommersby left his farm to fight in the American Civil War but has not returned home afterward, and is presumed dead. Despite the hardship of working their farm without him, his apparent widow Laurel  is quite content in his absence, as Jack was an unpleasant and abusive husband. She even makes remarriage plans with one of her neighbors, Orin Meacham , who despite his own hardships  has been helping her and her young son with the farmwork. One day, Jack  seemingly returns with a complete change of heart. He is now kind and loving to Laurel and their young son. In the evenings, he reads to them from Homer's Iliad, which the old Jack never would have done. He claims that the book was given to him by a man he met in prison, and that ""War changes you; makes you appreciate things"". Jack and Laurel rekindle their intimacy and Laurel soon becomes pregnant. Displaced from his courtship of Laurel, Meacham immediately suspects this ""new"" Sommersby as an impostor. The town shoemaker also finds that this man's foot is two sizes smaller than the last which had been made for Sommersby before the war. In order to revive the local economy, Sommersby suggests Burley tobacco as a cash crop. He raises the seed money by selling parts of his own farm to people who will then work the land to grow tobacco. This raises further doubts in his old neighbors who believe that the ""old"" Jack would not be so hasty to give away his beloved father's land, as well as resentment among Confederate veterans about the inclusion of former slaves. One black freedman living on Sommersby's land is brutally attacked and dropped at Sommersby's door, by men proclaiming themselves the Knights of the White Camellia . Jack is threatened in an attempt to force him to exclude Black people from the landowning but he refuses, saying that they can ""own what they pay for"". Upon taking the townspeople's money, he sets off to buy the tobacco seed claiming that the crops will raise enough funds to rebuild the town church. Great suspicion and skepticism falls upon him  when he does not return at the expected time. He does, however, return. All those that bought in on the deal set to work, transforming the dull and lifeless plantation into a breeding ground of promise and prosperity. Laurel gives birth to a daughter, Rachel. Shortly after Rachel's baptism, two U.S. Marshals appear in town to arrest Jack Sommersby. He is charged with murder, which carries the death penalty if convicted. Once the trial begins, Laurel's attempts to save her husband quickly focus on the question of his identity: whether this ""Jack"" is who he claims to be, or a look-a-like who met the real Sommersby whilst in prison for deserting the Confederate Army. Laurel and Jack's lawyer agree to argue that her husband is an impostor, not the same man who left Laurel to fight in the war. This would save her husband  from hanging for murder, although he would still be imprisoned for several years for fraud and desertion. Meacham devises this plan in exchange for Laurel promising to marry him upon ""Sommersby's"" imprisonment. Jack fires the lawyer and sets about re-establishing himself as the real Sommersby. Several witnesses are brought up to discredit this Sommersby as a fraud, who state that he is one Horace Townsend, an English teacher from Virginia. One witness says that the man currently posing as Jack defrauded his township of several thousand dollars after claiming he wanted to help rebuild the schoolhouse there. Sommersby quickly discredits the man's testimony by identifying him as one of the Klansmen who had threatened him earlier. Jack also points out that Orin Meacham was another of those men, and that this is all a set-up to try to rob the new black farmers of the land they have bought. When the black judge, Barry Conrad Isaacs  confronts the witness on this charge, the witness snaps, ""When the Yankees have all gone you'll be back in the field where you belong!"" The judge silences him and sentences him to 30 days for contempt, increased to 60 days upon the man's protest. As the drama unfolds, Jack asks Laurel to give the reason she knows he is not the ""real"" Jack Sommersby; she replies  ""…because I never loved him the way I love you!"" With this her charade ends and she says that she believes the Jack before her to be her real husband. Judge Isaacs calls Jack to his bench to ask whether he wishes to be tried as Jack Sommersby even if it will certainly mean death by hanging. Jack glances at the freed blacks who have been farming his land, and then he glances at his wife and his daughter, who would be respectively condemned as an adulteress and a bastard child if he claimed the identity of Horace Townsend. He calmly states that he wants to be tried as John ""Jack"" Sommersby. Jack is convicted of first degree murder and is sentenced to death by hanging. While awaiting death, he is asked by Laurel to tell the truth. She asks, ""Are you John Sommersby?"" Laurel mentions the book on Homer's works that he holds. Jack tells her the story of how a man had to share a cell with another man, who looked so much a like they could have been brothers. After sharing a cell for four years, they got to know everything about each other. Upon his release, Jack Sommersby killed another man, then died from a wound he got during the fight. Horace Townsend then buries Jack Sommersby, which is seen in the opening scene of the film. When Laurel asks him ""You mean you buried Jack,"" he answers ""I buried Horace."" Horace Townsend decided to assume Jack Sommerby's identity, and no longer be the man he was. Jack concludes by saying he can't admit to the judge that he is Horace Townsend, because then Laurel, her son Rob and Rachel would have no money and no house. As Jack is taken to the gallows, he asks Laurel to be amongst the crowds as he cannot ""hang alone"". But as Jack Sommersby is about to be hanged, Laurel makes her way to the front of the crowd. Jack calls for her, claiming to the executioner that he ""isn't ready"". She calls back and the two see each other. Then he is executed. The closing scenes show Laurel walking up a hill with flowers. She then kneels by the gravestone of ""John Robert Sommersby"" and lays the flowers down for him. It is revealed that work is being done on the steeple of the village church, as Jack had wished."
25200.0	0.0	"In the film's prologue, a hotelier ushers a child into a bomb shelter during the Liverpool Blitz. We see a brief flashback to a woman leaving her baby in a basement surrounded by flickering candles. Before departing from the house, she quickly drops a string of pearls on the child's pillow, twined around a single rose. Years later, 16-year-old Stella Bradshaw  lives in a working class household with her Uncle Vernon ([[Alun Armstrong  and Aunt Lily  in Liverpool. Lacking an adult in her life that she feels close to, she frequently goes into phone booths to speak with her mother, who never appears in the film. Stella has no interest in schoolwork and her uncle, who sees a theatrical career as being her only alternative to working behind the counter at Woolworth’s, signs her up for speech lessons and pulls the strings to get her involved at a regional playhouse. After an unsuccessful audition, Stella gets a job gofering for Meredith Potter , the troupe's sleazy, eccentric director. The impressionable Stella develops a crush on the worldly, self-absorbed Potter, whose homosexuality completely eludes her. Potter reveals himself to be a cruel, apathetic man who treats Stella and everyone else around him with scorn and condescension and has a long history of exploiting young men. His latest dalliance is with Geoffrey ([[Alan Cox , another teenage apprentice. Stella is quickly caught up in the backstage intrigue and also becomes the object of passes from several men surrounding the theatre company, among them P.L. O'Hara , a brilliant actor who has returned to the troupe for a stint playing Captain Hook in its Christmas production of Peter Pan. In keeping with theatrical tradition, O'Hara also doubles in the role of Mr. Darling.  O'Hara carries himself with grace and charisma, but privately is as troubled and disillusioned as the other members of the cast. Haunted by his wartime experiences and a lost love , O'Hara embarks on an affair with Stella, to whom he feels an inexplicably deep emotional connection. Stella, who still has her mind set on winning Potter's favor, remains emotionally detached but takes advantage of O'Hara's affections, seeing it as an opportunity to gain sexual experience. Disturbed by Stella's pursuance of the abusive Potter, O'Hara visits her aunt and uncle, who fill him in on Stella's history. He soon finds out that Stella's long-missing mother was his lost love, whom he then knew by the nickname Stella Maris, making Stella — who he's been sleeping with — his child, a daughter rather than the son he had imagined. Keeping his discovery to himself, O'Hara gets on his motorcycle and drives back out to the seaport. Distracted, he slips on the wet gangplank, hits his head and is pitched into the water. Potter takes on the role of Captain Hook for the last performance. Stella is later seen hastening to the phone booth to confide her woes over the phone to ""her mother"" — as has been her habit throughout the film. We are suddenly reminded that the absent Stella Maris had years ago won a nationwide contest to be the voice of the speaking clock. It is her recorded voice that provides the only response to her daughter's confidences."
29406.0	0.0	The 1950s in France. Patrick Carrion  is a young boy who worships all things American, and comes of age in a small village near a U.S. military base. He has a pleasant French life with a lovely girlfriend, Marie-José Vire  and happy family. But one day, he meets an American soldier named Will Caberra  which changes his life forever. The soldier introduces Patrick to American music, fun, freedom and women. Under the soldier's tutelage, the boy follows his dream of becoming a drummer and falling in love with an American girl Trudy Wadd . Patrick's family and ex-girlfriend witness Patrick's heartbreak when he is faced with the reality that there is a price to pay with some American ways.
2202.0	1.0	"The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King , an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his ""educated, charming...nymphomaniac"" landlady . He's just finished his sixth year playing ""The Tall Guy"", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring  Ron Anderson . called Elephant! which features a song called “He’s Packing His Trunk” and a finale which ends with the lyric ""Somewhere up in heaven there's an angel with big ears!"" During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star . On the new musical's opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant! just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back. With Ron's involuntary help , Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward. Kate agrees to give him another chance."
30880.0	0.0	Seventeen-year-old Artemisia Gentileschi , the daughter of Orazio Gentileschi, a renowned Italian painter, exhibits her father's talent, and is encouraged by her father, who has no sons and wishes his art to survive after him. However, in the chauvinistic world of early-1600s Italy women are forbidden to paint human nudes or enter the Academy of Arts. Orazio allows his daughter to study in his studio—although he draws the line at letting her view nude males. She is direct and determined, and bribes the fisherman Fulvio with a kiss for letting her observe his body and draw him. Artemisia seeks the tutelage of Agostino Tassi , her father's collaborator in painting frescoes, to learn from him the art of perspective. Tassi, is a man notorious for his night-time debauchery. The two hone their skills as artists, but they also fall in love, and their relationship moves into the realm of physical pleasure. Artemisia's father spots the couple making love and files a lawsuit against Tassi for rape. In the subsequent trial, Artemisia's physical state is investigated by two nuns, and then she is tortured by thumbscrews. Nevertheless, even under torture, Artemisia denies being raped, and proclaims their mutual love. Tassi himself, devastated by her plight, admits to raping her in order to stop her ordeal. Merlet said of her film, “I didn’t want to show her as a victim but like a more modern woman who took her life into her own hands.”
13295.0	1.0	Caroline  is a young woman working as a waitress who is always unlucky in love. Adam  is a shy busboy who saves Caroline when two men try to rape her on her way home one night. She then gets to know him. They become close, but she finds out his past, and the attackers come after Adam for revenge. They end up stabbing him. As their relationship progresses, Caroline discovers that Adam has a heart defect, though he claims he has a baboon heart. On his birthday he goes to a hockey game with Caroline, and catches a hockey puck that is shot into the crowd. On the way home he falls asleep and then passes away at the age of 27.
10181.0	0.0	A young man, Juvenal, is apparently able to cure the sick by the laying-on of hands. Mysterious stigmata appear from time to time on his flesh. The former evangelist Bill Hill, tired of selling mobile homes for a living, persuades his friend Lynn Faulkner to befriend the innocent ex-monk and encourage him to aim for the big-time. But matters become complicated when the young couple falls in love, and even more complicated when fundamentalist August Murray takes exception to their relationship.
37313.0	0.0	  High School sweethearts Michael and Rosy happily marry during the 1950s, both 18. Things go along smoothly until Roslyn gets pregnant, at age 19. The bills pile up and the two grow apart from each other. Roslyn spends most of the time taking care of their child and hanging out with her best friend, Joannie, who's married to a guy named Bobby. Joannie's been cheating on her husband with a man named Frankie. Roslyn is introduced to Frankie's friend, Joey, a bad boy who's also married. Immediately, Roslyn begins an affair with Joey. At first Michael doesn't suspect anything, but when the two girl friends go out at night and come back later and later, it dawns on him that they are both having affairs. Michael works at a design company with Lorraine, who's into the The Beat and jazz scenes. One night, he goes out to have an affair with her. The next morning, however, his uptight attitudes causes him to back out of the affair when he learns that he's not her only lover. Eventually Lorraine leaves to go to New York. At the same time, Roslyn's trying to break off her affair with Joey, but he won't give up that easily. Varied events soon escalate in violence. Joey kidnaps Roslyn, and Michael goes after them, and takes his wife back from him. Michael and Roslyn go their separate ways, and Michael hits the road.
6363.0	0.0	"Professional assassin Martin Q. Blank  finds himself depressed, irritable and dissatisfied with his work. A major irritant is his chief rival Grocer , whose effort to cartelize the hitman business puts him at potentially lethal odds with the solitary Martin. Following a botched contract, Martin receives an invitation to his class of '86 10-year high school reunion in his home town of Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Initially reluctant to attend, he is pressured into it by both his therapist   and his secretary  . She books him a contract in Michigan that coincides with the reunion, ostensibly to smooth things over with the client whose contract was botched. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe, Martin seeks out Debi Newberry , now a radio DJ, whom Martin had abandoned on prom night to enlist in the Army. While Debi's visit suggests hope for redemption, Martin's depression is only deepened by visits to his demented mother, his alcoholic father's grave, and the site of his childhood home where a convenience store now stands. Reconnecting with friends like Paul   is likewise depressing, as many have seemingly become well adjusted adults with normal jobs. When asked about his own livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by fellow hitmen Grocer and Felix LaPoubelle , a Basque former terrorist who is hired to kill Martin as revenge for one of his past jobs, and attempts to do so in the convenience store that stands in place of his childhood home. He is also clumsily tailed by two National Security Agency agents  who were tipped off to Martin's contract by Grocer. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends with Debi and fails to open the background dossier on his prospective target. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin then experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. Moments later, while exploring the halls, Martin is attacked by LaPoubelle, whom he kills in self-defense. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking about his work after all, flees the reunion. Paul arrives only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPoubelle's body in the school furnace. Realizing that his friend was not joking about his profession, Paul walks away from Martin in disgust after they dispose of LaPoubelle. Later Debi confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed he was suited to work as a hitman for the CIA; after leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe. He is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry , Debi's father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself to impress Martin's client. Either out of love for Debi, or a new-found respect for life, Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During the siege, Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the team of mercenaries. During a tense standoff between Blank and Grocer, the NSA agents enter the fight, where they are gunned down by Grocer and Martin. By this point, Blank has run out of ammunition, and when Grocer tries to trick Blank by ""selling"" him a weapon for $100,000, Blank surprises him by smashing a TV over his head and killing him. Wounded and exhausted, Blank then proposes marriage to Debi. Debi, shell-shocked from the day's events, does not respond, although her father readily gives his blessing. The film ends with Debi and Martin speeding out of Grosse Pointe together."
9225.0	1.0	Vijay comes to the city with an ambition to star in the movies. He is totally mad about cinema. He lives as a tenant in Swathi's house. He tries acting out film scenes and speaking film dialogues in a loud fashion thus disturbing her studies.So both of them get off on the wrong foot. But finally they fall in love with each other. Mansur Ali Khan is her maternal uncle who also wants to marry Swathi. So the villain starts disturb the lovers. But the hero fight for his love and finally wins his lady love's hand.
7770.0	1.0	"Awkward and shy 16-year-old high-schooler Ted Stroehmann  lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen , only to have it cut short by a painful and embarrassing zipper accident. After the ordeal garners the attention of numerous members of the household and community, Ted is finally carted off to the hospital. He subsequently loses touch with Mary. Thirteen years later, Ted is still in love — maybe even obsessed — with Mary. On the advice of his best friend Dom, he hires sleazy private detective Pat Healy to track her down. Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, but Healy falls in love with the irresistible Mary as well. Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and drugging Magda's dog to win Mary but is exposed by Mary's architect friend, Tucker, who is heavily reliant on crutches, and speaks with a posh English accent. Tucker, however, turns out to be a fraud himself, an able-bodied and entirely American pizza boy who is also in love with Mary. Tucker drives potential rivals away by slander, among them Brett Favre . Ted, aided by Dom, drives down to Florida and seems to have won Mary's love, until an anonymous letter exposes his being less than honest about his link to Healy. While Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, Mary is confronted by Dom, who turns out to be her former boyfriend Woogie, who ""got weird on her"" back in high school, setting up the original prom scenario. Having found out that Tucker also lied about Mary's former love interest, football player Brett Favre, Ted decides that Mary should be with Brett, as Brett was the only one who did not resort to deceit to win Mary. After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully but Mary chases after him, preferring him over Brett because she is a 49ers fan. The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist  who narrates/sings along all the story is accidentally shot by Magda's boyfriend who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary."
12902.0	0.0	"Dr. Bill Harford  and his wife, Alice , a young couple from New York, go to a Christmas party, given by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler . Bill meets an old friend from med school, Nick Nightingale , who now plays piano professionally. While a Hungarian man tries to pick up Alice, two young models try to take Bill off for a tryst. He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with a young woman who has overdosed on a speedball. Next evening at home, while smoking marijuana, Bill's wife asks him if he had sex with the two girls. After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her. As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men. She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation. Disturbed by Alice's revelation, Bill is just then called to the deathbed of the father of a now-engaged female friend, who impulsively kisses him and tells him she loves him. Putting her off, Bill takes a walk and meets a prostitute named Domino , and goes to her apartment. His wife phones as he begins to kiss her, after which he calls off the awkward encounter. Meeting his friend Nick at the Sonata Cafe, Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded. Nick tells him about beautiful women he glimpsed when the blindfold slipped at the last gig for this customer, allowing him to surmise some of the goings-on. Bill presses for details. To gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask and the password. Bill drives late at night to a shop called ""Rainbow Fashions"", whose previous owner he knew. He offers the new owner, Mr. Milich , a generous amount of money to rent to him now. Searching for a costume, the owner catches his teenage daughter  with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of sense of decency, and threatens to call the police. Bill now takes a taxi out to a country mansion where a quasi-religious sexual ritual is taking place. One woman takes Bill aside and warns him he does not belong there. Bill then with another girl walks through a few rooms where an orgy is taking place. The first woman catches up with Bill and insists he is in terrible danger for they suspect that he is an outsider. Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies insists that he ""kindly remove his mask"", then asks that he remove his clothes. The masked young woman who had tried to warn Bill now intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed and Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there. Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused, where his wife Alice is now awake and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she were in a deserted city without their clothes. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. She then felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The Naval Officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. Next morning Bill finds Nick's hotel from the waitress in the next-door cafe; the desk clerk  tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men. Nick tried to pass an envelope to him when they were leaving, but it was intercepted, then he was driven away by the two men in a limousine. Bill goes to return the costume and the shop owner, with his daughter by his side, states he can do other favors for Bill ""and it needn't be a costume"". The Japanese men leave; Milich implies to Bill that he has sold his daughter for prostitution. Bill has misplaced the mask, so is billed for it. Bill returns to the mansion in his own car and is greeted at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries. At home, Bill thinks about Alice's dream while he watches her tutor their daughter. That evening, Bill goes to the home of the prostitute with a gift. Her roommate greets him, telling him Domino has just discovered she has HIV. Bill leaves and notices a well-dressed man is following him. After losing him, Bill reads a newspaper story about a beauty queen, Amanda Curran, who had died of a drug overdose. She is the Mandy he had treated at Ziegler's party. He goes to the hospital, claiming to be her doctor, and examines her body in the morgue. Ziegler summons Bill to his house and tells him he knows all the events of the past night and day. Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy and his own position with the secret society has been jeopardized by Bill's intrusion. Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the woman at the party who'd ""sacrificed"" herself to prevent Bill's punishment, and about Nick. Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at home in Seattle, but does not know where to contact him. Ziegler also insists that the ""punishment"" had nothing to do with Mandy's death; she was a junkie and she has died from another accidental drug overdose. Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth, but says nothing further. When Bill returns home, he sees the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife. He breaks down in tears and as Alice awakes, he decides to tell her the whole truth of the past two days. The next morning they go Christmas shopping. His wife muses that recent events do not define their life and they should be grateful they have survived and are still together and that she loves him. She then says they need to, in her own words, ""fuck"" as soon as possible.  Arthur Schnitzler's 1926 novella Dream Story is set around Vienna shortly after the turn of the century. The couple are named Fridolin and Albertina, and their home is a typical suburban middle-class home, not the film's posh urban apartment. Schnitzler himself, like the protagonist of this novel, lived in Vienna, was Jewish, and a medical doctor . The couple in the novella are implied to be Jewish . According to historian Geoffrey Cocks, Kubrick  frequently removed references to the Jewishness of characters in the novels he adapted. This is reflected in the way the film handles the way Bill Harford is taunted by college students when going home in the morning. In the film, Bill is taunted with homophobic slurs. In the novella, these boys are recognized to be members of an anti-Semitic college fraternity.Peter Loewenberg notes this in his essay Freud Schnitzler and Eyes Wide Shut http://books.google.com/books?idPA268&dq1#vfalse as does Geoffrey Cocks in his book Wolf at the Door  The novella is set during Carnival, when people often wear masks to parties. The party that both husband and wife attend at the opening of the story is a masked Carnival ball, whereas the film's story begins at Christmas time. Critic Randy Rasmussen suggests that the character of Bill is fundamentally more naïve, strait-laced, less disclosing and more unconscious of his vindictive motives than his counterpart, Fridolin.{{Harvnb|Rasmussen|2005|p6Y7FnTDmvUIC&pgFidelio+Denmark+Kubrick&cdfalse] The party in the novella consists mostly of nude ballroom dancing. In the novella the woman who ""redeems"" Fridolin at the party, saving him from punishment, is costumed as a nun, and most of the characters at the party are dressed as nuns or priests; Fridolin himself used a priest costume. This aspect was retained in the film's original screenplay,Eyes Wide Shut original screenplay but was deleted in the filmed version. In the novella, when the husband returns home, the wife's dream is an elaborate drama that concludes with him getting crucified in a village square after Fridolin refuses to separate from Albertina and become the paramour of the village princess, even though Albertina is now occupied with copulating with other men, and watches him ""without pity"". By being faithful, Fridolin thus fails to save himself from execution in Albertina's dream although he was apparently spared by the woman's 'sacrifice' at the masked sex party. In both the novella and film, the wife states that the laugh in her sleep just before she woke was a laugh of scornful contempt for her husband; although awake she states this matter-of-factly. The novella makes it clear that Fridolin at this point hates Albertina more than ever, thinking they are now lying together ""like mortal enemies"". It has been argued that the dramatic climax of the novella is actually Albertina's dream, and the film has shifted the focus to Bill's visit to the secret society's orgy whose content is more shocking in the film.Rainer J. Kaus, Notes on Eyes Wide Shut The character of Ziegler  is entirely an invention of the film, having no counterpart in Schnitzler. Critic Randy Rasmussen interprets Ziegler as representing Bill's worst self, much as in other Kubrick films; the title character in Dr. Strangelove represents the worst of the American national security establishment, Charles Grady represents the worst of Jack Torrance in The Shining, and Clare Quilty represents the worst of Humbert Humbert in Lolita.{{Harvnb}} The novella explains why the husband's mask is on the pillow next to his sleeping wife, she having discovered it when it slipped out of his suitcase, and placing it there as a statement of understanding. This is left unexplained in the film."
33793.0	1.0	Min , who is part of a Cantonese street opera troupe and a part-time cover artiste, meets Kit , a struggling jazz musician who has just broken up with his celebrity singer girlfriend . Through her bubbly personality, she affects Kit for the better. However, just as their relationship begins to stabilize and win acceptance from Min's family, which includes a strict mother and a doting, saxophone-playing uncle, Min is re-diagnosed with bone cancer, which she had once suffered as a young child.
23269.0	0.0	A teenager murders her sexually abusive stepfather after he teaches her how to use a gun. Through a school correspondence course, she meets a prison inmate, Howard, whom she seduces back into the world of violence and guns. She marries Howard and decides to show him the remains of her stepfather; Howard helps her dispose of the body. After they dispose of the corpse, Howard commits several homicides, although he was provoked in every instance.
18794.0	0.0	Daphne Fields is a world famous novelist from New York City who one night is hit by a car. She falls into a coma and her memory flashes back to eight years earlier, when she was happily married to Jeffrey and had a loving daughter, Aimee. Her perfect life had subsequently fallen into pieces when she suddenly loses her husband and daughter in a fire. Nine months later, she gives birth to a son, Andrew, who turns out to be deaf. Daphne decides to learn sign language and is tutored by Dr. Matthew Dane, an educator for the deaf. Inspired by her loss, she starts writing a novel called Autumn Years. Daphne grows to be an overprotective mother. Unwilling to enroll her son in a New York public school, she enters him in a special boarding school for deaf children, headed by Matthew Dane and located in New Hampshire. Able to focus on her freelance writing career, she makes her literary debut with a bestseller and hires her best friend Barbara as her assistant. She refuses to do any promotion or tours, though, so that she will be free to visit her son at any time. She often visits his school and grows close to its principal. She keeps herself from becoming involved with him, though, feeling that she should remain faithful to Jeffrey. Meanwhile, she learns that the rights of her second novel Apache have been sold and that it will be turned into a movie. She reluctantly heads to Hollywood, where she falls in love with Justin Wakefield, who is starring in the film adaption. After one romantic night, he tells her that he is in love with her. She loves him also, but soon notices that he takes little interest in her home life and is not enthusiastic about meeting Andrew. Nevertheless, she accepts his marriage proposal and considers locating to Los Angeles with her son. Upset over Justin's lifestyle, coming and going when he feels like it and refusing to be a traditional husband, Daphne breaks off the engagement. She returns home to declare her love to Matthew, but sees him with another woman and misinterprets their relationship. The flashbacks end and the movie forwards to the present. Matthew rushes to the hospital to see Daphne, who still is in a coma. As she awakens, he admits that he is in love with her, and they get engaged.
16537.0	0.0	"From a prison cell in Madrid, César ([[Eduardo Noriega , a 25-year-old in a prosthetic mask, tells his story to psychiatrist Antonio . Flashbacks reveal the following events: good-looking César is attractive to women. At his birthday party, he flirts with Sofía , the girlfriend of his best friend Pelayo . Later on, he takes her home and stays the night, although they don't sleep together. The next morning, César's obsessive ex-lover Nuria  pulls up outside Sofia's flat and when she spots César leaving in the morning, she offers him a ride back to her apartment to have sex. On the way there, however, she intentionally crashes the car, committing suicide, and César is horribly disfigured, beyond the help of cosmetic surgery. Sofía can't bear to see him like this and goes back to Pelayo. After César's disfigurement, he begins to have a series of disorienting experiences. Drunk, César falls asleep in the street. On awakening, everything has changed: Sofía now claims to love him and the surgeons restore his lost looks. But as he makes love to Sofía one night, she apparently changes into Nuria. Horrified, César smothers her with a pillow, yet finds everyone else believes Nuria was indeed the woman everyone else calls Sofía. While he is confined to the prison, fragments of his past return to him as if in a dream. It is gradually revealed that, shortly after his disfigurement, César contracted with Life Extension, a company specializing in cryonics, to be cryogenically preserved and to experience extremely lucid and lifelike virtual reality dreams. Returning to their headquarters, under supervision by prison officers, he discovers they specialise in cryonics with a twist: ""artificial perception"" or the provision of a fantasy based on the past to clients who are reborn in the future. He had committed suicide at home after sleeping drunk on the street, and was placed in cryonic suspension. His experiences from about the midpoint of the movie onward have been a dream, spliced retroactively into his actual life and replacing his true memories. At the end of the film he elects to wake up and be resurrected. Convinced his life since the drunken night in the street is simply a nightmarish vision created by Life Extension, César leaps from the roof of the company's high-rise headquarters, resolving to open his eyes once more to real life outside the cryonic fantasy."
22349.0	1.0	Caesar is having a hard time dividing his time between his band and his rich girlfriend, Buffer, whose father hates him. Buffer's father calls Caesar in to make a bet: If Caesar gets to make $100,000 within six months, he can have Buffer; if he does not, he is banished from her life.
1395.0	0.0	"The film opens as Eddie Lomax  drives an Indian motorcycle in an open desert plain . Soon enough, the motorcycle breaks down and Eddie dismounts, carrying nothing but his jacket, his .45 pistol, and a bottle of tequilla. As he lies in the desert drinking, he eventually sees his friend Johnny Sixtoes , a Mexican Indian, whom he had sent a postcard notifying him of his arrival. In their conversation, Eddie reveals that the surprise he wrote about in the letter was, in fact, the Indian motorcycle. He also reveals that he's there to kill himself as he goes into a drunken rage, revealing deep regret from their days in the Army, claiming that the souls of those that he killed haunt him. Firing shots off in all directions, he vents his buried feelings to Johnny, and hopes he will ""give him the OK to take a journey"". Soon after the shots are fired, a truck pulls up to Eddie, Johnny disappears, it gets clear that Eddie was hallucinating about him being present. Matt , Jesse ([[Silas Weir Mitchell , and Petey Hogan , sons of Ramsey Hogan  get out of the truck, Matt furious at one of Eddie's drunken shots almost killing him. Eddie staggers to them, not wanting any trouble; Matt, however, insists that he apologize. Matt then proposes that they take the motorcycle, and they'll forget about the gunshot. Eddie persists that the motorcycle is a gift for his friend, telling Matt to get off. Matt seems to comply, until he delivers a cheap blow to Eddie. After a small fight, Eddie is left beaten and shot in his right shoulder. As the brothers stand over Eddie, another truck passes with a local restaurant waitress Dottie  and cook Vern . Dottie expresses extreme concern; Vern, simply drives on, not wanting any trouble from the Hogans. Matt begins to load the motorcycle onto the truck, instructing Jesse to make sure that Eddie is dead. Jesse asks for Eddie's gun from Pete, who took it from the earlier struggle. Being the youngest of the three, Petey insists on doing the job. As Jesse and Matt load the motorcycle, Petey aims at Eddie's head. Eddie's eyes open briefly, which makes Petey uneasy. Two shots ring out, which make Matt and Jesse think that Pete shot Eddie twice. However, Petey froze and simply shot two rounds into the ground. Johnny Six Toes finds Eddie and nurses him back to health. Eddie then comes back to town to recover his pistol from Leon  and Lester  in the pawn shop by killing them. Eddie falls for Rhonda Reynolds , the other waitress and enlists the help of Jubal Early  to help him dispose of the bodies. He then sets the two rival gangs against each other in a bloody path to get his prized motorcycle for Johnny, get his revenge from the Hogans, and ultimately find a reason to carry on living in the end Eddie defeats Jesse and is once on the road with Johnny"
25025.0	0.0	Prabhu , the chairman of Chennai's Government Arts College, is asked by his Principal to invite the Governor of Tamil Nadu, Kakarla Sathyanaryanamoorthy , to be the chief guest on the annual day of the college. When he goes to invite Kakarla, he bumps into his daughter, Shruthi , and instantly falls in love with her. To propose his love for her, he even joins in the same dance class as her. She too subsequently gets to know more about him, and falls in love with him. Since there is considerable fear of terrorism in the state, Kakarla does not permit his daughter to travel anywhere without bodyguards. On one occasion, she manages to give them the slip and runs away with Prabhu at a dance festival. Shortly after there is the threat of a bomb being planted. Shruthi is immediately brought home, and Prabhu is arrested. Shruthi is forbidden to see Prabhu. After being beaten severely, Prabhu is released from police custody. He then goes to meet Shruthi, unaware of the changed circumstances. This is where he finds evidence that will lead him to a hideout of terrorist Mallikarjuna  who is the mastermind of bomb blasts, and joins forces with Kakarla for killing innocent civilians. Whether Prabhu will become a victim or emerge a victor forms the rest of the story.
16517.0	1.0	The film opens into the life of Ammaiyappan Mudaliar , an ordinary middle-class man who makes a simple living as a Central Government clerk. His family, a typical South Indian joint family, includes his dutiful wife Godavari, his oldest son Chidambaram , a junior officer at Indian Oil, and his wife Uma ([[Lakshmi , his second son Siva , a factory worker, his youngest son Bharathi  and his daughter Sarojini . The modest income from his government job barely provides for his family's needs. His sons contribute some amounts in proportion to their incomes. The family gets by, but Ammaiyappan worries for the future. Siva and Sarojini are not yet married, and Bharathi has a bleak future if he does not graduate high school. Sarojini is a particular worry; her beauty and charm are matched by her arrogance and contempt. She summarily rejects any marriage proposal, and her obstinate demeanor causes great concern to Ammaiyappan. Ammaiyappan nonetheless plows on through life hoping for solutions to his difficulties. The community matchmaker brings Ammaiyappan a promising alliance. It is a good family. The groom is a junior officer at BHEL and his father owns a garment shop in the city. The meeting starts off well. But Sarojini, true to form, rejects the alliance and the groom's party abruptly leaves. Ammaiyappan visits them to apologize for the incident. The groom's father turns out to be an understanding and forward thinking man. Looking past Sarojini's immaturity and recognizing Ammaiyappan to be a good and honest man, he offers his daughter Vasantha as a prospective partner for Siva. He declares, as a veiled insult, that his obedient daughter Vasantha will accept his decision. Not outdone, Ammaiyappan quickly accepts with the claim that his son is similarly respectful of his wishes. When Ammaiyappan returns home, Sarojini informs him that she has found her own partner in Peter Fernandes, a Catholic colleague from her work place &mdash; an unthinkable notion for Ammaiyappan and Godavari. But when Ammaiyappan visits Peter's father Albert Fernandes, he is surprised. Albert Fernandes turns out to be compassionate, tolerant and accepting of Sarojini's belligerence. Ammaiyappan agrees to the alliance. Chidambaram remains opposed to Sarojini's choice, but nonetheless obtains a loan to finance her wedding. Sarojini and Peter are married, and Siva and Vasantha are married. After an initial period of honeymoon bliss, the troubles start again. Sarojini returns home late one evening after an office party. When Peter's father questions her, she brashly cites her independence and refuses to answer him. Peter tries to talk to her, but she adamantly turns him off too. After a big fight, she walks out. Back at Ammaiyappan's home, Vasantha is frustrated because her time is increasingly devoted to tutoring Bharathi . She is unable to have any quiet time with Siva, and this is further complicated by the joint family arrangement where personal space is limited anyway. She ends up in a big fight with Siva, and she ultimately walks out. Vasantha returns to an unwelcome reception at her own home. Her father initially tries to reason with her, but when she remains indignant, he firmly instructs her to return to her husband and work out their problems. She finally understands the message and returns home. Siva, who had followed her, reinforces her father's message. However, he clearly prioritizes Bharathi's education over her need for quiet time. She accepts this as a temporary necessity, but remains unhappy nonetheless. There is an unintended side-effect in that Sarojini, having seen how Siva went to fetch his wife, reaffirms her stand to remain away from Peter until Peter crawls back to get her. There is a greater crisis when Chidambaram reduces his monthly contribution to the family fund. He cites reasons of reduced consumption , excess burden  and limited income . Ammaiyappan advises him that the fund is not designed as a mathematical fraction but rather as a communal fund to ensure the family runs smoothly. He reminds Chidambaram that he had spent the largest fractions of his income, without regard to return or reward, on Chidambaram's upbringing and education. Chidambaram disputes these claims. The argument erupts into a terrible fight. Ammaiyappan disowns Chidambaram and kicks him out. Chidambaram refuses to leave until his loans are paid off. Ammaiyappan orders a line to be drawn midway through the house. He banishes Chidambaram to one side of the line and forbids everyone from speaking to Chidambaram. Ammaiyappan declares that Chidambaram must leave when his loans have been repaid. When Uma returns with her new baby, she is shocked to find so many problems. She works with Kannamma ([[Manorama , the longtime household maid and Godavari  to fix these troubles and restore harmony. She starts by visiting Albert Fernandes. On her suggestion, Mr. Fernandes returns to Ammaiyappan's house and starts a loud squabble with Kannamma. Mr. Fernandes brings divorce papers. Sarojini is shaken. Kannamma and Godavari compel her, in the heat of the fight with Mr. Fernandes, to sign the papers. Mr. Fernandes completes the charade by handing her an invitation to Peter's upcoming wedding with another girl. Sarojini finally realizes the gravity of the situation. She returns to Peter and his father. They forgive her and warmly accept her again. Uma's second task is to reconcile Siva and Vasantha. She calls Siva at work and gently rebukes him for not attending to his wife's needs. Siva plans a vacation where he and Vasantha are able to revive their relationship, reaffirm their priorities and return to a new life together. Vasantha continues tutoring Bharathi. Bharathi finally passes his exams. Uma has mixed feelings: she is glad that the troubles have been resolved, but she is sad that Siva and Bharathi, still in compliance with Ammaiyappan's orders, have not spoken a word with her. Finally, Uma tackles the raging conflict between Chidambaram and Ammaiyappan. She scans his expenses and reminds him that costs are actually reduced when items are obtained in larger quantities. She also reminds him that Ammaiyappan does not charge rent. She also reminds him of his filial responsibilities. In the meantime, Kannamma reminds Ammaiyappan that his family is all he has, and that he should think of his children and grandchildren as his legacy and not his adversaries. Chidambaram and Ammaiyappan are finally reconciled. Uma makes her final move when Chidambaram is about to step across the line. She reminds everyone that what started as small arguments ended up as a huge conflict that nearly broke up the family. She suggests that it is best for her and Chidambaram to move out. The house is probably too cramped for two couples  to be comfortable. She promises to visit every weekend and spend time with the family. The film ends with Chidambaram and Uma making regular visits to see everyone.
11268.0	1.0	A high school senior, Y, is friends with another girl who has struck up a correspondence with a middle-aged artist, J. After talking to him on the phone, and determined not to lose her virginity through rape as her two sisters did, she decides to have sex with him and a meeting is arranged at a cheap motel. They have sex almost as soon as they enter the motel; though she is a virgin she gives him oral and anal sex. In their next rendezvous he tells her about his interest in sadomasochism and she allows him to beat her on her buttocks before they have sex again. They arrange regular trysts where he beats her more fiercely and with a wider array of implements. While at first she only goes along to make him happy  she eventually likes being beaten. At home, J's relationship with his wife deteriorates when he begs her to beat him; she refuses, calling him a pervert as we learn that his sexual desires have been a strain on their marriage for years. After an unusually harsh beating Y becomes angry, and he offers to let her beat him. Intrigued, she quickly assumes the dominant role and from then on they take turns beating each other. Their encounters become more frequent; though J pretends to be her art professor, Y's brother discovers the affair and sets fire to J's house. Y cuts her hair and drops out of university and he leaves home, as they live in hotels having sex every night; they carve tattoos onto their inner thighs. When Y's brother dies in a motorcycle accident and J runs out of money, she leaves, though he begs her not to; they go their separate ways as he returns to his wife. Years later we find the man and his wife living together in Paris when he receives a phone call. She is traveling to South America and has a stopover in Paris. They meet in a hotel, where she changes into her old school uniform and beats him with the handle of a pickaxe. they never see each other again; when his wife asks him about the tattoo, he lies.
27478.0	1.0	"A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth's leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter's inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family's home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina's protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth's push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, ""You got to be a spirit. You can't be no ghost."""
17667.0	1.0	"Angus Bethune  is a teenage boy living in Minnesota, who, despite his talents as a football player and in science class, holds deep insecurities about himself. Since kindergarten, Angus has been regularly harassed by handsome Rick Sanford , and his complacent cohorts, for not being ""normal"" due to being overweight and is, in their view, ""named after a cow"". His only friend is Troy Wedberg , who is also a social outcast like him. Angus also had feelings for Melissa Lefevre , though is fearful of expressing it because she is dating Rick. Eventually, tired of the abuse from Rick, Angus applies for a magnet school where he hopes to be free of the constant humiliation. However, well aware of Angus's feelings for Melissa, Rick rigs an election so that Angus and Melissa will dance together in the upcoming freshman Winter Ball as King and Queen, respectively. While confronting Rick about the stunt, Angus is ordered by the principal not to lay a hand on Rick or he would be expelled. To get ready for the dance, Angus gets help from not only Troy, but also his mother Meg , and his narcoleptic Grampa . His grandfather tells him about a dance move called the Irish Swoon that he claims is a guaranteed lady-pleaser, but Angus fears that his largeness makes him an inept dancer and would embarrass both him and Melissa. To fix this, Grampa takes Angus to Madame Rulenska , where despite Angus's best efforts, he comes out worse than before . Later on, despite his request for a black tuxedo and wanting to be normal, Grampa purchases him a plum one. One day after football practice, Angus opens his locker and sees that his favorite pair of boxers are missing. Angus and Troy learn later with their own eyes that Rick hoisted his boxers up the flagpole for the school to see, which then fly squarely onto passerby Melissa's face. Angus storms home in anger, but Rick and company quickly kidnap Troy, asking him for anything that would embarrass Angus at the Winter Ball. Troy refuses their request and tries to escape, only to break his arm as he trips to the floor while Rick gives Troy an ultimatum. Meanwhile, Angus helps Grampa prepare for his marriage to April , a woman thirty years younger than him. As Angus waits with Grampa in his room on the day of the wedding and confides with him about his love for Melissa, he tries to wake him, but he quickly discovers that he is dead. Distraught, Angus opts to stay home for a few days. By that time, fearful that Rick will hurt him even more, Troy gives him the videotape containing the footage of Angus practicing his dancing with an inflatable doll while confessing his feelings for Melissa. Later that week, while cleaning up from the wedding, Angus receives a box from April and opens it, revealing the plum suit that he had earlier rejected. He realizes that his grandfather was right, he needs to stop fearing humiliation from Rick and stand up for himself or nothing will change. Resolved to grant Grampa's wish, Angus rejects an interview from the science school he applied to, wears his plum suit and marches to the school gymnasium, where the dance is held. Outside the school gym, Troy warns him to turn around and leave because Rick has something bad planned for him. Angus refuses and tells him that he's sick of enduring humiliation so he's taking his grandfather's advice by standing up for himself. He meets Melissa, and the two converse for the first time. Angus is surprised when Melissa tells him she is nervous because everyone will be staring at them. As they are introduced to the students, Rick plays Troy's videotape on the monitors, and the students are laughing. A humiliated Melissa runs out of the gym and Angus follows her, very infuriated with Troy for betraying him. Outside the gym, he apologizes, yet surprisingly Melissa shows her disgust with Rick and reveals that she is bulimic. She also mentions that he is very controlling and it is even hinted that he can be abusive. Angus learns that Melissa likes him because he's kind and respectful of others. Finding common ground, the two return to the gym and dance, even as Melissa helps him out with some of the steps. After the two receive a mild reception from the students, Rick scolds Melissa, while Angus comes to her defense. It is here that Angus finally confronts Rick and petitions him to realize that there are in fact many people that do not fit Rick's idea of ""normal"", are unwantingly ostracized for it, and are fed up with the humiliation. Rick refuses Angus' plea by replying ""Whatever I am, it's something you're never gonna be,"" to which Angus replies ""Thank God!"" and turns to leave the gym. The students applaud Angus for taking a stand against Rick and it appears that he has lost his popularity since the students no longer seem to fear him. Before Angus can leave the gym, he is stopped by Melissa, who says she wants another dance with him. Immediately after, Angus meets up with Troy and forgives him while offering Troy to dance with him and Melissa. Troy, overjoyed, wheels around and accidentally punches Rick's nose and breaks it, catching the attention of a girl  who asks for Troy's name. Soon after, Angus walks Melissa home. She smiles and kisses him on the cheek before going into her house, implying the two may have a relationship. As Angus walks away, Melissa watches him from her bedroom window. In the end, having stood his ground, Angus rejects the offer to transfer and Rick is suspended for his videotape prank. Though he had his moment, Angus decides to get another one some day."
12025.0	1.0	Wati, a lovely undergraduate was courting Awie, the famous rock star. They were childhood sweethearts with their parents' blessings. Their relationship was well accepted, except for one person, Azman who is Wati's brother. Azman, with a history of his wife, Maria leaving him for a singer, was against all artistes. Maria later died in a tragic accident and Azman was outraged. Ziana, a nightclub singer had fallen for Awie and tried to lure him. However, the relationship between Wati and Awie remained strong when Awie sang 'Di Ambang Wati' as a symbol of their love. On the other hand, Azman was still trying to break up the pair. When Awie was in misery, Ziana took advantage of seducing Awie. Awie finally fell for Ziana's lust. Knowing this, Wati felt that she was cheated and wanted to call it quits. Nevertheless, the fling between Awie and Ziana did not go far when he realised that his heart was still with Wati.
17618.0	0.0	"The film starts in a courtroom where Janaki  is fighting for divorce from Pandian . She offers various reasons for wanting a divorce. She has married Pandian against the wishes of her rich father Vishwanathan Iyer . But she isn't able to come to terms with living in Pandian's small house without amenities. Pandian is an assistant dance director with a modest income and is not able to spend much time with the family. All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply for divorce, which is granted. The court orders that Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi, once a week and this is his only solace. His daughter, however, loves him a lot and doesn't like the arrangement.  Basha , a friend who works in a hotel as a chef, advises Pandian to steal his daughter from Janaki. Pandian goes about trying to do as his friend suggests. In doing so, he is discovered; and now he cannot meet her at all. Then Pandian finds out that Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised for a woman to look after his granddaughter. Joseph  is a makeup man in films. In conversation with him, Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman, so that he can be with his child and ex-wife without them knowing. Joseph agrees to this plan and the transformation is done from Pandian to 'Avvai Shanmugi'-- a dignified, elderly woman who is hired to take care of the little girl. Rathna  is a girl who is in love with Pandian but is constantly rebuffed. Basha takes up the role of a mute Iyer cook and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi. However, Basha is caught later while doing his namaz, thereby shattering both lies-- that he is mute and an Iyer. Hilarious circumstances follow and slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household of ""her"" sincerity. So much so that Janaki's widowed father begins to develop a liking for Avvai and in fact proposes to ""her"" too! Around the same time, Mudaliyar , the house-owner of the place where Pandian lives, happens to bump into Avvai Shanmugi. This happens many times and Mudaliyar, too, begins to develop a liking for ""her"". Meanwhile Pandian slowly begins to realize that Janaki hasn't totally forgotten him. Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan's proposals by saying that 'her' husband is alive. Adding to the chaos, ""she"" tells Vishwanathan that Joseph is 'her' husband; while Pandian tells Sethurama  -- Vishwanathan's secretary - that Mudaliyar is Avvai's husband. There is much confusion after this, but it is resolved at last. Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan that Janaki's right place is by her husband. While Janaki's father goes off to talk to his estranged son-in-law, Avvai Shanmugi reveals 'her' true self as Pandian to Basha. This is seen by Janaki, who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman. Janaki goes to Pandian's house to reclaim him, but upon seeing Rathna waiting there, and Avvai's clothes lying around, thinks that her husband, too, is promiscuous. Janaki leaves and attempts suicide, but Avvai Shanmugi stops her. Avvai reveals ""her"" identity as Pandian. Janaki and Pandian reconcile."
24076.0	1.0	Melanie Parker  is an architect and divorced single mother to son Sammy . Her day gets off to a bad start when she is late to drop Sammy off at school, due to the forgetfulness of fellow single parent Jack Taylor , a New York Daily News reporter whose daughter Maggie  is thrust into his care that morning by his ex-wife. The children arrive seconds too late to go on a school field trip. Their parents are forced to accept that, on top of hectically busy schedules, they must work together to supervise each other's children. Melanie must make an architectural design presentation to an important client. Jack has to find a source for a scoop on the New York mayor's mob connections. Sammy causes havoc at Melanie's office with toy cars, causing her to trip and break her scale model display. In frustration, Melanie takes Sammy to a child daycare centre , where she comes across Jack trying to convince Maggie to stay and behave herself. They create impromptu costumes for the children, utilising Jack's imagination and Melanie's resourcefulness. Having left for a meeting, Melanie panics when she receives a phone call from Sammy regarding other children and drugs. She phones Jack in desperation to ask him to pick up both kids. He agrees on the condition that she take them at 3:15 while he chases down a potential source. While in Melanie's care, Maggie goes missing. Melanie breaks down in despair at the police station, files a missing child report and goes to a mayoral press conference to find Jack. He is notified by the police that Maggie has been found and makes it to the press conference just in time to confront the mayor with his scoop. Although the two have been antagonistic, Melanie and Jack work together to get both Sammy and Maggie to a soccer game. Melanie insists that she will have time to do her presentation to the new clients, despite Jack protesting that it will make them late for the game. Melanie begins her pitch, but upon seeing Sammy in high spirits, she realises that she cares more about her son than her job. Bravely insisting that she must leave immediately to be with her son, she fully expects to be fired, yet the clients are impressed. At the game, Melanie meets her ex-husband, who admits that he has lied to Sammy and that he is going on tour as a drummer with Bruce Springsteen. That evening, Jack wants a reason to visit Melanie's apartment, so he takes Maggie to buy goldfish to replace the ones that were eaten earlier in the day by a cat. At Melanie's apartment, the children watch TV while Jack and Melanie share an awkward first kiss. Melanie goes to the bathroom to freshen up; when she returns, an exhausted Jack is asleep on the sofa. Melanie joins him and they fall asleep together.
170.0	0.0	"The film is set in 1918. Riyo  is a ""city girl"", who becomes a picture bride to a man who works as a field hand on a sugar cane plantation in Hawaii. The film begins with the death of Riyo's father, which leads Riyo's aunt to make arrangements for Riyo to become a picture bride. As Riyo prepares to be photographed, her aunt shows her a picture of the handsome Matsuji , her husband-to-be in Hawaii. Not only is the photo intended as introduction, but also as a means of confirming that each has found the right partner when they meet for the first time on the docks. However, when Riyo finally arrives in Honolulu, the man who comes to greet her looks nothing like the man in the photo. Matsuji confesses that the photo he sent was old, taken when he was a young man. Riyo goes through with the wedding , and travels out to the sugar plantation which is her new home. As she walks past the darkened fields to their ramshackle house, Riyo hears a faint sound on the wind of a woman singing. When she asks about it, Matsuji half-jokes that the ghosts of the canefields have come to welcome her. That night, they sleep on the same mat, but Riyo fights off his attempts at sexual intimacy and hides beneath a blanket. The next day, after she is given an ID tag to wear around her neck, Riyo goes to work in the sugar cane fields for the first time. As a city girl, she is unfamiliar with farm work and slows the other workers down,leading her to be harassed and ridiculed by Antone  the Luna . Yayoi  prompts Kana  to help the Riyo learn. Kana is a young picture bride who had arrived several years before. Later, Riyo finds out that Kana's husband, Kanzaki  frequently beats her and goes out gambling. To escape the abuse, at night Kana often brings her baby and sleeps in the fields, singing. One night, after an argument with Matsuji, Riyo runs off into the fields and discovers Kana. Riyo gains Kana's trust, and agrees to help the other woman with her side business doing laundry for the workers. Riyo begins industriously doing laundry work and saving all her earnings in a tin can, determined to earn her passage back to Japan. Matsuji begins drinking and gambling, saying that he intends to win enough money to get another bride. Kana advises Matsuji to become romantic, and to take Rudolf Valentino as a role model in the task of winning Riyo's heart. Antone the luna starts to drive the workers to do more work in order to meet the harvest in time. The women's leader, Yayoi, leaves with her family to Honolulu. As she leaves, she asks Kana to take care of the other women caneworkers. In the fields, Kana and the other mothers are constantly worried about their children, who must be left, under a sunshade in the field when the parents are working. Kana tries to stand up against Antone to get the kids moved closer when the workers go to a new field. He threatens to use his whip on the workers, as he had done 'in the old days.' Preparatory to harvesting, cane fields are set on fire to burn off the leaves. Antone, in a hurry to get the job done, orders the fire to be set before the women can retrieve their children. In the meantime, Kana's baby daughter, Kei, has wandered into the fields. Kana rushes into the burning field to find her daughter, and both are lost. The workers talk about waging a strike. Meanwhile, Riyo continues to hear the sound of a woman singing in the canefields. One night, she leaves the house to follow the sound, and Matsuji follows her. He accuses her of having a secret lover and a chase ensues. Then, Riyo admits that her parents had died of tuberculosis, which at that time carried tremendous social stigma. Although Riyo herself was healthy, the matchmaker had lied to Matsuji about his bride-to-be's outcast status. That night, when Riyo tentatively reaches out to him as they lie in bed, he brusquely turns away. Betrayed, the next day Riyo gathers her savings and a few belongings and runs away, eventually finding herself at the ocean. Riyo falls asleep there. She is awakened by the sound of singing, and glimpses a woman walking among the shoreline rocks. She runs after the vision, and encounters Kana, who says she is leaving for Japan. When Riyo asks to go with her, Kana criticizes her, not unkindly: ""Who waiting for you there?"" Then, as Yayoi had done when she left the plantation, Kana hands her neck tag to Riyo and tells her ""Take care of the girls."" Kana turns to walk toward the sea, fading out of sight. Riyo awakes from her sleep, and finds Kana's neck tag in her hand. She returns to the plantation and to her house, where she finds Matsuji drunk. She puts him to bed, and he looks at her, saying ""I thought I was all alone again."" Later that night, she hesitantly reaches out to touch his hand, and he reaches back; they embrace. The next day, Riyo surprises the other workers when she begins singing in the fields, as had Kana and Yayo. Antone tries to make fun of her, but she continues singing more strongly, and he realizes that she has picked up the mantle of leadership. Matsuji makes a gift to Riyo of a Buddhist altar, so she can honor her parents. She is touched at his acceptance of her past. The film ends as Riyo, Matsuji, and the other workers dance in a circle at a lively Bon Festival. In a closing voiceover , an older Riyo describes how she still imagines at times that she hears a woman's voice singing, but then realizes it is the voice of Riyo's own daughter as she sings to her children."
16009.0	1.0	Peter Weller plays a wealthy American businessman living in Paris who falls in love with a fashion model  and decides to test her love by giving up his fortune.
9999.0	0.0	"The director  is flying to Italy following the conclusion of his latest film. On the airplane, as he looks out beyond the clouds, he begins to think about his next film and the art of filmmaking. Upon landing, he drives through the night through thick fog, with people appearing and disappearing like apparitions. ;Story of a Love Affair that Never Existed In Ferrara, Italy, Silvano  meets Carmen  and asks her where he can find a room for the night. She directs him to a hotel where she is staying. After checking in, Silvano sees her in the hotel restaurant and joins her. Silvano learns that Carmen is a teacher. They are attracted to each other, but they retire to their separate rooms. She undresses and waits for him, but he never comes. The next morning, he finds that she has checked out of the hotel. Two years later in a movie theater in Ferrara, Silvano sees Carmen again and later approaches her outside. As they walk past the Castello Estense, she speaks of words that need to be spoken, but he says the only words worth speaking are hidden inside. Silvano walks Carmen to her home, where she reveals that she lived with a man for a year, and only recently he left her. ""Words do us good,"" she tells Silvano, ""even in writing. A woman expects them. She always does."" Although seemingly attracted to Silvano, Carmen rebufs his attempted kiss, and he leaves. Later he returns to her room, they undress, and he passes his hand over her skin as if unable to touch her. They move to kiss, but they do not kiss. Finally, he leaves without making love to her. Out in the street, he looks back at her watching from a window. ;The Girl, The Crime ... The director visits a deserted beach on a dreary day. The wind sweeps the sand across the beach. He finds an old photograph of a seaside town cradled on a hillside. In Portofino, Italy, while exploring the quaint passageways above town, the director encounters a beautiful woman  and follows her to a seaside clothing shop where the woman works. In the shop, she gives him a look of recognition. They do not speak, but seem drawn to each other. As the director leaves, she gestures to him but he does not respond. Some time later, the woman meets her friend at the Caffè Excelsior, but notices the director sitting nearby. She approaches him and confesses, ""I killed my father. I stabbed him twelve times,"" and then walks away. The director follows and they talk about the killing that took place a year prior, for which she spent three months in jail before being acquitted. She takes him to the ""scene of the crime"" at the waterfront. Conflicted by her feelings for the director, she says, ""You remind me of—somebody."" They walk to her apartment and make love. Later, the director sits at a pool above the town contemplating the woman's story and its impact on the film he is writing. ;Don't Try to Find Me In a Paris café, a young woman  approaches a man  sitting by himself. She wants to talk with someone about a magazine article she just read. The man is enchanted by the young woman's story. Three years later, the man returns home after seeing the young woman, who is by now his mistress. His wife, Patricia , confronts her husband with an ultimatum: he must choose between them. When he goes to break up with his mistress, they end up making love. He returns home to find his wife drunk. ""Everything seems ridiculous,"" she tells him. He assures her that he will leave his mistress, and they make love for the first time in three years. The husband returns to his mistress who becomes jealous when she learns that he slept with his wife. They fight, but again they end up making love. Meanwhile, Carlo  returns to his high-rise apartment to find it empty. He gets a phone call from his wife who has just emptied the apartment of most of their belongings and left him. After a brief angry exchange she hangs up on him. Looking around the apartment he sees a picture of his wife naked that she had ripped up before leaving. Patricia arrives at the apartment which she has just rented from Carlo's wife. Patricia has just left her husband and is expecting their furniture to arrive shortly—she too has emptied her husband's home. Carlo reveals that his wife left him for her lover because he was away too often on business. Patricia then gets a phone call from her husband, and she tells him, ""Don't try to find me."" Carlo and Patricia approach each other and he says, ""There's a cure for everything."" Patricia responds, ""That's what disturbs me."" He kisses her hand gently. In the French countryside, a man pulls a woman from the railroad tracks as a train passes. On the train the director considers the ""limits of our brains, of our experience, of our culture, of our inspiration, of our imagination, of our sensitivity."" A woman enters his compartment, gets a phone call, and says, ""Don't call me again."" Meanwhile, on a nearby hill, an artist  is painting the very landscape the train is passing through. He explains to a woman the value of copying from the masters. ;This Body of Filth In Aix-en-Provence, the director is contemplating the paintings in his hotel lobby when he notices a man entering the building across the street to deliver architectural drawings. When he reemerges, the man, Niccolo , passes a young woman  in the doorway and decides to follow her. He asks if he can accompany her, and she tells him she's going to church. Niccolo is surprised that this quiet woman has little to say and seems uninterested in the world around her. She tells him that to be happy we need to eliminated pointless thoughts—that she prefers the quiet. As they walk along the cobblestone streets, the young woman tells Niccolo that she longs to escape her body, that it needs too much and is never satisfied. Niccolo seems more interested in her body. When she does not respond to his romantic approaches, he observes that she looks like someone who is in love, like someone who is satisfied. She acknowledges that she is. When they arrive at the Church of Saint-Jean-de-Malte, the young woman enters the church, and he follows her inside. During the service, the young woman appears deeply spiritual as the choir sings. Detached and bored, Niccolo walks around like a tourist gazing up at the architecture before sitting down away from the congregation. Later Niccolo wakes up in the now empty church following the service. He runs out into the dark streets looking for the young woman, finding her at a well. They talk about the impermanence of things. He admits that he is scared of death, and she tells him she is scared of life—the life people lead. Niccolo accompanies the young woman home, stopping in an entranceway to escape the rain. Asked what would happen if he fell in love with her, she responds, ""You'd be lighting a candle in a room full of light."" When they reach her apartment, he asks to see her the next day. She replies simply, ""Tomorrow I enter a convent."" Niccolo walks out into the night and the rain."
2172.0	0.0	"The film, starring Emma Thompson in the title role, focuses on her unusual relationship with the author Lytton Strachey, played by Jonathan Pryce, as well as with other members of the Bloomsbury Group. The film is divided into 6 chapters.  # Lytton & Carrington 1915: During the Great War, Lytton Strachey is travelling to the country and staying at Vanessa Bell's house. There he meets Carrington for the first time but confuses her with a boy and does not hide his disappointment. Lytton is due to face a hearing with the military due to his open opposition to the war. While taking a hike through the countryside, he tries to kiss Carrington but she refuses him. Early in the morning, she walks into his bedroom with the intent of cutting his beard off, but stops at the last minute in contemplation of him sleeping and falls in love with him. # Gertler 1916–1918: Mark Gertler tries to have sex with Carrington, but she refuses, since she thinks that he is only interested in her sexually. Gertler turns to Lytton for aid in wooing her, while trying to help him she falls more deeply in love with him and although he does not fully requite her, he does have feelings for her. While on a trip to Wales he proposes that they live together, acting on this, Carrington searches for a house and finds and refurbishes Mill House in Tidmarsh. When Gertler finds out that Carrington and Lytton are moving in together he attacks the couple. # Partridge 1918–1921: Carrington later meets and falls in love with Ralph Partdrige, who has come back from the war. On their first dinner together, Ralph expresses his rather one-sided point of views which are contrary to Lytton's, nevertheless the rugged man appeals to him. Lytton goes on vacation to Italy, Ralph has made very clear his intent of marrying Carrington or leaving altogether to Bolivia to run a sheep farm. Knowing that if Ralph is no longer with him, Lytton will move out of Mill House, she marries Ralph and in their honeymoon they meet with Lytton in Venice. Ralph introduces his friend Gerald Brenan to Lytton and Carrington. Brenan is planning to leave for Spain in order to improve his education and takes a liking to Carrington, which is mutual. Lytton is successful in the publication of Eminent Victorians and manages to become a man of means. The war ends. # Brenan 1921–1923: Although he tries to be loyal to his friend Ralph, Gerald and Carrington carry on an affair and have to skulk about to avoid being caught. Gerald leaves for Spain insisting that Carrington run off with him. She refuses but they continue the relationship until they get caught by Ralph, Lytton manages to avoid the break-up and secretly aids the couple to continue their affair until it ends by itself. # Ham Spray House 1924–1931: Lytton buys Ham Spray and Carrington, he and Ralph move in. Ralph now is in a relationship with Frances Marshall and Lytton is in a relationship with Roger, a younger man from Oxford, while Carrington is carrying on an affair with Beacus, a strapping seaman who has little to say and keeps trying to change Carrington to fit his fantasies but later admits that he is not attracted to her sexually. Carrington becomes pregnant by Beacus but has an abortion. Lytton takes an apartment in London where he intends to live with Roger, but it becomes clear that the relationship shall not be long-lived. # Lytton 1931–1932: Roger and Lytton break up. During a tea party Lytton suddenly becomes ill; Carrington initially is optimistic but afterwards it becomes evident that he will not recover. Carrington tries to commit suicide by locking herself in the garage with the car motor running but is rescued by Ralph. When Lytton finally dies, surrounded by Ralph, Carrington and Gerald, he states ""If this is dying, I do not think very much of it."" Carrington is utterly depressed but manages to keep her spirits up and convinces Ralph that she needs to be alone, once they have left, she burns all of Lytton's personal possessions and takes a gun and finally manages to kill herself."
14175.0	0.0	"The NDR series robot ""Andrew""  is introduced in 2005 into the Martin family home to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. The family's reactions range from acceptance and curiosity to outright rejection and deliberate vandalism by their surly older daughter Grace , which leads to the discovery that Andrew can both identify emotions and reciprocate in kind. When Andrew accidentally breaks a figurine belonging to ""Little Miss"" Amanda , he carves a replacement out of wood. The family is astonished by this creativity and “Sir” Richard Martin  takes Andrew to his manufacturer, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company  sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew. Angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development, encouraging Andrew to educate himself in the humanities. Years later, following an accident in which Andrew's thumb is accidentally cut off, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, ensuring first that Andrew's personality will remain unharmed. Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be upgraded to allow him to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express. The CEO informs them that upgrade modification will be very expensive -- in fact, larger than the sum he earns in an entire year -- the price is well within the Martins' means, comprising a month of Andrew's income from the sale of his carpentry and other woodworks and crafts. After the wedding of Little Miss , Andrew realizes there are no more orders for him to run. He eventually asks for his freedom, much to Martin's dismay. He grants the request, but banishes Andrew so he can be ""completely"" free. As Andrew leaves, Martin comments that he has stopped referring to himself as ""one"". Andrew builds himself a home at the beach and lives alone. In 2048, Andrew sees Martin one last time on his deathbed. Martin apologizes for banishing him as he silently says his goodbye to Andrew who states it was an honor serving him. After help from Little Miss' reluctant son Lloyd Charney , Andrew goes on a quest to locate more NDR series robots to discover if others have also developed sentience. After years of failure, he finds Galatea , an NDR robot that has been given feminine attributes and personality. These however are simply aspects of her programming and not something which she developed as with Andrew. Galatea is owned by Rupert Burns , son of the original NDR robot designer. Rupert works to create a more human look for robots, but is unable to attract funding. Andrew agrees to finance the research and the two join forces to give Andrew artificial human face and hair. He also maintains contact with Little Miss over the years. In 2068, Andrew comes back to greet Little Miss but instead meets Portia Charney , her granddaughter  who looks exactly like a younger Little Miss. The now aged Little Miss explains to Andrew that it's a genetic likeness that skipped a generation. In 2070, Andrew comes to the hospital to see Little Miss one last time, he notices the horse he carved for her when she was young. She silently passes away, and Andrew feels the pain of not being able to cry and realizes that every human being he cares for will eventually die. Over time, Andrew and Rupert begin to study medicine and designs mechanical equivalents of human organs, including a central nervous system, which eventually allows Andrew to acquire tactile sensations. Meanwhile, his friendship with Portia evolves into romance. At first, Portia is uncertain about ""investing her emotions in a machine"" and almost marries someone else, but Andrew confronts her about her emotions and they eventually engage in a romantic and sexual relationship. Upon realizing that his relationship with Portia would never be socially accepted, Andrew petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would also allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected; the Speaker of the Congress explains that society can tolerate an everlasting machine, but argues that an immortal human would create too much jealousy and anger for him to be with another human being and he is declared a machine from that day on. In 2120, a physically middle-aged Portia decides that she doesn't want to have her life forever prolonged by Andrew's medical inventions, Andrew realizes that when she dies, he wouldn't want to live on without her. He works with an elderly Rupert to introduce blood into his system and to cause his brain to decay, thereby allowing him to age; Rupert officially welcomes him to the human condition, as it then becomes unknown when exactly Andrew would die. Around 2150 to 2160, an old and frail Andrew attends the World Congress a second time to petition to be declared a human being while a physically elderly Portia watches for support. In 2205, Andrew and Portia are on their death bed as they watch as the Speaker of the World Congress announces on television the court's decision: that Andrew Martin is officially recognized as human, and that aside from ""Methuselah and other Biblical figures,"" is the oldest human being in history at the age of two hundred years. The Speaker also validates his marriage with Portia. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast, and Portia orders their nurse--a now human-looking Galatea --to unplug her life support machine. The film ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him ""See you soon."""
6843.0	0.0	"Freddie  is a former stripper marrying Sam  to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red. But Freddie is in love with Jjaks , Sam's brother. Jjaks and Freddie run off together, and Sam finds where they have been hiding and calls the cops. Meanwhile someone calls to blackmail Sam and Jjaks. Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjak's car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks. Sam partially admits his crime to a waiter in the local diner. Jjaks hastily avoids being caught by the police, and eventually Sam ends up shooting and killing Red  when he threatens Sam. Sam confronts Jjaks and Freddie, who had survived the wound, in a hotel room. Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks and Freddie try to defend themselves. A corrupt Detective, Ben Costikyan  enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth. A few months later, Ben is arrested in his underwear inside his mansion. Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out. Jjaks remembers Freddie's dream: that she wants to live in Las Vegas. He hitchhikes there and she romantically says ""What took you so long?"" They embrace each other."
14360.0	0.0	Sam Alexander , a fun loving automobile workshop cum garage owner is more keen in scripting and directing plays than running his business. A theater addict, Sam, along with his friends, Pappu Mesthiri , Mammoonju , and Preman , is now working on Shakuntahlam, the famous play by Kalidas. Gracy Kutty , his mother is too worried with his easy going and careless attitude towards life. With one day, the main actress ([[Kalpana  who was supposed to play the role of Shakunthala eloping with Krishnan Kutty , a fellow artist, Sam is busy searching for a new face to enact Shakunthala. Accidentally, one day, he meets up with Sridevi Menon ([[Kanchan , with whom he fell in love with. He attempts all methods to woo her and finally she falls in. Sam casts her as Sahkunthala in his drama and she unwillingly agrees for it without the knowledge of her parents. Sreedevi, daughter of Meledath Vishwanatha Menon, of the rich businessman in the city, thus acts in the drama, but on way back home, both Sam and Sreedevi are caught red handed by Vishnu Menon ([[Devan , her brother. Ravindran Nair ([[Vijayakumar , the I.G.of police, and friend of Menon had plans of getting his son Rajkumar  married to Sreedevi, so that he could own up a huge part of the business empire. With the help of Ravindran Nair, Sam is beaten up by police. Once out of jail, both Sam and Sreedevi elopes away and spend a few days away from the worries. In mean time, the duo are again caught by Menon. Sam is arrested for kidnapping Sreedevi and is jailed. At jail, he comes to know that Sreedevi is pregnant with his kid, but has no way to save the kid. Upon knowing that Sreedevi is pregnant, she is transferred to a distant place. Once, she gives birth to a baby boy, the attitude of Menon and Vishnu changes and they started looking upon him as their heir. But, sensing danger, Ravindran Nair sends Rajkumar to kidnap and kill the kid. Vishnu realizes the plan of Rajkumar and tries to save his sister and kid. In meantime, Sam escapes from jail and reaches out the house where Sreedevi stays. She attempts to commit suicide in bid to escape from Kumar, but is saved miraculously by Sam, who makes a dramatic entry. He defeats Kumar and saves the kid. Menon and Vishnu happily get both united.
33657.0	1.0	Social worker Nina Borowski  is a bright young woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment. Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance  and her husband, Sidney . There Nina meets George Hanson , a young, handsome, and gay first grade teacher. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince . During the conversation, Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend, Dr. Robert Joley , that George is looking for somewhere to live. George, not knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party the two split up. George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment. The two soon become best friends; they watch films together and go ballroom dancing. Everything is perfect until Nina announces that she is pregnant. Vince  wants to marry her, but his constant care drives Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child. For some time, they live together in her apartment in Brooklyn. Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe he might change his ways. One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he has missed him and invites him away for the weekend. George is confused but agrees to go. Nina feels threatened and gets jealous. George and Robert do not get back together, but George meets Paul James , a young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex. Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody. She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George if he would return as well. She is mugged on the way back through the city, and then gets a ride home from a friendly police officer, Louis . Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor, Rodney, over for Thanksgiving. Paul stays the night and has sex with George, resulting in a fallout between George and Nina. The following day, they start arguing again at George's brother's wedding. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he wants to be with Paul. A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a beautiful girl whom she names Molly. Vince comes to visit the hospital, ecstatic, but, soon after arriving, he leaves to fill out paperwork leaving Nina and George alone with Molly. Nina asks George when he plans to move out to which he replies that he doesn't know. She asks him to please move out of her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he doesn't love her. The end of the film takes place at George's school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and George is with Paul, both of them now happy. The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly   walk together down the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee.
7402.0	0.0	"Gangster Benjamin ""Bugsy"" Siegel , who works for the New York mob, goes to California and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill , a Hollywood starlet. The two meet for the first time, when Ben visits his friend, the actor George Raft, on a movie-studio set. He buys a house in Beverly Hills from opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, planning to stay while his wife and two daughters remain in the New York suburb of Scarsdale. As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna. Mickey Cohen robs Dragna's office one day, and is confronted by Siegel. Dragna claimed losses of $56,000; Cohen admits to robbing $42,000. Siegel theorizes he should be in business with the guy that did the robbery, not the guy that got robbed. Mickey Cohen is put in charge of the betting casinos; Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben, that Jack stole $14,000 from the New York Associates, and is told he now answers to Cohen. A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house. ""Everybody needs a fresh start,"" says Ben, to the departing Dragna. A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to the dinner table to eat his cold scampi. After having had an earlier argument about Virginia's sexual trysts with drummer Gene Krupa, and a variety of bull fighters, Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben, in the dining room. On a trip to Nevada to visit a dive gambling joint, Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert. He acquires funding from head mobster Meyer Lansky  and other New York mobsters who approve the deal for $1 million. The funds are approved when the associates make an unannounced visit to Siegel at his Scarsdale, New York Home. Ben is caught in the middle of preparations for his daughter Milllicent's birthday celebration. His wife, Esta, is full of marital frustration; Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday; Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben's Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben's obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini. Bugsy puts Virginia in charge of accounting and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $6 million. Bugsy tries everything to ensure it gets made, even selling his share of the casino and most of his belongings. Bugsy returns to the East Coast for the party for Charlie's trip to Italy. Charlie says ""Congratulations Ben. Virginia will make a great wife. But I hope you know what you're doing."" Bugsy pummels Joey A. at the party, for a previous insult made regarding Virginia. Bugsy is visited in Los Angeles by former associate Harry Greenberg. Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself. Harry has also run out of money, from a combination of his gambling habits, and being extorted by the prosecutors who want his testimony. Ben is Harry's last and only friend. We don't see Ben kill Harry, but there is a gunshot, while Virginia waits in the car. Ben and Esta are out to dinner in a restaurant with their two daughters. Ben suggests that maybe the anticipated move to California is not such a good idea. Esta and Ben have a confrontation in the women's restroom, away from earshot of the children. ""You want a divorce! Say it!! You want a divorce!"" Esta screams in Ben's face, slapping him several times. Ben has a guilty look on his face, as he watches their cab drive away from the restaurant. Bugsy is arrested for Harry Greenberg's murder. But incarceration is short. The only witness is a cab-driver who dropped off Harry in front of Ben's Beverly Hills house. The cab driver is escorted to the train station by Mickey Cohen. Meyer is waiting for Ben outside the jail. Meyer has a satchel of money that he gives to Ben. ""Charlie doesn't have to know about it,"" he tells Ben. But he also tells Ben, ""I can't protect you anymore."" Upset about the costs, the fact that the casino is a failure, and that $2 million of the budget is unaccounted for, Meyer Lansky asks Bugsy to meet him in Los Angeles. Bugsy discovers that Virginia stole the money but tells her to ""keep it and save it for a rainy day"" rather than return it. He then calls Lansky and tells him never to sell his share of the casino and that he'll live to thank him someday. While in his home back in L.A. later that night, Bugsy is killed by several gunshots. Virginia is told the news back in Las Vegas and becomes upset, rushing out of the casino. The final text before the credits states that she returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide at some point after that. It also states that by 1991 the $6 million invested in Bugsy's dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $100 billion."
3886.0	1.0	"In this movie, Dudley ""Booger"" Dawson  is getting married to his Omega Mu girlfriend Jeannie , but the father of the bride tries to stop them, as he is not keen on welcoming the likes of Booger into his family, despite the fact Dudley would be a good husband to Jeannie as they share many common interests. Jeannie's father works with his loathsome son-in-law Chip  to find a way to discredit Booger and cause Jeannie to call off the wedding. Lewis Skolnick and the other nerds discover the conspiracy and work to save Booger's wedding ceremony from being torpedoed. In a subplot, Lewis' wife Betty is pregnant with their first child, and is in her third trimester as the wedding date approaches. A part of the plot where Booger is trying to find the origin of the accusation that he fathered an illegitimate child reveals that Dudley Dawson was born in Akron, Ohio. The child is from Sandusky, Ohio, where Booger spent much of his life. In the end, Jeannie's mom tells her husband that she will leave him if he does not support his daughter's wedding to Booger, and Chip's accusations fall apart when the little girl reveals she was ""drafted"" from an orphanage to play the illegitimate child role. Chip's wife decides to divorce him and throw him out of their lives forever, leaving Chip to swear his own revenge against the nerds. In the end, Booger and Jeannie are married, Betty gives birth to a healthy baby boy, and the newly married couple tell Heidie, the little orphan girl, they would like to adopt her."
2220.0	0.0	{{Expand section}} Two men return home to Indiana after they served time in the Army during the Korean War.
18289.0	0.0	"Rohan Khanna  is a jobless graduate living with his grandfather  and his mother . Rohan has been tirelessly looking for a decent job without success. One day, Rohan's neighbor, Ranjit arrives to bring his parents to America. Ranjit lives in America, owns a motel, a home, a car, and is married to an American woman. He wishes to keep his parents in America to live in peace. After listening to Rohan's desire for a job, he suggests that Rohan should move to America. Ranjit promises Rohan success and Rohan is immediately persuaded. He tells his mother and grandfather of his wish and they are abruptly reminded of Rohan's late father, Balraj Khanna  who left his wife and son for America after a bitter argument with his father. In a bus accident, Balraj was killed leaving Rohan orphaned and his mother widowed. To avoid the same fate of his son, Rohan's grandfather prepares Rohan's visa for America. Rohan arrives in America and immediately meets Sardar Khan , a Pakistani man who drives a taxi. Rohan's good manners and friendly personality wins Sardar over as he drives Rohan to Ranjit's hotel. Rohan does not have any spare cash to pay Sardar so he asks Sardar to stay while he asks Ranjit for the taxi fare. He is shocked when Ranjit does not give him money or a place to stay saying that Rohan has to be able to help himself. Sardar overhears the two arguing. Rohan looks and sees that Ranjit's father and mother are working at the hotel and facing verbal abuse from Ranjit's wife. This is not the peace that Ranjit had promised his parents. Sardar offers Rohan a place to stay much to the dismay of his roommate, Iqbal Singh , a Punjabi man from India. Rohan is allowed to stay with Iqbal and Sardar with the persuasion of Chaurasia (Satish Kaushik. Chaurasia runs an Indian restaurant and betel leaf shop. Rohan is given a job as a taxi driver. One day, while making routes near the airport, he picks up a young Indian woman named Pooja . Pooja has just arrived in America to live with her older brother and his wife. Much to the shock of Pooja, her brother only brought her here because his boss had seen a picture her and had fallen in love. Pooja's brother insists that she marry his boss. In anger, she leaves his home without money and nowhere to go. Rohan sees Pooja crying and offers her a place to stay with Iqbal and Sardar. Iqbal and Sardar discover that Pooja and Rohan have brought happiness into their house: They give them a place in their home and in their hearts. Iqbal, Sardar, and Chaurasia pitch in to provide jobs for the newcomers. They are also acquainted with PC Jack Patel  who is a police inspector on weekdays and a Hindu priest on weekends. He observes both jobs faithfully by preserving American law and Hindu values. Pooja and Rohan begin to work at a Dunkin' Donuts but, after a tussle with some customers who tried to harass Pooja, they are fired. This protective relationship between Rohan and Pooja causes Pooja to fall in love with him deeply much to the happiness of Iqbal and Sardar. Rohan finds a job at a gas station; Pooja remains unemployed. One day at Chaurasia's restaurant, Rohan becomes frustrated with his lack of progress and Chaurasia advises Rohan to get a Green Card by marrying an NRI girl. Rohan and Pooja go to an Indian dance to search for an NRI girl much to Pooja's disapproval. There, Rohan meets the seductive Loveleen  and he falls in love with her immediately. Pooja, Iqbal, and Sardar do everything to keep Loveleen away from Rohan until Rohan becomes aggravated and tells the three to stay away from him and Loveleen. Iqbal tells Pooja to follow Rohan and Loveleen to Seaside Heights and declare her love for him. She is rejected by Rohan and he later tells her to stay away from him. Iqbal and Sardar accuse him of being consumed by money. Rohan tells them that they are envious of his progress. Iqbal tells Rohan that one day he will regret his decision and come back to Pooja. Rohan leaves the house for Loveleen in rage. T forget Rohan, Pooja finds a job as a caretaker for a rich Indian man who is ill. He is Balraj Khanna, Rohan's estranged father who has not died. Balraj has been living in New York with his son, Karan. Karan's mother left Balraj when Karan was very young. Karan has grown to be a spoiled and arrogant young man who is friends with Loveleen. He consistently asks his father for money to spend for his enjoyment. He even took a loan from Marko, a dangerous drug dealer, and Karan has not paid him back. To pay back his debts, he is assigned to transport drugs around the country. Balraj takes a liking to Pooja and considers her as a daughter. He wants to keep her in his home so he asks her to consider marrying Karan. Karan and Pooja are against the idea. Meanwhile, Rohan is beginning to realize that Loveleen's American culture deeply goes against his and he begins to regret his decision. He becomes fed up with her ways and realizes he is really in love with Pooja. He leaves Loveleen with no where to go because of his poor decisions. Jack Patel forces Iqbal, Sardar, and Rohan to reconcile and they forgive Rohan for his mistakes. Rohan sets out to ask Pooja for forgiveness. She is in Springfield with Balraj, and Rohan arrives there to meet her. After a confrontation between Rohan and Pooja, Rohan tells her that they will go back home to India together: ""Aa Ab Laut Chalen"" . Pooja forgives Rohan and Rohan gives her a locket with a picture of his mother inside saying that it is a promise that he will marry her. Pooja tells Balraj that she has fallen in love with a man named Rohan and he encourages her love for him. Meanwhile, Karan becomes desperate for the money so he decides to marry Pooja. After violently urging her to marry him, her locket falls on the ground and Balraj picks it up. When handing it to her, he sees Rohan's mother and his wife. He realizes that Rohan is his son but does not tell Pooja. After hearing that he is unemployed, he tells Pooja that he will give Rohan a job in his company. But he fears that his son will not accept him as a father because he left him and his mother back in India. Rohan accepts the job and is deeply grateful to Balraj. He wishes for a chance to meet him. Balraj continues his generosity from afar by giving Rohan a $5000 bonus. Rohan returns to Ranjit's motel and frees Ranjit's parents by paying for their tickets to India. Ranjit is arrested by Jack Patel for keeping his parents' passports. Rohan spends the rest of his money buying gifts for his friends including Iqbal, Sardar, and Chaurasia. His mother is happy to know that Rohan has found the love of his life and a decent job. One day, Rohan is invited to a party where that Balraj will attend. When Rohan meets Balraj, he is stunned to realize that Balraj is his father and very much alive. He reacts in anger and tells him that he has left his mother a widow and his son an orphan. Balraj openly confesses to everyone that he has left his wife and son in India and does not deserve everyone's respect. Balraj reveals that after he arrived in America, he went back to India to find his family but he could not. Hence, he married another woman. Rohan cannot bring himself to forgive his father because he has caused his mother's suffering. Balraj insists to speak to his wife to ask for firgivenss. Rohan calls his mother to tell her that her husband is still alive. She immediately forgives Balraj and asks them to come back to India. Karan emerges saying that if Balraj leaves for India, he has to leave his fortunes to Karan in America. Balraj refuses and tries to slap Karan, but Karan stops him. Karan tries to slap Balraj but Rohan stops him. Rohan and Balraj embrace and Balraj tells Karan he will give all his property to him but he will not be his father. Balraj, Rohan, and Pooja all leave for India. They say their goodbyes to Iqbal and Sardar as well. Suddenly, PC Jack Patel arrives with Karan. Turns out that Karan has turned in important information about Marko to the officials. Karan tells Balraj that he does not want the wealth but he wants to return to India with the rest of his family. Rohan and Balraj accept Karan and the family leaves for India. We later see Rohan's mother welcoming Balraj, Rohan, Pooja, and Karan in their home and they finally live happily together."
34555.0	1.0	"After completing his studies in London, Shakti Thakur  returns to the small Indian town where his family resides. Accompanying him is his leggy girlfriend, Anita , whom he is in love with and wants to marry, much to the disapproval of his family. After a few days, Shakti starts to feel that nothing much has changed in this part of India and longs to leave. He tells his father that he would like to sell his share in the family land and would open Restaurant business and settle with his girlfriend, to this his Father urges him to stay in the village and uplift it with his education, by saying ""A man gets Education not to become a selfish being but to uplift his uneducated brothers and society"". Shakti does not agree with his father and decides to leave. He is unable to bear the animosity between the townspeople in general and in particular between his Zamindar dad, Raja Thakur , and rival Zamindar Birju , none other than Raja's crippled brother. When Anita leaves town to meet her parents, Shakti wants to follow her; his plans change suddenly when his father passes away, and the region is ravaged by unprecedented natural calamities. At this moment Shakti realizes that his village needs him more than anyone else, He realizes that with his modern education he can uplift his backward village. During one of his attempt to solve the village's problem he meets village belle, Gehna ([[Tabu . By a twist of destiny, Shakti has to marry Gehna in order to save her from disgrace. Anita returns to find that nothing is the same anymore. She finds that, Shakti has turned from her lover boy to a mature and responsible family man, for whome his village's upliftment is everything. She returns home. The film strongly depicts the true meaning of Education ""A tool to uplift uneducated people and use education for social welfare""."
5614.0	1.0	 The story begins as George Sand quits her marital home and arrives in Paris with her two children. Meanwhile the young poet and dandy Alfred de Musset is busy making a name for himself both as a womaniser and a talented poet and critic. Sand and Musset first meet at a literary dinner and quickly recognise in each other a like minded love of literature. At first their relationship remains platonic, but soon the pair embark on a tumultuous affair that will lead them to Venice and the creation of their finest works of literature.
26892.0	1.0	"Mickey Gordon is a professional basketball referee who flies to Paris to bury his father but is detained because his father's casket is missing. Ellen Andrews, an employee of American Airlines, assists Mickey in retrieving the lost casket. She attends the funeral and they fall in love in the streets of Paris, but are separated when Mickey has to go back to America after his leave of absence. They return to the reality of their normal lives, but cannot seem to forget Paris. Mickey and Ellen ultimately reunite and marry, but do not ""live happily ever after"" . They deal with common marriage issues such as: her father moving in with them, failed attempts at child conception, and each spouse unsuccessfully attempting a professional change to accommodate the other. The film is told mostly in flashback by friends of the couple who gather at a restaurant. It delves into the hardships of marriage and keeping the romance alive in a relationship."
14899.0	1.0	"George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter's ascension from daughter to wife, and now, to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life. As the comfortable family unit starts to unravel in his mind, a rapid progression into mid-life crisis is in his future. His journey to regain his youth acts as a catalyst for a kind of ""rebirth"" of his attitude on life when he and his wife, Nina, find how their lives are about to change as well after the couple unexpectedly becomes pregnant. George must now contend not only with his new status as a grandfather, but to also begin again as a new parent just as he was preparing for retirement and an empty nest for him and Nina."
34548.0	1.0	Thirumuttathu Kochuthoma  is a member of an acting troupe. He has a wife named Mary , three sons named Johny Kutty, Paul, and Roy ([[Siddique , and two daughters.{{clarification needed}} His youngest son, Roy, is also a stage actor in the same troupe and an aspiring writer. Kochuthoma and Mary have seen hard times, yet they have managed to raise their children well. However, the youngest son Roy had an easy childhood and has become spoiled. He received his diploma in automobile engineering. He is jobless, but is not trying to find a job. He is active in the church choir and a drama group. He has ambitions to make it to films. His father shares his dramatic pursuits. The two go to rehearsals together and come home late, causing Mary to worry. Johny, who is a businessman, is a critic of the duo and their pursuit of stardom. Bhavana  is a young girl from a poor family. She works to support her mentally unstable mother. She goes door-to-door selling various products. Roy, who was looking for a heroine for a production, bumps into Bhavana, who is willing to take the role because she needs money. Slowly he falls in love with her. He later marries her against his father's wish and Thomman asks them to move out. Roy and Bhavana start their married life in Bhavana's small home. Roy soon begins to feel the difficulties of life. He is too lazy to work and Bhavana starts earning for the family. They get no help from Thomman. Roy meets movie directors and writers. One of these directors has a car breakdown. Roy helps to repair the car. The director advises him to go into vehicle repair, leading Roy to start a successful career. Meanwhile, his family goes through tough times. Johny suffers losses and is unable to give the promised money for the marriage of Lisy. His dad becomes hospitalized. With Roy's help, the marriage is over and Roy and Bhavana make a triumphant entry back to their home. Roy realizes this was all planned by his father to make him understand the value of supporting himself, independence and the danger of laziness.
11382.0	0.0	"This is the story of a depressed man who comes into a town with no future. The title character  wanders into a small sleepy town with the intent to kill himself. When the townspeople learn of his plan, Julian becomes a minor celebrity, and is offered all sorts of free perks since this is the most exciting thing to ever happen in that town. However, Julian gets attached to the town and decides life is worth living after all, much to the annoyance of the townspeople who decide to set into motion plans for his suicide, assisted or forced if need be, as long as he keeps his word and carries through with his original plans, much to his desperation and anger. Julian is a man with no goals except to kill himself at the beginning of the movie. He is treated with suspicion, then sympathy once he explains his goal. Then, he meets Sarah , who says that she's been waiting her entire life for him. She rekindles within him the desire to live and experience love. After they make love, however, Julian awakens to find the bed empty and a letter from Sarah. He rushes to the bridge out of town, knowing that it is too late: Sarah has committed suicide, explaining that she wants to see Julian ""on the other side"". Heartbroken, Julian's mental condition is not helped by the townsfolks' cruelty, forcing him to ""keep his promise"" on killing himself. Before this, many of the townspeople have tried to ""assist"" him with his suicide; the barber offering a quick, bloody death with a straight razor, the hotel manager showing off his multiple rifles, and the town sheriff expounding on the joy of death and killing. The film ends with Julian walking out of town, dressed in a suit and tie, ""supervised"" by the town sheriff, mayor and barber so as to make sure he does not run away. It is assumed that he kills himself shortly afterwards, fulfilling his dream of ""going to the sea""."
6605.0	0.0	"Socially inept garbageman Simon Grim is befriended by Henry Fool, a witty rogue and untalented novelist. Henry opens the world of literature to Simon, and is inspired to write ""the great American poem"". Simon struggles to get his work recognized, and it is often dismissed as pornographic tat, but Henry continues to push and inspire Simon into getting the poem published. Henry carries around a bundle of notebooks he refers to as ""His Confession"", a work that details aspects of his mysterious past that he one day hopes to publish, when he and the world is ready for them. Henry's hedonistic antics cause all manner of turns in the lives of Simon's family, not least of which is impregnating Fay Grim . As Simon begins an ascent to the dizzying heights of Nobel Prize-winning poet, Henry sinks to a life of drinking in low-life bars as his own attempts at fame result in rejection, even by Simon's publisher who once employed Henry. The friends part ways and lose touch until Henry’s criminal past catches up with him as he needs Simon’s help in fleeing the country."
6664.0	0.0	"Billy Madison , a 27-year-old heir to a wealthy father, has spent his entire life reaping the benefits of his family's hotel chain, Madison Hotels, a Fortune 500 company. He spends his days drinking with best friends, Jack  and Frank , and creating disasters across his father's estate. One day, Billy ruins a dinner meeting between his father, Brian , and his associates by behaving obnoxiously after being provoked by Eric Gordon , Brian's executive vice president who openly expresses his hatred towards Billy and secretly harbors hatred towards Brian as well and impatiently waits to become Brian's succsessor as head of Madison Hotels. This prompts Brian to lose any remaining faith in Billy, as he chooses the conniving Eric to become the next CEO of the company. When Billy, who also despises Eric, protests that he can be responsible, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed all of Billy's school teachers in order for him to pass. Billy begs his father to reconsider his decision. The two finally come to a compromise: Billy must pass elementary, middle, and high school  on his own within the course of twenty-four weeks , in order to prove his competence. Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a third grade teacher named Veronica Vaughn , who initially is disgusted with Billy and finds his enrollment to be a distraction for the other students. He eventually finds himself as one of Veronica's students and earns her respect by defending Ernie , his friend and classmate. Billy becomes popular among the third graders and begins to miss them as he advances through school. When Billy reaches ninth grade, he finds that rather than being the cool guy that everyone looks up to, he is now considered a loser; realizing how it feels to be on the receiving end of bullying, he calls up an old classmate, Danny McGrath , and apologizes for the way he treated him in high school. Danny accepts his apology, and crosses his name off a list of people to kill. Billy's progress frustrates and alarms Eric, leading him to take the offensive while Billy struggles in high school. He visits Billy's grade school principal, Max Anderson , and threatens to reveal his past as a professional wrestler that is filled with controversial incidents, especially a particular one back in 1983, when Max accidentally caused the death of another man while performing a stunt. Coerced, Max publicly states he took bribes from Billy in return for passing him. The announcement angers Brian who chooses to give the hotel chain to Eric. Billy becomes distraught and reverts to his original care-free lifestyle. Veronica and others come to Billy's aid, convincing him to keep fighting Eric. His grade school friends helps Billy's plight by visiting Max at his home and convincing him to retract his previous statements. With Billy's name cleared, Brian and Carl Alphonse , a loyal, long-time employee of Madison Hotels, argue to Eric that Billy deserves another chance, but Eric disagrees and finally shows his true colors by disrespecting Brian in front of the group and threatens to file a lawsuit. Billy challenges Eric to an academic decathlon that will determine his father's successor. Although both men excel in different activities, Billy manages to take a single-point lead before the contest's final event, a Jeopardy!-style academic test. Eric chooses ""reflections of society in literature"" as Billy's topic. Billy uses a book that was read to him in the first grade to answer the question, but the judge calls his answer ""insanely idiotic"" and gives Billy no points for his answer. With scores still the same, Eric is given the chance to answer and potentially win. However, Billy chooses a question for Eric about ""business ethics"", which ironically Eric knows nothing about and breaks down because he can't give an answer. Refusing to admit defeat, he brandishes a gun at Billy. Max, clad in his wrestling outfit, subdues Eric. The attack fails to keep Eric down and laughing maniacally, he makes a final attempt to get revenge on Billy by turning his gun on Veronica. Suddenly, Danny McGrath appears with a high-powered rifle and defeats Eric by firing a single shot into his buttocks. Danny and Billy share a quick wave, before he departs. At Billy's graduation, he announces that he is passing the hotel business down to Carl and will instead attend college with hopes of becoming a teacher. He and Veronica share a kiss and the film ends."
32192.0	0.0	The film tells the story of a happily married couple, Ji-Seok and In-Ju, who lived with their son Dabin until a tragic accident which left Dabin alive but caused In-ju's death one year later. Ji-seok tried to commit suicide; however only he can see In-ju as ghost, and he is comforted by the ghost.
29826.0	0.0	Lester Burnham  is a middle-aged magazine writer who despises his job. His wife, Carolyn , is an ambitious real-estate broker; their sixteen-year-old daughter, Jane , abhors her parents and has low self-esteem. The Burnhams' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts ([[Chris Cooper  and his introverted wife, Barbara ; their teenage son, Ricky , is a secret marijuana smoker and drug dealer whom the colonel subjects to a strict disciplinarian lifestyle. Ricky, who had been forced into a military academy and mental hospital, spends time recording his surroundings with a camcorder; he keeps dozens of taped videos in his bedroom. Lester becomes infatuated with Jane's cheerleader friend, Angela Hayes , after seeing her perform a half-time dance routine at a high school basketball game. He begins to have sexual fantasies about Angela, during which red rose petals are a recurring motif. Carolyn begins an affair with a business rival, Buddy Kane . When Lester is about to be laid off his job, he blackmails his boss for $60,000 and quits, taking employment serving fast food. He buys his dream car  and starts working out after he overhears Angela tell Jane that she would find him sexually attractive if he improved his physique. He begins smoking marijuana bought from Ricky and flirts with Angela whenever she visits Jane. Jane becomes involved with Ricky and they bond over what Ricky considers the most beautiful imagery he has filmed: a plastic bag dancing in the wind.
759.0	1.0	"Cynthia , Marc  and Robert  are young friends in New York City. Marc is a struggling actor, Robert is an actor/songwriter and Cynthia is desperately trying to attract the attention of Tina Brown to break into magazine publishing. Cynthia and Marc find an apartment together in Greenwich Village. Robert is secretly in love with Marc, who's oblivious. Marc falls into a relationship with David , an aspiring musician who lives with his boyfriend across the alley from Marc's apartment. David's boyfriend throws him out and David moves in with Marc. Robert, trying to get over Marc, becomes interested in a man who works in a local card and gift shop . Taking Marc's advice to ""make the grand gesture,"" he sends Cynthia in with a gift from him as a secret admirer. ""Zola"" turns down the gesture, and Marc is humiliated. Marc and Robert discover that David supports himself as a hustler and Marc breaks up with him and throws him out. Robert makes ""the grand gesture"" for Marc by singing a song he's written for him. Before Marc can respond, Cynthia, whose attempts to get through to Tina Brown have become increasingly bizarre, has a nervous breakdown. She returns to her parents' home on Long Island. In the end, Marc and Robert visit Cynthia on Long Island. Free from the drama of his relationship with David, Marc realizes that he has feelings for Robert. Cynthia gets a call from Tina Brown's assistant, setting up a meeting for the following day."
31121.0	0.0	Dwight Putnum  has just asked Kendall Gordon  for the 10th time to marry him, but Kendall is still unwilling to commit. She has this idea that the perfect man for her is still out there. Vampire Zachary Simms  Dwight hires Vinnie Helsting  Nerissa  shows up wanting Zachary back. Zachary starts working the night shift in the data entry department. One night he discovers $1,300,000 that has been moving from department to department in small increments. Dwight rewards him for his find by making him an executive vice president and giving him a company car. Within a short time, Zachary is using his bloodthirsty skills to put the bite on potential clients, proving that he can make a killing in the business. Unfortunately, he's spending less and less time with Kendall and becoming more and more of a yuppie. When Zachary suggests to the board of directors a plan that will increase their profits 30% each year for 100 years, they make him chief executive officer of the company, which effectively puts Dwight out of a job. While Zachary is rapidly moving up the ladder, Helsting can't find anything on him. No birth certificate, no credit cards, no paper trail, so he begins tailing Zachary wherever he goes, taking photographs, and casing the house Zachary shares with Kendall. One night, when no one is home, Helsting enters the house, notices the secret door in the fireplace, and discovers the crypt and Zachary's coffin. While there, he overhears Zachary's message machine taking a phone call. 'Hello. I can't come to the phone right now. I'm dead.' Then Nerissa comes on, warning Zachary to be careful so that Dwight doesn't find out what Zachary really is. Helsting puts two and two together and figures it out...Zachary is a vampire. It looks like Zachary is about to be defanged. Dwight wants his business back. Kendall says Zachary was more human when he was a vampire and wants him out of her life. Nerissa says that the only solution is to 'revamp' him, so she gets the process started by biting him on the neck. Dwight takes back his business, setting up Zachary as a consultant with a perpetual income that will make him rich for centuries. Kendall informs Zachary that she is pregnant with his baby and agrees to allow him to 'vampirize' her when the baby is old enough to understand. Nerissa agrees to become the baby's godmother and buy her pretty dresses or take him to Mets nightgames
2534.0	1.0	"The film opens as Leo , an openly gay man celebrating his 30th birthday, arrives home and is very unhappy to find a surprise-party organised by his roommates Darren  and Angie  in full swing. Leo has a complicated personal history with some of the guests and hides in his bedroom, feeling grumpy and old. The movie then goes into an extended flashback which explains this history. It turns out that his work colleague had encouraged Leo to attend his weekly men's group run by New Age type goofball Keith  whose wife is Sybil . There, Leo meets hunky Irishman Brendan  whom he develops a crush on, which he reluctantly reveals to the group. However Brendan is straight and lives with his ex-girlfriend Sally  who is later revealed to be Leo's high school sweetheart. A series of 'Iron John' group exercises leads Brendan and Leo to develop a friendship. As they bond, it becomes clear that Brendan's curiosity towards Leo starts to grow in a sexual escalade. In the men's group, one of the other groupsmen become very jealous of Leo's ""friendship"" with Brendan and that he does not have that with Leo. Brendan fights with the lad over Leo. The friendship is soon to become more, as Brendan appears unexpectedly late one night at Leo's door and sleeps with him; after which they become something of a couple, to the consternation of one man in their men's group, though it encourages another, Terry ([[Con O'Neill , to explore his sexuality. Meanwhile, flamboyant Darren has met real estate agent Jeremy , who gets a kick out of having sex in houses for sale he has been given the keys to. However, he is not interested into ""couply"" things, despite Darren's attempts. Eventually this leads to them having sex with handcuffs and blindfolds in the bedroom of the house which Sally has on the market, during which she unexpectedly returns home. Jeremy abandons Darren, who dumps him. Leo gets close once more with Sally, and ends up kissing her. Feeling guilty, he leaves in a panic, and ends up telling Brendan what happened, who goes ballistic as he still has feelings for Sally. Leo finds himself in a quandary, and decides to confess to Sally that he is the one who is seeing Brendan . He inadvertently does so while Brendan is there too, and leaves Brendan to face Sally. The film then returns to the party, where Brendan and Terry get into an argument over Leo and take it outside, where Brendan punches Terry on the nose, who crumples. Brendan asks him to go with him for a drink . Thus, Brendan starts dating; Leo's work colleague and Angie get together; Jeremy and Darren make up; and Leo sleeps with Sally."
30771.0	1.0	The story begins with Cora  and Ellen , two women in their thirties who are living in Edinburgh. While they are getting ready at a mirror they begin to discuss life and romance. The story then catapults itself into the past before the two women met and where their story really begins. Quirky Cora is an aspiring biochemist with intention to go to university but ends up taking a jump towards late teenage rebellion in which she tries drugs, drinks excessively. After moving in with her boyfriend, Cora discovers she's pregnant and immediately all her dreams are shattered as she becomes a pregnant housewife who is eventually dumped by her passionate but slovenly boyfriend. Ellen on the other hand is strait-laced and level-headed; A budding cartoonist with prospects to run her own business alongside her colleague Stanley . While out for a drink at her local pub, womanizing Daniel , makes a pass at her and she is instantly smitten. Ellen invites Daniel to meet her very prim and proper mother who is instantly reviled by Daniel's revelation that he is writing a dissertation on the post-coital discussions women have with men after sleeping with them. Despite her mother's attempt to talk Ellen into dumping Daniel, Ellen decides to accept Daniel's marriage proposal and soon weds him, delighted with his wedding gift of a purple velvet Victorian style couch. Not long into their marriage Ellen's hopes of a having a family are forced out of the picture when Daniel reveals he doesn't want children. Despite being married, Daniel is still womanizing and gambling excessively . After a confrontation with Daniel after she discovers he has been cheating on her, Ellen walks out and goes to the pub to think things over where she meets heavily pregnant Cora. Despite their obvious differences immediately become friends and Ellen even becomes Cora's coach as she goes into hospital to give birth to her son Sam. A year and a half later, Cora is given a night of freedom from her children when her parents offer to babysit, and she goes to the pub from which she calls Ellen's house to try and convince her friend to join her; Daniel however picks up the phone as Ellen is out. Daniel shows up at the pub to deliberately seduce Cora fully aware that the woman doesn't know what he looks like. After the one night stand, Cora is horrified when Daniel turns up at the café where she works and kisses Ellen in front of her; even more horrifying is the realization she has become pregnant once again, this time to her best-friend's husband. Although Cora decides to keep the child, Daniel decides he wants nothing to do with her, and refuses to even pay maintenance, leaving Cora once again a single mother with no additional income. Years pass, and Ellen and Daniel are going through a rather messy divorce which is left slightly easier by the fact he has taken off to Barbados. Regardless of the hurt he has caused her, Ellen is still undeniably in love with him and still fully unaware that her best friend's youngest son Col is the son of her husband. Cora on the other hand is struggling with life still, and still depressed over the horrible guilt she has never been able to reveal to her friend the truth of her son's paternity. After Daniel makes a return, Cora realises that she is running out of time to tell Ellen the truth and all her friends and neighbours who are fully aware of what Cora done years before urge her to be honest. While throwing a dinner party at her loft home, Ellen, Cora and some close neighbours become blindingly drunk, in which Cora finally confesses the truth at the dinner table. Humiliated, Ellen throws everyone out including Cora, and locks herself in her flat for days, becoming horribly depressed over the fact Cora had the son with Daniel that she herself had always wanted to have. Daniel returns to Ellen following the dinner party although he finds immediately that he is unwelcome and Ellen doesn't want anything to do with him anymore. In the meantime, Cora develops a relationship with Ellen's co-worker Stanley and begins to feel more confident within herself and what she wants from life after a near-death experience. Finally she works up the courage to go to Ellen and apologise. Regardless of their row, the two women manage to come to a mutual understanding just as Daniel bursts into the flat with a friend to remove the velvet couch he had given Ellen as a wedding present. After an argument between both women and Daniel ensues, Ellen forfeits the couch and throws Daniel and his friend out, immediately afterwards retrieving a bag from a cupboard which contains £25,000 which Daniel had won from gambling and stashed in the flat. Ellen splits the money, giving £13,000 of it to Cora to pay the maintenance Daniel had never paid for Col, and she takes the remaining money to the Book-keepers where she bets the lot on a no-chance horse. Seconds after leaving the Book-keepers she is approached by Daniel who has realised his mistake and is demanding his money back; Ellen hands him the betting slip and walks away with Cora, having finally got her revenge on him.
17106.0	1.0	The plot follows the backstage dramas of a theater company in turn of the century New York while it struggles to produce a new work.
8926.0	1.0	While Jane Holman  is driving with her two sons, Tom and Gunny, she accidentally runs into a drifter, named Jack McCloud , who breaks his leg. Feeling sorry for him, Jane invites Jack and his dog Betty Jane to stay at her home until his leg has healed. After having some difficulties in adapting to this new lifestyle, Jack soon finds himself loved by the family and they all want him to stay. When he starts teaching baseball to Tom, who misses his father who is missing in the Korean War, the two of them develop a strong bond. Meanwhile, Gunny believes that there is more to Jack and Betty Jane than meets the eye, and he is determined to find out what.
24113.0	0.0	The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing.
2057.0	0.0	A garage mechanic, Chaitanya,  is the Chief mechanic for the upcoming Roots Company Challenge 1991 Automotive rally race – which starts via the route from Chennai coast to Goa coast, a route which is noted for illegal drug trade and arms trafficking. Retired Major Harischandra prasad  is the Chief guest for the Rally, his daughter Padmini  also competes for the Roots Challenge Trophy. Further, Chaitanya's journalist friend Sudhakar  after witnessing the murder of city D.I.G., gets murdered by the group of goons near his garrage, The D.I.G.'S murder happens to be planned by a high profile unknown criminal. Police commissioner  who is a close associate to Harischandra prasad is up to unweaving the mysterious murder of D.I.G and the journalist. On the other hand, Chaitanya finds himself beaten by the goons after he comes to the assistance of his journalist friend. When he regains his senses he finds himself with a revolver in his hand and in Police custody, arrested and charged with the homicide of the very friend he tried to assist. With evidence pointing toward his guilt, he has virtually no defense and may well spend the rest of his life in prison or be hanged. He manages to escape from the prison with the help of Chaitanya's garage assistant, Golconda  through the journalist's friend  in a water tanker. Interestingly, in guise of the journalist's friend ,the high profile criminal's henchmen is hidden in the tanker. The criminal's henchmen plans to blast the water tanker and kill chaitanya who flees from Srungavarapukota prison in the same water tanker. But, after a battle with the henchmen,inside the water tanker, Chaitanya escapes and jumps from the water tanker into a lake and the henchmen dies in the water tanker explosion. Police send Chaitanya's case to CBI as they come to a conclusion that it was chaitanya who got killed in the water tanker explosion. Now, Chaitanya gets to participate in the 'one halt race' by joining at a mile stone of the route, being in guise of the garage assistant's race car . Chaitanya also finds out that among 3 cars of the rally, the photogarphs of D.I.G's murder caught by his journalist friend are hidden. In another twist, Padmini happens to drive one of the 3 cars where in the photographs were hidden. How Chaitanya unweaves the mystery behind all this crime and how Padmini and Chaitanya fall in love in the process and identify the high profile criminal adds to the rest of the plot and suspense in the film.
9477.0	0.0	Rajvir  and Ranvir  are devoted brothers. They along with their parents leave their village in Punjab to move to Mumbai. When their mother passes away, Ranvir takes on the responsibility of looking after his younger brother. After some hardship Ranvir manages to turn everything around and he becomes really wealthy. Rajvir on the other hand lives recklessly and without a care in the world. Both brothers find love with Shalini . Happy for Rajvir, Ranvir arranges the marriage. Unfortunately he later finds out that he has arranged Rajvir's marriage with the person he  loves. Rajvir must decide what is more important, the brother who has cared for him and given him everything all these years or his love.
34890.0	0.0	The film tells about a Japanese door-to-door insurance salesman, Tsuda Yoshiharu, who takes up boxing after some chance meetings with a former high school friend, Kojima Yakuji. Tsuda lives a more or less uneventful life. He has a fiance, Hizuru, who one day invites Kojima in to Tsuda's apartment. Kojima comes onto Hizuru, who rejects him. Still, Tsuda finds out and gets enraged at Kojima, but Kojima beats Tsuda to a pulp and humiliates him to the point where it strains his relationship with Hizuru. Hizuru is intrigued by the animalistic Kojima, and ends up moving in with him. She also starts to pierce herself and get tattoos. She wants to box, but is denied that life by the surprisingly cowardly Kojima, who says she is a scary freak of a woman. Tsuda still has feelings for Hizuru, and he keeps trying to win her back, leading to a confrontation where they bond by beating each other's faces to a pulp . In the end, Kojima and Tsuda end up in a sparring match in their boxing club, which leads to Tsuda getting beaten again, while Kojima goes on to win a real match, with no regard to his own well-being, afterwards. Kojima wins the match, but both he and Tsuda's faces begin to break apart and bleed profusely, suggesting fatal wounds.
27834.0	1.0	Leila and Reza are a modern Iranian couple, content with their recent marriage. However, Leila learns that she is unable to conceive. Reza's mother insists that he, as the only son, must have children , despite Reza's insistence that he does not want children, and suggests that he get a second wife. He adamantly refuses the idea; his mother champions it. Leila gets caught between the two worlds; elated at spending time with Reza one moment and torn apart by his nagging mother the next.
31480.0	1.0	Mukudan  comes to a rural town to start his job as the local bank field officer. Through a series of events he meets and falls in love with Radha  and plans to get married. But fate changes the course and outcome of their life and love.
1050.0	1.0	A man  wanders through a heavy rainstorm finding his way into a restaurant. The restaurant's owner tries to determine if he needs help. Despite his manic mode of speech being difficult to understand, she learns that his name is David Helfgott and that he is staying at a local hotel. She returns him to the hotel and despite his attempts to engage her with his musical knowledge and ownership of various musical scores, she leaves. As a child, David  is competing in a local music competition. Helfgott has been taught to play by his father, Peter , a man obsessed with winning who has no tolerance for failure or disobedience. David is noticed by Mr. Rosen, a local pianist who, after an initial conflict with Peter, takes over David's musical instruction. As a teen, David  wins the state musical championship and is invited to study in America. Although plans are made to raise money to send David and his family is initially supportive, Peter eventually forbids David to leave and abuses him, thinking David leaving would destroy the family. Crushed, David continues to study and befriends local novelist and co-founder of the Communist Party of Australia, Katharine Susannah Prichard . David's talent grows until he is offered a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London. David's father again forbids him to go but with the encouragement of Katharine, David leaves. In London, David enters a Concerto competition, choosing to play Rachmaninoff's difficult 3rd Concerto, a piece he had attempted to learn as a young child to make his father proud. As David practises, he increasingly becomes manic in his behavior. David wins the competition, but suffers a mental breakdown and is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, where he receives electric shock therapy. David recovers to the point where he is able to return to Australia, but is still rejected by his father. David relapses and is readmitted to a mental institution as a young man. Years later, a volunteer at the institution recognizes David and knows of his musical talent. She takes him home but discovers that he is difficult to control, unintentionally destructive, and needs more care than she can offer. She leaves him at the hotel from earlier in the film. David has difficulty adjusting to life outside the institution, and often wanders away from the hotel. David wanders to the nearby restaurant. The next day David returns to the restaurant, and the patrons are astounded by his ability to play the piano. One of the owners befriends David and looks after him. In return David plays at the restaurant. Through the owner David is introduced to Gillian . David and Gillian fall in love and marry. With Gillian's help and support, David is able to come to terms with his father's death and to stage a well-received comeback concert presaging his return to professional music.
12211.0	1.0	Karchy Jonas  is a 17-year-old high-school student  trying to find his way in the world. He meets radio personality Billy Magic  who takes him under his wing. However, authorities are after Billy for accepting payola from record companies to give their songs air time. It is a semi-autobiographical tale from Joe Eszterhas.
21859.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} Jerry Fletcher , an obsessive–compulsive New York City taxi driver who lectures his passengers on various conspiracy theories, visits his friend Alice Sutton , who works for the U.S. Attorney, at the Justice Department. She is trying to solve her father's murder. Jerry tells her that NASA is trying to kill the President using a secret weapon on the Space Shuttle that can trigger earthquakes. Jerry identifies some men on the street as CIA, follows them into a building, and is captured by them. He wakes up in a mental hospital bound to a wheelchair. A doctor  tapes his eyes open, injects him with LSD, and interrogates him using torture. As the LSD kicks in Jerry remembers many previous sessions, which he sees as terrifying cartoons. In a fit of panic, Jerry manages to bite the doctor's nose and sufficiently incapacitate him long enough to escape, still bound to the wheelchair. He manages to shut himself in a laundry truck, escaping the premises. Jerry goes to Alice's office again and grabs a guard's gun, collapsing in Alice's arms. Alice visits Jerry in the hospital. Handcuffed to the bed and forced to enter a drug-induced sleep, he pleads with her to switch his chart with that of a criminal in the next bed or he will be dead by morning. In the morning, when Alice visits again, the criminal is dead, as he has suffered a mysterious heart attack during the night. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there. She meets a mysterious CIA psychiatrist, Dr. Jonas. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again, dropping himself down a linen chute. Jerry dresses up as a doctor and escapes the building. Jonas quizzes Alice over lunch; she explains that Jerry saved her from muggers once, so she tolerates him. In Jerry's hospital room she finds a copy of The Catcher in the Rye. As she discusses it with an FBI officer named Lowry, the CIA come and confiscate all of Jerry's personal items. Lowry offers to share information with her but she declines. The CIA cannot find Jerry. Alice goes to her car, and finds Jerry hiding in it. She stops the car and speaks with Lowry, who is tailing them, and then they go to Jerry's apartment where he tells her about his conspiracy theories and his newsletter. He has dozens of copies of Catcher. He feels compelled to buy it, but doesn't know why. They are interrupted when Jerry's alarm goes off, signaling the entry of a CIA SWAT team. Jerry sets everything on fire and they leave by his secret trapdoor exit. In the room below, there is a large mural on the wall, which features both Alice and the triple smokestacks of a factory near the mental institution. The pair go to Alice's apartment and he reveals he's been watching her through her window. She kicks him out. Outside, Jerry confronts Lowry and his partner staking out her place, and he warns them, at gunpoint, not to hurt her. He goes to a book store and buys a copy of Catcher. The CIA detects his purchase, and sends agents to catch him. Jerry sees their black helicopters with men rappelling down and goes into a theater. He yells ""there's a bomb under my chair"" and manages to escape during the resulting panic. The next morning, Alice has been calling each person who gets the newsletter, and they have all died that night except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get her out of the office, and then attaches cables from the CIA vehicle following her to a vendor's cart. On a bus they discuss more of his theories. In a subway station where one Herriman drowned in another conspiracy, she agrees to check the autopsy. He says he loves her and she rejects him. Alice goes to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and it is Jonas. He explains that Jerry was an MK-ULTRA subject but the project was terminated - except for his research. Jonas shows her a photo of her father taken from Jerry's locker, and claims that Jerry went out of control and killed her father. She is crushed. Jerry sends Alice a pizza containing a message to meet him. Jonas gets her to agree to a homing device in the pizza box and Jerry drives her with the box across the Queensboro bridge. He has made previous arrangements that enable him to ditch the agents following them, leaving the homing device behind. As he drives her to her father's private horse stables, Jerry tells her that he can almost remember what happened and is taking her to where ""the music is playing."" Alice turns on her mobile phone so they can still track her. At the stables Jerry remembers that he was sent to kill her father  but found he couldn't kill him. Instead they became friends and Jerry promised to watch over Alice before the judge was killed by another assassin. She admits she switched the charts in the hospital. The CIA arrive and capture Jerry. Jonas gloats but Jerry says, ""you've never seen her run."" Alice outruns the men; a sniper misses her, killing the last guy chasing her, and she escapes. Jonas tortures Jerry again. Meanwhile, Alice leads the FBI men  to Jonas' office, but it has been entirely dismantled. Declining Lowry's help, Alice starts searching for Jerry. She realizes that a detail of Jerry's large mural is near a mental hospital and goes there. She bribes an attendant to show her an unused wing, breaks in through locked doors, and finds Jerry after hearing him singing through the ventilation ducts. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with his men and attacks Jonas's men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas but is shot once. In retaliation, Alice shoots Jonas dead. Alice tells Jerry she loves him as he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, Alice visits Jerry's grave, leaving his union pin upon it, before returning to horse riding. As she rides away, Jerry, Lowry and Flip watching her. Jerry is not allowed to contact her until they are sure they have rounded up all of Jonas' other subjects. He secretly lets her know he is still alive by placing his union pin on her horse's saddle and the film ends."
31433.0	0.0	Set on the bleak motorways of Lancashire, Butterfly Kiss tells the story of Eunice , a lesbian serial killer, and Miriam , a naive, innocent and lonely young girl who falls under her spell. Miriam runs away from home and meets Eunice, who soon completely dominates her, leading her into sex and murder. At a truckstop, Eunice first offers the unwilling Miriam to a trucker for sex, then rescues her in mid-rape by murdering the driver. When the hitchhiking duo are picked up by another licentious male, Miriam returns to their motel room to find Eunice and their benefactor having rough sex in the shower. Mistaking the consensual sex with the rape from which Eunice earlier rescued her, Miriam returns the favor by beating their benefactor to death with the hand-held showerhead, to Eunice's delight. Eunice finally brings Miriam to the ocean, where she has Miriam assist her in a watery suicide. Miriam is arrested and ends up in an insane asylum, still innocently unaware of the gravity of her offenses.
17894.0	1.0	It is 1977, Dublin rocks to the music of Thin Lizzy and the world is stunned by the death of Elvis Presley. Frankie , caught between acne and adulthood, has just completed his final exams in school. Convinced he will fail, he survives the summer organising a beach party, having lustful thoughts about two girls he believes are unobtainable and fending off the advances from a visiting American family friend, all whilst coping with his oddball family.
4218.0	0.0	Set in a present that feels more like the past, Harry Dobbs is a private detective surrounded by mysterious and dangerous dames. Among them is his angry girlfriend, Doris, and the suspicious women he encounters on his latest case. In a nightclub, the sultry Miss Dolan hires the private eye to follow her lover, Rick, who might be trying to kill her. The trail takes Harry to women like Mrs. King and Mrs. McGraw, who apparently are wed to the same man. A female investigator named Stella Wynkowski turns up. Harry teams up with her, never entirely certain whether she is friend or foe.
6323.0	0.0	"The film opens between scenes cutting back and forth of a naval ship carrying Admiral Croft , and a buggy carrying Mr. Shepherd  and his daughter Mrs. Clay  to Kellynch Hall. Shepherd and Clay are accosted for debts owed by the residence's owner, Sir Walter Elliot , while Croft discusses the end of the Napoleonic Wars with fellow navy men. Sir Walter, a vain foppish baronet, is faced with financial ruin unless he retrenches. Though he initially opposes the idea, he eventually agrees to plans to temporarily move to Bath while the hall is let; this was thought of by Shepherd, family friend Lady Russell , and Sir Walter's second eldest, intelligent daughter Anne . Anne is visibly upset after learning that the new tenant of Kellynch Hall will be the admiral, who is the brother-in-law of Captain Frederick Wentworth , a man she was persuaded to reject nine years previously because of his lack of prospects and connections. Wentworth is now wealthy from serving in the navy during the Wars, and has returned to England to presumably find a wife. While her father and elder sister Elizabeth leave the hall for Bath, Anne remains to finish up directing the residence's preparation for its new tenants. After discovering old letters between her and Wentworth, she expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family's current financial predicament, and her past decision to reject the captain's proposal of marriage. Anne visits their other sibling, Mary , who has married into a local family, the Musgroves. Anne patiently listens to the many various complaints confided in her by Mary, her husband Charles, sisters-in-law Louisa  and Henrietta , and parents-in-law Mr. Musgrove ([[Roger Hammond  and Mrs. Musgrove . Having now settled in at Kellynch Hall, Admiral and Mrs. Croft visit the Musgroves. Mrs. Croft's brother Captain Wentworth comes to dine with them, but Anne avoids going when she volunteers to nurse Mary's son, who is injured with a broken collarbone. The following morning at breakfast, Anne and Mary are suddenly met briefly by Wentworth, the first time he and Anne have seen each other since her rejection. Mary later tells Anne Wentworth thought she was so altered, he ""would not have known you again"". Wentworth becomes the focus of matrimony to Louisa and Henrietta, as the family is unaware of his and Anne's past relationship. Hurt and rejected by Anne's refusal years before, he appears to court Louisa, much to Anne's chagrin. In a later walk taken by everyone, Wentworth learns from Louisa that Anne also was persuaded by Lady Russell to refuse Charles' offer of marriage, after which Charles instead proposed to Mary. Anne, the Musgroves, and Wentworth go to Lyme to visit two of his old naval friends, Captain Harville  and Captain Benwick . While there, Louisa rashly jumps off a staircase in the hopes Wentworth will catch her, but falls before he can reach her and sustains a head injury. Wentworth, Henrietta, and Anne travel back to Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove's residence and tell them about their injured daughter, leading them to hurry back to Lyme. Anne soon goes to Bath to stay with her father and sister. Sir Walter and Elizabeth reveal they have repaired their relationship with a previously disreputable cousin, Mr. Elliot , the heir to the Elliot baronetcy and estate. Anne is introduced to him, and they realize they briefly saw each other in Lyme. Much to Lady Russell's pleasure, Mr. Elliot begins to court Anne, but she remains uncertain of his true character. Louisa having recovered and become engaged to Captain Benwick, Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions, though their conversations are brief. Anne learns from an old friend, Mrs. Smith , that Mr. Elliot is bankrupt and only interested in marrying Anne to help further ensure his inheritance from her father and keep him from possibly marrying Mrs. Clay to provide a son. Wentworth overhears Anne talking with Captain Harville about the constancy of a woman's love, and writes her a letter declaring he still loves her. The two walk off down a street, arm in arm, and he announces his intention to marry Anne at a party later that night, much to Mr. Elliot's consternation. The final scene shows Wentworth and Anne on a naval ship, happy to be together."
29757.0	1.0	Scorchers takes place in cajun Louisiana on the wedding night of a young woman named Splendid . Splendid is scared to death of what will happen in the bedroom with her new husband, Dolan  and her father, Jumper , finds himself having to coax his daughter to submit to the groom. Meanwhile, Talbot  comes to terms with the fact that her husband has not been satisfied at home and has been cheating on her, as the town prostitute, Thais  shares her wisdom on the ways of men -- all this takes place while the town bartender, Bear  and the town drunk, Howler , debate the finer points of music and life.
13008.0	1.0	The story begins when 19-year-old Elizabeth has a brief fling with a dashing young actor and falls pregnant. Community pressure forces her to marry a dull middle-aged man, but maybe there is hope on the horizon. It was filmed in west cork on the south west coast of Ireland.
27412.0	1.0	Lisa  is a business executive who has gotten used to being alone but doesn't like it very much. She was abandoned by her birth parents, and then spent most of her childhood being raised by Stanley , a foster father who never really loves Lisa, after her adopted mother died. One day, Lisa gets word that Stanley has died; alone in her apartment, after attempting to feed her now dead pet fish, she breaks down and cries uncontrollably. Later the same day, Lisa gets an unexpected delivery of flowers from a secret admirer. Puzzled, Lisa presses the delivery man for information on who might have sent her the flowers, and he confesses—he sent them himself. Lewis  runs a flower shop and often takes long walks through the neighborhood, trying to lose his memories of his deceased wife and child. He saw Lisa crying in her window and hoped the roses would cheer her up. Before long, Lisa and Lewis begin dating, but both have some emotional issues to resolve before their story can have a happy ending.
28951.0	0.0	The title character, Raja Hindustani , is a taxi-driver / tourist guide. He lives by his own simple code and is prone to violence when that code is violated. Aarti Sehgal  is a wealthy debutante who is seeking to connect with her past. Standing in the way of their love are a disapproving father and a stepmother bent on obtaining total control of the family assets. Wealthy Mr Sehgal  lives with his daughter, Aarti, and her stepmother Shalini  in a palatial home. Aarti decides to go for a vacation to a small hill station named Palankhet to discover the memories of her dead mother. Upon arrival, she finds out she has no transportation from the airport to Palankhet . As a result, she hires the services of the only available driver, Raja Hindustani. During her stay in Palankhet, Aarti and Raja fall in love. One day, to Aarti's surprise, her father arrives in Palankhet and intends to bring her home with him. Her father will accept the marriage on the condition that Raja come to Mumbai and learn to become a respectable member of society. Raja refuses and forces Aarti to make a de cision. Aarti chooses Raja, but begs for her father's blessings. Her father refuses to offer his blessings and leaves for Mumbai. After some time, Mr Sehgal forgives his daughter, and visits her in Palankhet. While there, he gifts his daughter and son-in-law with a new house. Raja refuses to live in the house, because he does not see the house as a gift, but rather as alms, since he is poor and Mr. Sehgal is rich. Shalini, her brother, Swaraj , and her nephew Jai  seek to exploit this conflict in order to gain total control of Mr. Sehgal's assets. Under the pretext of a birthday party, they bring Raja and Aarti to Mumbai and set in motion events that will change all their lives forever. As a result Aarti and Raja separate. Aarti was pregnant but due to her health problem the doctor forbid her to go to Palankhet and instead her stepmother had to go to Palankhet to inform Raja about his baby and to request him to come to Mumbai. However, instead Aarti's mother chooses to tell Raja that Aarti wants divorce but Raja refuses to give divorce and back in Mumbai even Aarti refuses to give Raja divorce. After sometime Raja comes to know that Aarti has a baby so he goes to Aarti's house and steals the baby. But Aarti cannot live without her baby so she comes to Raja's house begging for her baby where they all learn the truth that Aarti's stepmother is the culprit. When Raja returns home with the baby he sees Aarti and starts to run away but in the road there is a fighting between Aarti's step-uncle and Raja for the capture of the baby as Aarti 's step-uncle wanted to kill the baby but Aarti 's step-uncle loses at last; Aarti and Raja reunite.
20406.0	0.0	Roma  and Reema Mathur  are the daughters of Mathur , a wealthy business man. Roma has always been spoiled, gets everything she desires, and is competitive. Her sister Reema is quite reserved and usually lets her sister take the spotlight. Both grew up to be entirely different: The only similarity is that the sisters fell in love with the same man, Ravi Saxena . Always the center of attention, Roma caught his eyes first. Reema is heartbroken but puts on a brave face. Ravi and Roma agreed to get married. Unfortunately, Roma is ambitious to get an offer to be a star in a film starting the day of her wedding. She accepts and abandons Ravi minutes before their wedding. Ravi is furious and, in turn, marries Reema to save the honor of her family. During their marriage their relationship was quite uncomfortable, but Ravi soon falls in love with Reema. Unfortunately Roma comes back home in rage and tells them that they will never be happy because she was betrayed. Determined to get Ravi back she is willing to do anything including ruining her life...
1080.0	1.0	The children of old-fashioned patriarch of a family in Iwate Province gather to observe the first anniversary of their mother's death. Tetsuya, working as a bartender in Tokyo, quarrels with his father over the way he is leading his life. Eventually Tetsuya changes his ways and gains the approval of his father.Based on {{Amg movie}}
10609.0	0.0	"The day prior to the events of Clerks; April 9, 1993, college student T.S. Quint is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi Svenning, during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father's dating game show. They argue over this and eventually break up. T.S. turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce, who has also broken up with his girlfriend, Rene Mosier after having an argument, and Brodie suggests the two might find solace at the local mall. Brodie and T.S. discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, and ask local drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob to destroy the show's stage , a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans. These actions result in the two being pursued by mall security guard LaFours, but they are able to escape him. Brodie finds out Rene began a relationship with his nemesis Shannon Hamilton, a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of his ""lack of a shopping agenda."" Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with Shannon and the two have sex in an elevator. Rene seems to have some respect for Brodie once more, but the latter is later confronted and assaulted by Shannon, who admits on intending to seduce Rene and then have sex with her in a ""very uncomfortable place""; a running joke is that this is interpreted as the ""back of a Volkswagen"". As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall's Easter Bunny, under the wrongful assumption that he attacked Brodie. Brandi's father, Jared, who is aware of Brodie and T.S's presence at the mall, has the two arrested by LaFours, who tries to plant drugs on them. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie and T.S. and are once again able to evade LaFours. Meanwhile, Brodie and T.S. seek refuge at a local flea market, where they meet local fortune teller Ivannah. T.S. decides to win back Brandi and the two return to the mall. Before the show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who was visiting the mall. After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her sexual intercourse with Shannon. Tricia herself was doing a project in which she had sex with a number of male adults, despite being only fifteen years old, for a book about the sex drive of men. Meanwhile, T.S. also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants high, which allow him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date. The initial plan was all three contestants but the third one, Gil Hicks, showed up late, and Brodie and T.S. must go on with him. During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie and T.S., and an argument ensues between the three while being aired as well as being in front of the crowd. Brodie tells Brandi that T.S. had spent all day trying to win her back. T.S. then proposes to Brandi, which she accepts. As the police arrive to arrest T.S. and Brodie after the show is over, Silent Bob  plays a sex tape of Shannon and Tricia, which results in the former being arrested. Brodie and Rene renew their relationship as a result. The conclusion reveals that T.S. marries Brandi, while the show's producers are so impressed with Brodie's stage banter that they offer him his own talk show, with Rene as his bandleader."
7339.0	0.0	"In mid-1800s England, Oscar Hopkins  is a young Anglican priest, a misfit and an outcast, but with the soul of an angel. As a boy, even though from a strict Plymouth Brethren family, he felt God told him through a sign to leave his father and his faith and join the Church of England. Lucinda Leplastrier  is a teenage Australian heiress who has an almost desperate desire to liberate her sex from the confines of the male-dominated culture of Australia at that time. She buys a glass factory and has a dream of building a church made almost entirely of glass, and then transporting it to the Australian Outback. Oscar and Lucinda meet on a ship going to Australia; once there, they are for different reasons ostracized from society, and as a result ""join forces"" together. Oscar and Lucinda are both passionate gamblers, and Lucinda bets Oscar her entire inheritance that he cannot transport the glass church to the Outback safely. Oscar accepts her wager, and this leads to the events that will change both their lives forever."
308.0	0.0	Set on the fictional San Piedro Island in the northern Puget Sound region of the Washington state coast in 1950, the plot revolves around the murder case of Kazuo Miyamoto , a Japanese American accused of killing Carl Heine, a Caucasian fisherman. The trial occurs in the midst of deep anti-Japanese sentiments following World War II. Covering the case is the editor of the town's one-man newspaper, Ishmael Chambers , a World War II veteran who lost an arm fighting the Japanese in the Pacific. Ishmael struggles with his love for Kazuo's wife, Hatsue , and his conscience, wondering if Kazuo is truly innocent. Spearheading the prosecution are the town's sheriff, Art Moran , and prosecutor, Alvin Hooks . Leading the defense is the old, experienced attorney Nels Gudmundsson . An underlying theme throughout the trial is prejudice. Several witnesses, including Etta Heine , Carl's mother, accuse Kazuo of murdering Carl for racial and personal reasons. Etta is a stereotypical anti-Japanese person; she represents the part of America that persecuted Japanese Americans during the Second World War. This stance is not without irony, as Kazuo (a decorated war veteran of the [[442nd Infantry Regiment , experienced prejudice because of his ancestry, following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. By the same standard, Etta, a German American, could be blamed for Nazi war crimes. Also involved in the trial is Ole Jurgensen, an elderly man who sold his strawberry field to Carl. The strawberry field is a contested issue during the trial. The land was originally owned by Carl Heine Sr. The Miyamotos lived in a house on the Heines' land and picked strawberries for Carl Sr. Kazuo and Carl Jr. were close friends as children. Kazuo's father eventually approached Carl Sr. about purchasing {{convert}} of the farm. Though Etta opposed the sale, Carl Sr. agreed. The payments were to be made over a ten-year period. However, before the last payment was made, war erupted between the U.S. and Japan, and all islanders of Japanese ancestry were forced to relocate to internment camps. In 1944, Carl Sr. died and Etta sold the land to Ole. When Kazuo returned after the war, he was extremely bitter toward Etta for reneging on the land sale. When Ole suffered a stroke and decided to sell the farm, he was approached by Carl Jr., hours before Kazuo arrived, to try to buy the land back. During the trial, the land is presented as a family feud and the motivation behind Carl's murder. Ishmael's search of the maritime records reveals on the night that Carl Heine died a freighter had passed through the channel where Carl had been fishing at 1:42am, five minutes before his watch had stopped. Ishmael realises that Carl was thrown overboard by the force of the freighter's wake. Despite the bitterness he feels at Hatsue's rejection, Ishmael comes forward with the new information. Further evidence is collected in support of the conclusion that Carl had climbed the boat's mast to cut down a lantern, been knocked from the mast by the freighter's wake, hit his head, then fallen into the sea. The charges against Kazuo are dismissed.
37664.0	0.0	The film was made famous by the excellent portrayal of the eunuch, Maharani , an evil madam running a brothel that employs many girls like Pooja  and Chanda . Ravi , a taxi driver, meets Pooja before she is bought by Maharani, and his friend Gotya  is in love with Chanda. The story shows how Ravi, whose own sister committed suicide after being forced to become a prostitute, and Pooja, a current prostitute, come together. The title Sadak is Urdu for Road and signifies the place where the poor Ravi and Gotya live.
24629.0	0.0	"Kittu  is an arts student in Pune and is madly in love with actress and film star Malika . He has posters up on his wall and goes to all of her movies, and even fantasizes that she is there with him when he is watching these items. His father concerned with his son's declining exam scores, confronts Kittu on his obsession and tears down the posters. To Kittu, this is almost as bad as murder and decides to move out and away to Mumbai, where the star, herself, lives. Unknowing of where else to go he goes to her bunglow, when uninvited, he finds a job at a nearby cafe. Actually interacting with Malika, Kittu soon finds that she is not the girl that he had pictured from her posters and movies. A simple orphan, exploited by her evil uncle and his family, that Kittu begins to feel sorry for her and even more in love. A series of events lead him to the point where he decides to convince her to run away with him. But with her being such a famous icon, Kittu soon finds it harder than he had thought to get away. The police are looking for her as is her family; and after a visit home Kittu's family, as well, is soon helping Malika enjoy her newfound freedom. Things take a turn for the worse when Mr. Mathur is taken into custody for allegedly housing the ""kidnapped"" Malika. They beat Kittu and his father for information. Malika turns herself in to save them, and she tells the cops that Kittu rescued her and that her uncle is the culprit, and they tell him never to see her again. Malika then returns home, leaving Kittu to his life with his family and Nisha believing that they are in love. Kittu returns home as well and is devastated that she left him without an explanation or goodbye. They visit her on set one day to see that she has returned to her old life, uncle-free, but this meeting is an uncomfortable one. Through her awkward goodbye, Kittu then realizes that she believes that Kittu is going to marry Nisha. After this realization, he then runs to Malika's dressing room from the cab to tell her of his love and the fact that she has assumed wrong. They have a heartfelt conversation of love and life, and Malika goes on to explain that she thinks that Nisha and Kittu have a love that she cannot come between. She then asks him not to see her anymore and he runs to Nisha to tell her of this belief. After hearing this, Nisha explains the situation that she love Kittu, but Kittu has always been in love with Malika. Malika and Kittu embrace to express their love. The closing scene shows that they get married and everyone in the story was there, including his coworkers from the cafe, his family, and even Nisha."
9002.0	1.0	Bale plays Chris, a young married professional living an ordinary life in the fictional suburb of Eastwood near London in the late 1970s. Although he still loves his wife, Marion,  Chris still experiences boredom. A visit from an old friend, the carefree Toni, ([[Lee Ross  causes Chris to re-evaluate his life and to recall his time spent in Paris ten years before where he was in a relationship with an exciting French woman named Annick  and dreamed of becoming a photographer. Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party, until he discovers that Toni has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency. When Marion, who has herself resisted sexual advances from Toni, points out to Chris that Toni is actually jealous of all that Chris has, Chris realises that although his life may lack perpetual excitement he has made the right decisions and is content. The film explores the tension between the youthful idealism of a hedonistic existence and that of the inevitable middle-class establishment. 'Metroland' refers to the London suburbs which are served by the expansive Underground network, an environment that Chris and Toni had always promised themselves they would escape. The narrative format is largely the flashback, with extended portions showing Chris as a 21 year old living in Paris. The primary difference between this film and the 1980 novel Metroland on which it is based is the narrative structure: the book proceeds chronologically from Chris' youth to the early years of his marriage whereas the film uses flashbacks to his time in Paris. In the book Chris is a graduate student while in Paris, and has no interest in photography. Finally, in the book Chris' encounter with another woman at a party was not arranged by Toni, nor is there any indication that Toni has made a pass at Chris' wife Marion. Much of the dialogue from the book is preserved in the film.
28988.0	0.0	Kutty ([[Vijay  wants to become a singer while working as a local cable provider run by Mani . His songs are appreciated by a college student Rukmani ([[Simran  and each time when she wishes to meet him, circumstances project him as a transitive element. He also becomes the cause for Rukmani losing her eyesight and repents for it. He starts to love her and he regularly writes to his mother about the development of love he has for Rukmani. When his mother dies, she offers her eyes to Rukmani. To meet the cost of the eye transplant, kutty offers his kidney to a Pune-based richman. While returning home he inadvertently becomes an accomplice in creating explosives and he is arrested. Having regained her vision, Rukmani, who had studied for IAS, becomes a Collector and when Kutty tries to contact her, he is still the rowdy element in her mind. Finally the confusion is cleared and the lovers can be together.
25605.0	0.0	The concluding film in Im's General's Son trilogy, the film tells the story of Kim Du-han, a gangster and later politician, during the Japanese occupation of Korea.
9394.0	1.0	Muskaan  is an orphan girl living on a farm run by her overly-protective older brother, Vishal ([[Arbaaz Khan  and their 'Chachu' . Muskaan's childhood friend, Ujaala , has been carrying a torch for the brooding Vishal since childhood, but he won't give her the time of day. Later on Muskaan decides she wants to go to university in the Mumbai and has to persuade her brother to let her go. Once in the big city, Suraj , an underachieving student, who does not get along with his stepmother and is estranged from his father, falls in love with Muskaan. After a few attempts at messing with Muskaan and trying to get her attention, Suraj finally succeeds and Muskaan falls in love with him. One day, when Vishal comes to visit Muskaan, he is mistakenly considered her boyfriend by Suraj and his group of friends. They consequently try to fight Vishal but instead get beat up. Vishal does not like Suraj because his terms and conditions of his future brother-in-law are very strenuous physically and he thinks Suraj is neither competent nor a man to be taken seriously. And he decides to bring Muskaan back to the farm sensing Suraj's bad influence on her studies. Suraj pursues her and starts working on the farm as a stable boy after a chance meeting with 'Chachu' in which he saves Chachu's life. Vishal decides to give Suraj another chance and puts him to the test; however, he is rejected. Vishal wants Muskaan to marry the brother of Thakur Vijay Singh , not knowing that Thakur Vijay Singh is doing this to merely extract vengeance against the Thakur family for a previous humiliation his own family received. So Suraj must now prevent this from happening and he must also be able to win Vishal's heart if he is really interested in marrying Muskaan.
10286.0	1.0	"Pari is a student of literature at a university in Tehran. She is a confident yet angry girl who is projecting her inner struggle by outwards aggression towards her tutor, her fiancé and her brother and she is on the verge of a nervous breakdown or a mental suicide. An old sufi book by the name of ""solook"" helps take her on a journey to find herself and discover who she really is. Her brother helps her accomplish this goal."
2861.0	1.0	Kajal  is the daughter of Prof. Sidhant Sharma . Karan  is a criminal working for Gajraj Chaudhry  who falls in love with Kajal and follows her everywhere. Initially she dislikes him. But gradually they fall in love and Karan leaves the world of crime to return to a normal life. Rajeev aka Raju  comes back from America and is to be married to Kajal. Kajal leaves Karan which breaks his heart and he starts visiting Tulsibai ([[Tabu , a tawaif . Raju learns that his Dad  and Uncle Gajraj are into illegal activities. He tries to destroy their business. So Karan is given the contract of killing Raju. Karan finds out that Raju is Kajal's husband. And what does he do? Does he decide to kill his lover's husband to unite with her?
34976.0	0.0	"The film follows the adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles , a debonair but faux pas-prone Englishman, who is smitten with Carrie, an attractive American , whom Charles repeatedly meets at weddings and at a funeral. The first wedding is that of Angus  and Laura , at which Charles is the best man. Charles and his collection of single friends wonder if they will ever get married. At this wedding, Charles meets Carrie for the first time and spends the night with her. Carrie teases him by pretending that, now they have been to bed together, they will also have to get married, which Charles endeavours to respond to before realising she is joking. She then goes back home to America, observing that they may have missed an opportunity. The second wedding is that of Bernard  and Lydia , a couple who got together at the previous wedding. Rowan Atkinson makes his second appearance, this time as a fully fledged but gaffe-prone priest conducting his first wedding ceremony through his connection as a friend of the family. Charles is happy to discover that Carrie is attending the wedding, until she introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks , a wealthy politician from Scotland. At the reception, Charles finds himself seated at a table with several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his inability to be discreet, and afterwards bumps into Henrietta , with whom he had a difficult relationship. As the evening wears on, Charles finds himself in an empty hotel suite watching Carrie and Hamish leave in a taxicab, only to be trapped in the bath after the newlyweds suddenly stumble into the room to have sex. After Charles awkwardly exits the room, Henrietta confronts him about his habit of ""serial monogamy"", telling him that he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him. Shortly after this encounter, Charles runs into Carrie , and they end up spending another night together. A few months later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie's wedding in Scotland. While shopping for a present in London he accidentally bumps into Carrie in a shop and ends up helping her select her wedding dress. Carrie also astonishes him with a list of her more than thirty sexual partners . He later tries to confess his love to her and hints that he would like to have a relationship with her. However, he says it rather lamely, and the confession obviously comes too late. The third wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish at a Scottish castle. Charles attends, depressed at the prospect of Carrie's marrying Hamish. As the reception gets under way, Gareth  instructs his friends to go forth and seek potential mates; Fiona's brother, Tom , stumbles through an attempt to connect with the minister's wife, while Charles's flatmate, Scarlett , strikes up a conversation with a tall, attractive American named Chester. As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance as husband and wife, Charles's friend Fiona  deduces his feelings about Carrie. When Charles asks why Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has always loved Charles since they first met years ago. Charles is surprised and empathetic, but does not requite her love. At the wedding, Gareth dies suddenly of a heart attack: Gareth's partner Matthew ([[John Hannah  is in another part of the room listening to the groom's toast when Gareth dies. The funeral is that of Gareth. At the funeral, Matthew recites the poem Funeral Blues  by W. H. Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth.BBC Leicester: Interview with Simon Callow Retrieved 2012-05-07John Hannah Unofficial Website: John Hannah interview in The Scotsman, 17 April 2000 Retrieved 2012-05-07 After the funeral, Charles and Tom have a discussion about whether hoping to find your ""one true love"" is just a futile effort, and ponder that, while their clique have always viewed themselves as proud-to-be-single, Gareth and Matthew had in fact been a ""married"" couple among them all the while. The fourth wedding takes place ten months later, and is that of Charles, who has decided to marry Henrietta. However, moments before the ceremony, Carrie arrives at the church and reveals to Charles that she and Hamish are no longer together. Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf brother David . At the altar, when the vicar asks if anyone knows a reason why the couple should not marry, David asks Charles to translate for him, and says in sign language that he suspects the groom is having doubts and loves someone else. The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else, and Charles replies, ""I do."" Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is abruptly halted. Finally, Carrie visits Charles, who is recovering from the debacle, to check that he is OK and apologise for attending. Charles confesses that, while standing at the altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally and utterly loved one person, ""and it wasn't the person standing next to me in the veil."" Charles makes a proposal of lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, saying, ""Do you think not being married to me might maybe be something you could consider doing for the rest of your life?"" Carrie responds by saying, ""I do."" The song ""Going to the Chapel"" is then played as we see Henrietta marry a member of the guard, Scarlett marry Chester, David marry his girlfriend, Tom marry his distant cousin Deirdre , Matthew with a new partner , Fiona marry Prince Charles , and Charles and Carrie with their son -- presumably not married."
27431.0	0.0	Luisa, a middle class housewife living in Santander, Northern Spain, has a comfortable existence with her husband Ramiro, who has a successful medico-dental career. They have two children: Ramirín and Ángela. One winter day, Luisa, stopping in a traffic light, spots her ex-husband, Ángel, who is selling tissues on the streets. After that brief encounter, the next day, Luisa looks for Ángel in the area where she saw him before. She finds him wandering about the city in destitution. Overcome with sentimentality and, over Ramiro's objections, Luisa takes Ángel into her home in an effort to help him and rebuild the friendship the three of them once had. Luisa is convinced that destiny has reunited them. Luisa, Ángel and Ramiro were three inseparable friends in their childhood and youth. Once they became adults, they formed an uneasy love triangle in which the two men were rivals for Luisa's affection. Luisa married Ángel, but two years later, she left him to marry Ramiro, who she thought was the one she was mean to be with. Ramiro is not pleased to see again his former friend who by now he wishfully presumed to be dead. Unwillingly, he accepts Ángel's presence. He thought Ángel was working in construction living a prosperous life in South America. However, after his divorce from Luisa's, Ángel spent all his money in a restless life. He reappears after more than ten years of absence, broke and ill. Ángel still loves Luisa and has never overcome his feelings of resentment about their divorce. He still wears the ring she gave him in their first and only wedding anniversary. The ring has the inscription: P.R.E.O.M. that stands for: To be reunited in the other world . Initially overwhelmed by Luisa's mystical and deranged streak, Ángel tries to leave but Ángela brings him back home. He has fits, foaming, and blood in the mouth. Medical results show that he is terminally ill. Soon, Ramiro and Ángel shift from friends to enemies and have a bitter confrontation. Luisa is torn between them. She loves Ángel as a part of herself, but also loves her husband and beyond reason, wants to have them both. Ángel establishes a friendship with the couple's little children, Ramirin and Ángela. The girl is more sympathetic and the boy, always taking his father side, is a little hostile. Ángel spellbinds them both with his offbeat stories and his directness. He takes them to a short trip to the beach where he reenacts with them a scene from his own childhood. He sees in the children the reflection of his own youth and his erstwhile friendship with Luisa and Ramiro. While Ángel is at the beach, Ramiro and Luisa find out that Ángel is terminally ill and has very little time to live. Ramiro hopes he can wait out Ángel's declining health, while Luisa does not accept the medical verdict. As Ángel's health worsens, Luisa insists upon caring for him in the house rather than sending him off to a hospital. He is soon bedridden and in constant pain. Luisa makes love to him, and when she returns to Ramiro in their bedroom, she has sex with her husband. She loves them both intensely and equally. When Ángel condition worsens, he falls in to coma, Luisa, alone through force of will brings him back to life to the astonishment of her husband and children. She takes Ángel to bed, and in spite of his illness makes love to him. She does not deceive her husband, she tells him so right after. Ramiro takes the information with resignation knowing that the end is near for his rival. When Ángel is at death's door, Ramiro prepares a lethal doze of anesthetic to accelerate his death. In the final moment, the dying man makes a final, desperate bid to steal his ex-wife away from her new spouse. He grasps the hypodermic needle with its overdose of anesthetic and kills Ramiro. Dragging himself to his rival's marital bed, Ángel dies next to Luisa. Luisa then takes a ring with P.R.E.O.M. written on the inside from her dresser and puts it on the now dead Ramiro, to bring the two ex-friends and rivals together in the after life. Luisa and the children follow two funeral cars to the cemetery, both coffins have written: to be reunited in the other world.
16841.0	1.0	Paul, Matt and Will, three best friends decide to go on holiday together. Paul  brings his lover Ben, but their five-year relationship is unstable owing to Paul's continued moodiness over the death of his brother Mark; Matt brings Owen, with whom he wants a lifelong relationship but whose boisterous personality doesn't suit him; and Will brings Adam, a 20-year old one-night stand. Mark's lover also comes along for some sense of closure.
22894.0	1.0	Poor Raja opens a fast food restaurant right opposite a five star hotel run by its owner Singhania, earning his wrath. The wealthy hotel owner uses all his influence to remove Raja, but in vain. Things get worse for the wealthy man, when his daughter Kiran wants to marry the poor hotelier.{{citation}} The wealthy man refuses, leading to a confrontation and a condition - which Raja fulfills, he becomes rich virtually overnight, and proposes for the hand of Kiran. The wealthy hotelier reluctantly accepts him as his son-in-law, only to have Kiran elope with a man named Rahul.
2514.0	0.0	A group of women arrive by bus to a small town in the depopulated central Province of Guadalajara, where there is a scarcity of single women and economic opportunities. The men have organized an annual party to get to know available ladies with the hopes of falling in love and finding a wife. Women hope to find stability, companionship, immigration papers or a combination of the three. The group of women include: Marirrosi a divorced nurse from Bilbao who is lonely and looking for love; Patricia a young woman with two children from the Dominican Republic who has been in Spain illegally and unable to find work; and Milady a beautiful black young Cuban who wants to see the world at any cost. They come to the town filled with eager men but not lots of opportunities other than farming. Patricia settles with Damian, a hardworking farmer who lives with his mother, Gregoria. Looking to find stability for her young children and a hard worker herself, Patricia tries in vain to find common ground with her stern mother-in-law, who seems to reject her because of her skin color and the fact that her son is no longer under her control. Patrica, with more time and experience in Spain, befriends the newcomer Milady. Milady settles with Carmelo an older Spanish man who wooed her in Havana. Carmelo tries to impress her with a big television and modern kitchen, but what she really wants to do is go to discos and have fun. She is in no way ready to settle down. Her dream of a life in Europe is very different from his fantasy of life with a gorgeous young wife. Milady is flirty and does not love Carmelo. Wanting to see the ocean in Valencia, she takes a ride from a truck driver. When she comes back to town, the jealous Carmelo gives her a beating. Milady wishes she could leave him, but she has few friends a no real place to go. Marirrosi, the oldest of the three women, has a grown up son and is tired of her job in Bilbao. She finds love with Alfonso, a gentle soft spoken gardener. However, she is unwilling to give up city life for fields and cows while he is not made for city life. Unable to resolve their differences, she eventually breaks up with him. At the farm, Patricia receives the visit of some of her friends and this generates a confrontation with Gregoria, but Damian’s comes to Patricia’s defense and the relation between the two women improves. However the father of Patricia’s two children reappears in her life wanting to take advantage of her steadier situation. In a frank talk with Damian, Patricia admits that if she could have found work and been able to take care for herself either in the Dominican Republic or Spain, she probably wouldn't have married him. But now that she is there, she offers herself as a companion and as a stable love. Milady captures the attention of Oscar, a young man infatuated with her. He helps her escape the town but in a stop in a hotel he also leaves him, taking the road on her own. Damian and Patricia have an argument after her honest revelation. He believes that she is taken advantage of him and she decides to leave with her children. At the last minute, persuaded by his mother, Damian stops them for leaving and he and Patricia reconcile. At the local church, Patricia’s daughter makes her first communion. Alfonso is devastated when he receives Marirrosi’s letter breaking up with him. Carmelo deals alone with his disappointment of Milady’s sudden departure. At the village’s bar Alfonso gives some advice to the local single men. Another bus, full of hopeful single women, is arriving to town.
3392.0	0.0	In Seattle, straight-laced Matt Leland  falls in love with Casey Roberts , the new girl at their high school who is from Chicago. They begin a sexual relationship. His father disapproves of this and her parents try to stop the young couple from continuing to see each other. She deliberately sets off the fire alarm at school, knowing that there is no fire there, and is subsequently suspended from school. She has an argument with her parents when they tell her they are sending her to a boarding school. She takes an overdose and her parents subsequently arrange to have her committed. He helps her escape from an acute psychiatric ward, and as they run away they both deal with her borderline personality disorder. Casey is eccentric in nature. Her impulsiveness and extreme risk-taking attitude and behavior is attributed to her illness, in which she experiences severe highs and lows of emotion. Her frequent intense feelings, of passion towards Matt and of fear and destructiveness, dominate her persona. Throughout the relationship, Matt selflessly puts her needs before his. The severity of this increases as her mental state worsens. Heading toward Mexico in his SUV, Casey becomes increasingly reckless and over-emotional. They crash and abandon the vehicle. They hitchhike, accepting a lift from a salesman . He puts his hand on her crotch, she puts her lit cigarette against his face. He throws her out and a fight ensues between him and Matt. The couple steal his car and continue their journey. She becomes more distressed and he does his best to help her. He becomes scared, and after she threatens suicide, and also threatens to kill him, with a gun she took from the glove compartment in the salesman's car, they return to Seattle and their families, where she is readmitted to the psychiatric hospital. He goes home and much later receives a letter from her telling him she has moved back to Chicago and now feels significantly better. She says she has good memories of their time together.
14551.0	0.0	Harikrishan  is the youngest son of Thrivikram Muthallali. His brothers Jayakrishnan and Gopikrishan are not as handsome as him. He wants to earn a good living and so sets forth to a Tamil village as manager of a courier company. Hari sees a young Tamil woman named Pavizham  who is being forced by her father to get married against her will. The two fall in love and elope. Hari is afraid of whether or not his parents would agree to their marriage, so he keeps Pavizham undercover as a maid in his home. When Hari goes away on business, his parents realize that Pavizham is pregnant and decide to dismiss her from her job. When Hari returns home, he is forced to reveal that Pavizham is his wife. Hari's mother, who likes Pavizham, scolds Hari for keeping his wife as a servant &mdash; she and her husband express their willingness to accept Pavizham as their daughter-in-law.
5894.0	0.0	Two Indian Secret Service Agents, Ajay Saxena and Abdul, are not only co-workers, but also live like brothers and family. Their Chief asks Abdul to take charge of Project M, dealing with India's nuclear capability for defense, while Ajay proceeds on a vacation to Switzerland. Once there, he meets with beautiful Anju and both fall in love with each other. When he returns to India, he is told that Abdul has been killed, the file pertaining to Project M is missing, and he is assigned the task of not only recovering the file but also apprehending the culprits. Ajay sets out to Bangalore and finds that Anju also lives there with her wealthy businessman dad, Brij Mohan alias BM.. Ajay will soon find out that his romance with Anju is short-lived as her dad may be connected with the masterminds who had the secret file stolen, and are now determined to do away with Ajay as they had with Abdul.
26266.0	1.0	"Iris King is a working-class mother and widow in Connecticut with a job at a large commercial bakery. Still getting over the death of her husband, she lives from paycheck to paycheck as she raises her two children, Kelly and Richard. Also visiting at times are her unemployed sister Sharon and Sharon's abusive husband Joe. Iris and her family live in a high crime area. Eventually, Kelly becomes pregnant and adds more fuel to the family fires. One of the few bright spots in her life is her blossoming friendship with Stanley Cox, a nice guy whom she first meets when he comes to her aid after her purse is stolen by a street thug on a public bus. Stanley works in the bakery's staff cafeteria, and he comforts her after she is roughed up by the thug. As their friendship develops, Iris starts noticing a few odd things about Stanley. While retrieving a pair of repaired shoes, and without the claim stub, he is asked to sign his name, but instead just jumps the counter, grabs the shoes and hurries from the shop. Iris notices this behavior. It is revealed that he cannot sign his name, does not drive, rides a bicycle and still lives with his elderly father. It slowly dawns on Iris that Stanley is illiterate. Iris asks Stanley for some pain medication in the cafeteria lunch line, but Stanley offers her every small bottle, but never the requested one. In the midst of this encounter, the manager storms in yelling about some $2000 worth of supposedly stolen food supplies, however Stanley hasn't a clue about the shipping orders being waved in his face. Iris hears this exchange from the threatening manager, innocently tells the boss that Stanley couldn't be the culprit because can't read or write. The next day, Stanley gets fired, his illiteracy makes him a safety threat to others even though he is a good cook and makes great soups. Stanley's loss of a job is troubling, he now has to move, put his elderly father in a shabby boarding home, and live in a garage while taking odd jobs as a toilet attendant and day laborer. His father is not ill, has never taken any medications and still in control of his faculties, but now must share a small dorm room with three other old men. Stanley's concern is obvious. He will visit every Sunday and his father food to supplement that offered the boarding house. After a few weeks his father dies at the home and the management for several days couldn't contact Stanley, who has no phone, place of work, nor any real address. He is devastated that he couldn't take care of his father during his final years. There is a deeply pained look on Stanley's face as he receives his father's few personal belongings. Stanley tracks down Iris waiting for a bus, and asks her 'teach me to read'. Iris questions his motives and he explains how as a boy he bounced from school to school, sat in back and never learned to read or write nor was he expected to do much. His father was a flatware salesman and moved constantly with Stanley in tow. In his youth, he and his father were close and shared all they could, their lives filled with hotels, strangers, moving and just getting by. Stanley starts reading lessons from Iris and, at one point, asks her, ""When was the last time you were with a man?"" She replies, ""I took one to the hospital the last time."" Stanley gets closer to the family. During a visit to the local park, he takes her son Richard for a tour of the trees and can identify the common name and Latin name for each species. Richard asks how he could learn all that and Stanley says he took a leaf to a Japanese nursery and explained that he liked trees, they did too, so he sat on a bag of fertilizer one afternoon and learned them all. The boy confides that he's afraid of the dark and he appreciated his father letting him leave the light on at night. Stanley responds, ""My father was the light."" He says that if he had been able to read, his father could still be alive today. Kelly King tells her mother that she does not want the baby she's carrying. Iris astonishes her with news that during her pregnancy with Kelly she felt the same way, that Kelly had been unplanned, that she did not look like her, and that she wanted it taken away. While in the hospital, baby Kelly began to show blood, the nurse told Iris that this is perfectly normal, just the hormones all mixed up in the child. Iris continues, ""And from that moment on, this little girl was her little girl."" They hug and the mini-crisis is over. Stanley arrives for another reading lesson, dull and unprepared. Iris has a short fuse and, after finding out that he had watched sports on television instead of doing his homework, tells him not to waste her time. Her sex life is nil and she's angry because a high school classmate had commented that she could hardly recognize her. Stanley gets up and tells Iris to quit ironing and let him take over. Iris rests and Stanley continues with the ironing and the rest of the reading. Iris mentions that they have become friends, but before she moves forward with a man there will be lots of questions: health issues, blood tests, background information and enough time to get to know him well. This is fine with Stanley. The next disaster happens on a Saturday afternoon when Stanley attempts to meet Iris at the corner of Washington and Post Streets, a short walk using a map that should take about 15 minutes. Stanley starts off, gets confused, cannot fully navigate with the map nor the street signs. He asks a taxi driver, who gives Stanley directions using other street names , just as the children playing in the street do. Hours later, the sun gone, he finally reaches the intended corner. Iris is frantic. Stanley is frustrated and embarrassed, and marches off. He can only navigate by churches, tall buildings, landmarks and such. Stanley's now sees that he's trapped by his reading disability. Stanley goes to a concert in the park where Iris and Richard see his aloofness and let it be. Iris is not ready to quit. She feels she has made a mistake and decides to track down Stanley in his garage home. She wants him to go to a school or restart with her. While there she sees his complex machine and his mechanical and design talent. He has built a large, quiet, efficient, cake-cooling machine that appears as good as any that would be found in commercial bakeries. Engineers from a tool and dye company have an interest in it and Stanely. Iris learns that Stanley built this in his midnight to 4 am prison. Some men paint or draw or have other hobbies, but this is his personal prison. Stanley restarts reading with Iris and pulls out a pair of reading glasses and reveals his needing them. He now works as a short order cook and and reads between orders. He has started writing short sentences on a board. Wearing a threadbare jacket, Iris offers him a better one which had belonged to her husband. Putting it on, Stanley tells Iris that 'a new man' is in it. Stanley tells of his interest in Iris. Kelly gives birth to a daughter, and Stanley is there to add comfort and support. Kelly wants to name the baby after her mom, they settle on her middle name, Estelle. Iris is shown walking down the street with two bags of groceries. She enters her home to the smell and clatter of someone cooking in her kitchen. Stanley tells her to wash her hands and sit down for the meal he has prepared: turkey and all the trimmings. Everyone decides on white or dark, wing or leg, the baby coos, and the food is a big hit. Iris only smiles and says, ""This is good."" Stanley comes by later and learns from Iris that she no longer goes to the grave, and her health problems are in remission. Kelly shows up at work as a cart pusher, she blurts ""I quit school"" and Iris replies ""Don't you know this line isn't going anywhere?"" That evening, Richard sees someone walking outside in the cool night air. Iris goes out and barks at the fellow and it turns out to be Stanley. She gets him to come in and discuss his problems. He's been offered a job in Detroit, accepted and will be taking off. First, though, he has to tell Iris how truly grateful he is and that he will be back. Iris shows him the letter she never mailed, all stained with gravy and ketchup. Stanley reads it perfectly. He and Iris go to a public library where Stanley reads out loud about engine electrical systems, compost piles with rotted manure, and, from the Bible: ""let there be light and there was light!"" The librarian tells him this is a library to which Stanley replies, ""Yes lady, I know it's a library — it's my library!"" Stanley and Iris spend the night together. They joke about bringing old sleeping wear, the fact that Iris married young and had children young, and that she had little experience with other men. The next scene is Stanley going off to Detroit for his new job. Stenley says he will call, but Iris tells him 'to save his money and write her'. After several months, we see Iris walking down the street with two bags of groceries. Stanley pulls up alongside in his new Oldsmobile. Iris gets in and Stanley asks if she got his letters. She did: ""ten letters, one Christmas card, two Valentine's Day cards, and one Happy Easter"". Iris is full of questions, ""Your car...? Lost your job...? Why are you here?"" Stanley replies, ""After twenty-four payments. No — got a raise. I'm here for you."" Stanley asks if she is paying attention and she says, ""Every word."" He tells her he has his eyes set on a large, six-bedroom, one-bathroom house in Detroit. With a gleam, Iris warns him about seven doctor visits a year, five dentist trips and lots of noise with the baby and TV. Stanley replies simply, ""I'm here."" As they walk into the Connecticut house, Iris asks if they could remove a wall for another bathroom, Stanley says ""anything is possible."""
15927.0	0.0	"In Poland in 1968, a little girl is shown the stars in the winter sky by her mother, who identifies the Christmas Eve star. In France, a little girl is shown one of the first leaves of spring by her mother, who points out the fine veins running through. In Poland in 1990, a young Polish woman named Weronika  is singing at an outdoor concert with her choir when a sudden downpour causes the singers to rush for cover. Weronika alone continues to hold the last note while the rain falls on her smiling face. After the concert, Weronika meets her boyfriend, Antek , and they go to his apartment to make love. The next day she asks her father to tell Antek she is leaving to be with her sick aunt in Kraków. She tells him that lately she feels she's not alone in the world. Weronika travels to Kraków by train looking out at the passing landscape through a small clear rubber ball. At her aunt's house, Weronika talks about her boyfriend, then meets a friend at a concert rehearsal. As the choir rehearses, Weronika, who is watching offstage, accompanies them in a beautiful high soprano voice. Afterwards, the musical director asks her to audition. Overjoyed, Weronika rushes home with the sheet music. On the way, she passes through Main Market Square, where a protest rally is in progress. One protester runs into her, causing her to drop her music folder. After retrieving the sheet music, Weronika notices a French tourist taking photos of the protestors—a young woman who looks exactly like her. Weronika smiles as she watches her double board the tourist bus that soon pulls away. At the audition, Weronika's singing impresses the musical director and conductor, and is later told that she won the audition. The next day, while on a trolley studying the score, Weronika notices her boyfriend Antek following on his motorbike. When they talk, she apologizes for not returning his calls, and Antek tells her he loves her. Later, while getting dressed for the concert, Weronika presses her face against a window and sees an old woman with shopping bags slowly making her way along the street. That night during the concert, while singing a solo part, Weronika collapses onstage and dies—her spirit passing over the audience. In Paris that day, a young French woman named Véronique , after making love with her former boyfriend, is overwhelmed with sadness, as if she were grieving. The next day, at the school where she teaches music, Véronique attends a marionette performance with her class. During the performance—a story about a ballet dancer who breaks her leg and then turns into a butterfly—Véronique watches the puppeteer controlling the marionettes.{{#tag:ref|The puppet acts in The Double Life of Véronique were performed by American puppeteer and sculptor Bruce Schwartz. Unlike most puppeteers who usually hide their hands in gloves or use strings or sticks, Schwartz shows his hands while performing.|group""musicolog"">{{cite web}} That night while driving home, she sees the puppeteer at a traffic light motioning to her not to light the wrong end of her cigarette. Later she is awakened by a phone call with no one speaking, but in the background she hears a choir singing the music of Van den Budenmayer. The next day, Véronique drives to her father's house where she reveals she is in love with someone she doesn't know, and that recently she felt she was alone—that someone was gone from her life. Back in Paris, Véronique receives a mysterious letter containing a shoelace which she throws away. That night she is awakened by a strange light reflecting from a neighbor's mirror. Véronique retrieves the mysterious shoelace, and later while contemplating her recent EKG graph, she holds the shoestring across the graph paper in a straight line. Véronique learns that the puppeteer is a children's book author named Alexandre Fabbri , whose marionette story was based on his book Libellule & Papillon. One of his other books is about a shoelace. In the coming days, Véronique reads several of Alexandre's books. When Véronique visits her father, he gives her a package addressed to her containing a cassette tape. When she's alone, she listens to the mysterious recording of a typewriter, footsteps, a door opening, a train station, and a fragment of music by Van den Budenmayer. There are also sounds of a car accident and explosion. The postage stamp on the envelope leads Véronique to a Gare Saint-Lazare train station cafe where she believes the cassette recording was made. There she sees Alexandre sitting by himself, as if waiting for her. He tells her he's been waiting for her for two days, that he's working on a new book, and that this was a kind of experiment to see if she would come to him. Angered at being manipulated, Véronique leaves and takes a taxi to a nearby hotel, After checking in, she sees Alexandre, who apparently ran after the taxi. He asks for her forgiveness, and she brings him up to her room, where they both fall asleep. During the night, he wakes her up and tells her he loves her, and they make love. The next morning she tells him, ""All my life I've felt like I was here and somewhere else at the same time."" While looking at a proof sheet of photos taken on Véronique's recent trip to Poland, Alexandre notices what he thinks is a photo of Véronique, but she assures him it is not her, that she in fact took the photo—of a young Polish woman carrying a music folder. Véronique crumples the proof sheet and breaks down in tears. Alexandre comforts her and they make love again. Later at his apartment, Véronique sees Alexandre working on a new marionette with her image. When asked about the purpose of a second identical marionette, Alexandre explains, ""I handle them a lot when I perform. They get damaged easily."" He shows her how to work the one marionette while the double lays lifeless on the table. Some time later, Alexandre reads his new book to Véronique about two women, born the same day in different cities, who have a mysterious connection. Later that day, Véronique arrives at her father's house, stops at the front gate, and reaches out and touches an old tree.At the request of Harvey Weinstein, the United States distributor, Kieślowski added four brief shots to the end of the film showing Véronique's father emerging from the house and Véronique running across the yard to embrace him. The final image of the father and daughter embracing is shot from inside the house through a window."
10905.0	0.0	Two snake spirits have been training for many centuries to take human form and experience the love, freedom and wisdom that is supposedly only available to humans. White Snake  is the more experienced one and proceeds to get engaged with local scholar Hsui Xien , with whom she plans to have a child which would complete her passage into the mortal realm. Green Snake  is the younger and more impulsive of the two sisters and she is not yet quite sure about the benefits of the human world. The two snakes move into their magically created house and start a successful medical practice in the town. Their enemies are a buffoonish Taoist and an overzealous Buddhist monk Fa Hoi  who make various attempts to banish them from the human world. The monk thinks of himself as a keeper of the natural order of the world and is very prejudiced against spiritual beings seeking to improve themselves. He brings things to a head when he abducts White's husband from the human/spirit mixed marriage into his religious reeducation camp&ndash;styled temple. The pregnant White Snake and the Green Snake proceed to rescue Hsui Xien with their magical prowess. They pit their skills against the monk by trying to flood the temple situated atop a mountain, thereby causing severe catastrophe in the region.
28512.0	0.0	The story is set in the 1950s. A young American woman living in London, Cary Porter , recently started working at a large multinational firm where she meets accountant Ian Bertram . He falls head over hills in love with her and soon proposes. The head of the company, Herbert Dreuther , offers them a wedding and to pay for a honeymoon in Monte Carlo, as well as the use of his yacht. Unfortunately, the well-meaning Herbert soon forgets all about the couple and his promise to send his yacht. When it does not arrive, Ian decides he has a sound way to win at roulette in order to pay their large hotel bill. As he becomes involved at the gambling tables, he leaves Cary to herself, and although his plan works and he wins big, enough to pay their bill, get them home, and have plenty money left over, their marriage is in big trouble.
7391.0	0.0	The film describes a year in the life of Emma Woodhouse, a congenial but naïve young woman who thinks of herself as a romantic matchmaker in her small community in early-19th-century England. When her governess, Miss Taylor, gets married and goes to live with her new husband, Mr Weston, Emma proudly takes credit for having brought the couple together. Her father and their old family friend George Knightley dispute her claim and disapprove of her trying to make more matches, but she ignores their warnings and sets her mind on setting up Mr Elton, the minister who performed the Westons's marriage ceremony, with Harriet Smith, an unsophisticated young woman just entering society. As a close friendship develops between Emma and Harriet, it becomes clear that Harriet is being courted by Robert Martin, a farmer who has known Harriet since she was a girl. When Mr Martin proposes to Harriet, she is inclined to accept, but she has come to rely heavily on Emma's advice, and Emma persuades her to reject the proposal. Meanwhile, Mr Elton has been expressing a desire for Emma by taking an interest in a picture she drew of Harriet and by giving her a riddle for a book of riddles being compiled by Harriet. Emma misinterprets this as interest in Harriet, but when Mr Elton and Emma are alone, he fervently declares his love for Emma herself, and she finally realizes her mistake. She rejects his pleas, and he later marries another woman, who turns out to be a vain socialite who competes with Emma for status in the community. Over the next few months, various gatherings show who loves whom among Emma's friends: * Emma is briefly attracted to a charming, gallant young man named Frank Churchill, Mr Weston's son who comes to visit from London, but Emma soon decides to set him up with Harriet. * Frank Churchill is revealed to have a secret engagement with a shy, pretty woman named Jane Fairfax. * Harriet has no interest in Frank, preferring Mr Knightley, who was the only man who would dance with her at a party. * Mr Knightley danced with Harriet only out of politeness, and is starting to fall in love with Emma. The conclusion of the story begins when Emma ridicules a poor woman named Miss Bates during a picnic, after which Mr. Knightley angrily scolds Emma and leaves town for a while. She finds herself thinking about him while he's away, but doesn't realise she loves him until Harriet expresses interest in him. When Mr Knightley returns, he and Emma cross paths in a meadow and have a conversation that begins awkwardly but ends with him asking her to marry him and her gladly accepting. The news of their engagement upsets Harriet, who avoids Emma for a while, but returns a few weeks later, engaged to Mr Martin. The film ends with Emma and Mr Knightley's wedding.
18805.0	0.0	"Strictly Ballroom tells the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings , and his struggle to establish his personal style of dance in his way to win the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix Dancing Championship. Scott's steps are not strictly ballroom. Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood. Scott's mother Shirley teaches ballroom dancing, and his father Doug meekly handles maintenance chores at the dance studio. After losing a competition to a rival pair, his dancing partner Liz Holt  leaves him for another dancer. With only weeks before the next Pan-Pacific competition, try-outs begin to find Scott a new dance partner but, unknown to his parents, Scott secretly begins rehearsing with frumpy outsider Fran , a learner dancer at his parents' studio. Scott is initially skeptical, but when Fran introduces pasodoble steps into their routine, Scott realises her potential. He walks her home one night and finds her Spanish gypsy family living in a tiny home next to the railway tracks, where Fran's family show him the authentic Spanish pasodoble style. As their rehearsals progress, Fran grows more attractive and self-confident. Scott begins spending all his time rehearsing with Fran at her house, until Barry Fife ([[Bill Hunter , the conniving president of the Australian Dancing Federation, tells Scott he must know ""the truth"" about his parents, Doug and Shirley — they too were ballroom dancing champions until they lost the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix. Fife claims this was because Doug had become self-obsessed and danced his own steps. Barry convinces Scott to dance with Liz instead of Fran so he can win ""for his father's sake"". However, this is later revealed as a lie, part of Barry's plot to fix the competition so Scott and Liz will lose. Scott starts training with Liz, while an unhappy Fran goes back to the beginner's class. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, Scott's father finally manages to pull Scott aside and tells the real story — Doug never danced at the competition because Barry convinced Shirley the only way to win was to dance the conventional steps with their friend Les, but Shirley and Les lost the contest anyway. After hearing his father's revelation, Scott finds Fran and asks her to dance with him. Scott and Fran return to the floor and ""dance from the heart"", drawing cheers and tears of joy from the crowd. A furious Barry Fife interrupts the performance and disqualifies them, but they dance anyway; finally, the music resumes and the couple's spirited dancing brings down the house. In the end, it is not revealed whether Scott and Fran win or lose, as in the story, that is not an important factor. As the performance ends, Doug asks Shirley to dance. The entire audience steps onto the dance floor and all begin dancing as Fran and Scott kiss."
1544.0	0.0	Ranjit Rai  and Harbanslal  are two wealthy business magnates who absolutely despise poor people. They think poor people are like insects who spread germs and disease and contaminate the earth with filthiness. They decide their children, Ajay  and Madhu , would marry wealthy spouses because they hate poor people. They also try to break their children's friendship with Raja  and Kajal  who are poor. One day Ajay spots Kajal and crashes into Madhu's car, creating chaos between Raja and Madhu. Ajay and Kajal fall in love and meet up in Ooty, where Ajay was supposed to go to see Madhu. Raja decides to go to Ooty too as he wanted to tease Madhu over there. There, Madhu put Raja and Ajay in a car with no brakes and Raja decided to get revenge by scaring Madhu into thinking they were dead and their ghosts were going to kill her. This upsets Madhu and she slaps Raja. An angry Raja decides to go back home but Madhu stops him and they kiss each other, eventually falling in love. The next day, their fathers are waiting for Madhu and Ajay . However, they find Ajay with Kajal and Madhu with Raja. This angers them and they try very hard to separate the couples. They try to bribe them and when that doesn't work they try to kill Kajal and Raja. They even deceivingly get Ajay and Madhu to sign a marriage certificate which indicates that they are lawfully married to each other. When the children realize what their fathers really did, they refuse to back down. Eventually, the parents play a nasty trick. They trick the lovers into believing that they have changed their ways and are ready for their children to get married to their lovers as they had wished. But at their engagement ceremony, the fathers show pictures of Raja and Kajal acting very intimate with each other. Raja and Kajal are willing to prove their innocence, but the fathers are determined to keep them away. To make matters worse, Kajal's uncle falsely testifies to the fabricated illicit affair between Raja and Kajal and says that she has also aborted his baby twice. In fact, Kajal's uncle was paid to lie in front of Ajay and Madhu. Ajay and Madhu break up with Kajal and Raja, thus their fathers' plan to separate the lovers and create a rift between Ajay and Raja succeeds. The situation worsens further when Ajay and Madhu think that Kajal is pregnant with Raja's child again as they saw them walking out of a maternity hospital. They go to Raja's house where they see Kajal lying on a bed and sarcastically tell her congrats about her pregnancy. They also tell Raja and Kajal that they are getting married. After hearing about this, Kajal tries to kill herself. But Raja stops her. He then goes to punish those people who caused them misery and ill-fate. He tries to rape Madhu, but Ajay stops him and the police come along with Ajay and Madhu's fathers and arrest him. The police beat Raja brutally and Kajal goes to plead for him to be released from jail. The fathers agree to let him go but on a condition that Kajal and Raja must leave the country for good. Kajal agrees to do so and Raja is set free. Raja refuses to leave the country but Kajal eventually convinces him to do so. Ajay and Madhu's wedding is about to start when Ajay's uncle suddenly shuts the light and shows them pictures which prove that Raja and Kajal are in fact innocent and that the fathers played the dirty trick in order to separate the lovers and get their children to marry each other. Kajal's uncle also testifies that he was paid by the fathers to lie about Raja and Kajal. Ajay tries to kill his father but his conscience stops him. He then tries to kill himself but Madhu stops him. She tells him that this is not the time to repent for their mistakes. This is the time to ask for forgiveness from Raja and Kajal. Ajay's uncle tells them that they should hurry because Raja and Kajal are about to leave the country. Ajay and Madhu rush to the shipyard but the crewman stops them. Ajay pleads his case to the crewman and the crewman agrees to let him go. Fortunately, Ajay and Madhu succeed to stop Raja and Kajal just in time and they ask for forgiveness. Raja and Kajal forgive them and they get back together. Then the fathers show up and ask for forgiveness. The lovers forgive them as they realize that this time indeed the fathers have realized their mistake and the film ends on a happy note.
7750.0	0.0	Beom-soo is a traffic control officer who aspires to become a baseball umpire. By chance he meets Hyun-joo, a theatre major who crashes her car into a tree while he is on duty. Instead of fining her, Beom-soo gives her driving lessons and they soon become friends, exchanging letters with each other when Hyun-joo returns to university. When they next meet in person Beom-soo declares his love for her, only for Hyun-joo to reject him as she plans to go overseas to study. Three years later, Beom-soo is making his debut as a professional baseball umpire, and his feelings of love are reignited when he realises that up-and-coming actress Yoo Ha-rin is none other than Hyun-joo. The two are eventually reunited via the baseball field and resume their relationship, though Hyun-joo's affections are also pursued by Ji-min, the president of an advertising company for which she has appeared in a series of commercials. Hyun-joo eventuntually rejects Ji-min and shows up at the opening game of the Korean Series to throw the first ball, where she kisses Beom-soo in the middle of the field.
19779.0	0.0	"Fourteen-year-old Lisa Holland  lives with her mother Katherine  in Venice Beach, California. Lisa is beginning to show a keen interest in boys but is not allowed to date due to her mother’s strict rule about not dating until she is 16. It is revealed that Katherine had Lisa when she was 14 years old. Abandoned by Lisa's father, Katherine was forced to leave home after her parents demanded that she put Lisa up for adoption. These facts have made Katherine very wary about Lisa dating, feeling that it would further Lisa's desire to date and possibly have sex. Although she has a boyfriend, unbeknownst to Lisa, she keeps him at arm's length and around Lisa rejects the advances of flirtatious men. Despite years of hardship, however, Katherine has managed to build up her own successful florist business, which provides for the both of them very well. Aside from the issue of dating the two have a very good, almost sister-like relationship, although when they are at odds Katherine does make it clear that she is the mother. Lisa’s desire to have a boyfriend is furthered by her best friend Wendy Marks, whose less-strict mother and father have allowed her to start dating. Lisa keeps a secret scrapbook of men she encounters and would secretly like to date. In the meanwhile there is a serial killer running loose in Venice, nicknamed the Candlelight Killer, so called because he seduces and rapes his victims by candlelight before killing them. The Candlelight Killer is a suave, good-looking, and successful restaurateur named Richard , who looks more like a sexy model than a serial killer. Richard stalks good-looking women and then kills them once he finds out where they live. Uniquely, Richard calls his victims over the telephone leaving messages on their answering machines saying he's in their house and is going to kill them. As the women are listening to his message Richard grabs them from behind and then begins his candlelight rape and murder of them. In the opening of the film he does this to a woman named Mary , and later on to two other women named Allison and Judy. One night Lisa is coming home from the grocery store and accidentally runs into Richard, knocking her groceries onto the sidewalk. Richard is leaving the house of Allison, whom he has just killed, and helps Lisa up while flirting with her. Lisa is mesmerized by his good looks and follows him to his car once he leaves, copying down his license plate number. Through the DMV she is able to get his address and telephone number. Upset that her mother has refused to allow her to go on a double date with Wendy, Lisa begins to call up Richard on the phone and engages him in seducing conversation. Richard is intrigued by their conversations, yet is more interested in finding out who she is, mainly because he is the one now being stalked. Lisa and Wendy follow Richard finding out where he lives and works. Lisa even gets into Richard's car alone at one point only to have to hide in the back seat when he unexpectedly shows up. All this goes on unknown to Katherine, and with each succeeding conversation, in which Lisa reveals more about herself including her scrapbook, Richard pushes Lisa towards meeting him for a date. Still at a standoff with her mother when it comes to dating, Wendy suggests that Lisa set up Katherine with Richard, implying that maybe if her mother gets some she will ease up and let Lisa date. As Easter weekend approaches Lisa plans to go away with Wendy and her family to Big Bear, California as Katherine stays behind due to Easter being one of her busiest weekends. Katherine and Lisa decide to have a girls' night out dinner before she leaves and Lisa makes reservations at Richard's restaurant. Lisa calls Richard telling him that she will be at the restaurant that night and will wear a sexy white dress, the dress that her mother is wearing. While at the restaurant Lisa and her mother get into a quiet argument over dating again, with Lisa telling her mother that ""if she got laid once in a while maybe she wouldn't be such a bitch about [her] dating"". A furious Katherine goes to the bathroom telling Lisa to pay the bill with her credit card. As she is signing for the bill Lisa sees Richard and leaves him a love note with it. As Katherine comes out of the bathroom she bumps into Richard who recognizes her sexy white dress. Richard gets the love note with the bill, which reveals Katherine's credit card information, which he uses to track her down. Meanwhile a furious Katherine grounds Lisa due to the fight, forbidding her to go to Big Bear with Wendy. Despite this, Lisa goes anyway, leaving Katherine in their apartment all alone. Katherine calls Lisa in Big Bear telling her that she will deal with her when she comes home. Meanwhile Richard begins to stalk the unsuspecting Katherine. He hides in her car, smoking cigarettes, which unnerves Katherine when she gets in the car and sees the cigarettes yet no one there. While in Big Bear, Lisa decides to give Richard a call. He reveals to her that he knows her name is Katherine, thinking Lisa is her mother, and that he knows where she lives. Fearing that her mother will find out about her calls to Richard, she phones Katherine and leaves a message telling her to ignore Richard if he calls, saying that he is a kid from school who is playing a joke. Richard meanwhile prepares to kill Katherine, buying candles at the local grocery store and asking the cashier for change so that he can use the pay phone. On the night Lisa is to return from Big Bear, Katherine enters the apartment and plays her answering machine. She hears Richard's message and discounts it as a joke, based on Lisa's earlier message. Thinking Lisa is home, she goes into her room only to be attacked by Richard. Meanwhile Lisa returns home and enters the apartment. She sees her bedroom door open and sees her secret scrapbook opened on the floor with a lamp shining onto it. Running into her room she is attacked by Richard who has knocked her mother unconscious. Richard brings Lisa into Katherine's bedroom and plans to rape and kill her; Lisa sees the candles and realizes he is the Candlelight Killer. Katherine regains consciousness, however, and stabs Richard with a butcher knife and maces him. A maimed Richard grabs the knife attempting to kill both ladies and, while trying to regain his sight from the mace, trashes their apartment. However, Katherine is able to take a baseball bat and knock Richard out a window in which he is killed as he falls to the alley below. The movie ends with Katherine and Lisa holding one another close and crying, while the knocked-over answering machine continuously plays Richard's macabre message over and over again."
36335.0	0.0	"A rich business man's son Xiao Zi  goes to a private high school and is immediately accosted by a small gang  who says he has to pay up ""protection"" money. Xiao Zi has no money himself and so conflict. He always manages to escape their grasps, the popular student whose name is princess helps him. A few days after, enters a new student, ""Eagle"", who takes the kid under his wing. Eagle is tough and can defend himself, but he won't fight anyone because of his inner demons and troubled past."
16894.0	0.0	Bhagwati Prasad  looks after the vast estate of his deceased brother, assisted by his wife, and brother-in-law, Markutey. Bhagwati has got into debt and has been embezzling money in order to pay his debtors. His spoiled and rude niece, Renu , who resides in the United States decides to pay them a visit. Bhagwati welcomes her and makes her feel at home, but Renu is not easily satisfied until she gets a speed boat so that she can be on her own. Alerted by her lawyer, she starts to scrutinize recent transactions and finds 15 lakh rupees missing. She asks Bhagwati to provide her with an explanation within 2 days. Then she gets into her speed boat, only to get involved in an accident, planned by Bhagwati,and disappears. Bhagwati is all set to take over the estate, when the estate's lawyer gets a Court Order freezing all the cash, bank, and assets until such time Renu is found or her body is located. The months go by, Bhagwati hires men to look for Renu, and they soon find her and lead him to her. Bhagwati finds out that she has lost her memory, and is living with a man named Raja
17902.0	1.0	Melanie Adams is a divorced mother who gave birth to twin girls Val and Jessica at age 19. Nowadays, she is a successful news correspondent working in New York City. For her latest story, she travels to Los Angeles to do a report on a sick, but optimistic girl. She immediately feels attracted to the girl's doctor, Peter Hallam. Peter is a widowed father of three children; 18-year-old Mark, 15-year-old Pam, and 8-year-old Matt. Their mother died of a pulmonary hypertension, refusing treatment. The family is still grieving, and especially Pam has difficulty dealing with the loss. After a short-lived romance, Melanie and Peter part ways. They soon conclude that they can't live without each other and Melanie reluctantly gives up her job, thereby ruining her chances of becoming an anchor, to move with Val and Jessica, now 16, to Los Angeles. There, she takes a job as a co-host at a local news program and soon finds out the other co-host, Paul Stevenson, is not glad with her arrival, trying to sabotage her opportunities. Further on, she and Peter are married. Trying to adjust to Californian life does not go without trouble. Val and Mark fall in love and she becomes pregnant. Fearing their parents' judgment, they decide to visit a downtown unexperienced doctor for an abortion. Val soon becomes very sick, which forces Mark to tell Melanie and Peter the truth about her abortion. While dealing with this information, Melanie is bothered by the great impact Peter's first wife still has. Pam and the house maid Mrs. Hahn treat her horribly, she is not allowed to take in her own furniture and the twins still have to use a spare room. When Melanie finds out she is pregnant, Peter is delighted, but the children are disgusted. Realizing she already does not have enough time to spend time with Val and Jessica, she considers having an abortion. When Peter thinks she only wants an abortion because of her career, Melanie decides that she has had enough. She packs her stuff and runs away to San Francisco. The family soon realizes all the trouble they have caused Melanie. Peter convinces her to return and everyone apologizes. Pam decides to give Melanie a chance and Peter finally agrees that his first wife should not have this much impact. Mrs. Hahn is fired and replaced by Melanie's faithful maid from New York, Raquel.
19553.0	1.0	"The film opens in 1985. Town planning student Richard Gillespie  walks through a scene of tower-blocks en-route to visit his older sister Natalie , whom he is not very close to since they each grew up with a different parent after their parents divorced. Natalie has recently bought a fairly noisy apartment with her lover only to have him leave her within two months. She is also unhappy in her job as a buyer. On Richard's insistence, they go for a late-night walk and Natalie seems to cheer up, but on waking in the middle of the night, due to loud music from the neighboring apartment, Richard finds Natalie still awake and still extremely depressed. Richard's attempts to lighten the mood are ended when Natalie pulls him into a somewhat passionate embrace, although she immediately apologizes and makes the excuse she just wanted someone to hug. Richard does not seem to have a reaction. The film checks in on the two in 1987 and 1990. During this time, Richard becomes an extremely successful town planner and something of a lothario while Natalie's career stagnates in a succession of low-level administrative jobs she hates. The next time they meet is 1991. Richard, committed to the environment and sustainable town planning, is interviewed for a job with the magazine Urban Alert, formed to put pressure on the planners of Docklands to consider the needs of the local residents. The editor, Colin , is somewhat skeptical of Richard's intentions but takes him on anyway to work with his deputy, Jessica . Meanwhile, Natalie applies for a job as secretary to a very powerful and rich stock analyst named Sinclair Bryant . She does not get the job but later marries Sinclair. Richard, who does not go to the wedding, finally visits Natalie in her palatial home in Petersham and is surprised by her changed, more ""posh"" mannerisms. He is introduced to Sinclair and the two get along extremely well as they are both highly intelligent and seem to have similar interests in literature  and a similar outlook on life. However, Natalie is not fully happy with her life because she feels insignificant compared to Sinclair. Shortly after Richard's visit to her home, she visits his apartment. While attempting to prevent their attraction for each other from spilling over, they end up naked on the floor. Natalie tries to make Richard stop her from making love. He stops her and wanders to the other side of the room. Eventually, they succumb to their desires and have sex. Afterwards, they try to avoid each other; this proves difficult as Sinclair invites Richard round to a social gathering and the two, still attracted to each other, agree to meet again to sort things through. Meanwhile, at work, which Richard has proven to be good at, Colin has developed AIDS and informs the office. After this revelation, Richard and Colin find it hard to interact with each other because they are both pretending nothing is wrong. Natalie and Richard meet again in Sinclair's parents' apartment and have sex, although afterwards, Natalie is quite firm that their relationship must end because, after all, they are brother and sister. In the course of the weekend, Sinclair infers Natalie is having an affair because she was not in Nuneaton where she claimed to be , but she still claims on her return that this was where she was. At Richard's job, Colin is dying but Richard takes him out of hospital one last time to confront an unpleasant city planner with facts they intend to publish in their magazine. The two of them grill him and Colin eats half a sandwich, offering the other half to Richard  and then offering it to the city planner who is terrified to even touch it because of Colin's illness. Things then go from bad to worse as Richard becomes obsessed with Natalie and when he turns up unexpectedly at their house he finds only Sinclair, who promptly whisks him off on a boat trip he had planned for himself and grills him on the subject of Natalie's affair. Sinclair does not yet suspect Richard but will not believe that Richard doesn't know who it is, but respects his decision not to reveal the person. On hearing that  Sinclair and Natalie plan to move to America, Richard loses his self-control completely, harasses Natalie in public at a hotel and then attempts suicide by taking sleeping pills, unsuccessfully, as Natalie arrives unexpectedly at his apartment. Richard is invited to their going-away party on the condition that he behave. Richard attends with Jessica  but abandons her quickly after arriving to go on a hunt for Natalie. When he finds her, he announces he wants to kill her and pulls her off the site and into the countryside. The two fight in the middle of a road, with Richard accusing Natalie of using him, but he then pulls her to safety when they are both nearly run over by a police car. Natalie then apologizes for using him and says that she and Sinclair aren't leaving the country after all but wanted to have the party anyway. They return dishevelled and the guests quickly leave. Sinclair appears and, though he doesn't wish to hear their confession, he makes it quite clear that he knows what has happened, and that he forgives them. At the end of the film the three of them walk, together, into an autumn sunset by the river."
29859.0	0.0	"In 1936, Jack McGurn  is a motion picture projectionist, involved in a campaign of harassment against non-union theaters in New York City. One such attack turns fatal, as one of his fellow union thugs starts a fire. McGurn's boss, knowing that the feelings of guilt would likely cause Jack to go to the police, urges him to leave the area. Jack moves to Los Angeles where his brother Gerry lives. Jack's role as a ""sweatshop lawyer"" strains an already-rocky relationship with Gerry who is willing to have any job, barely keeping his family afloat during the Great Depression. Taking the name McGann, Jack finds a job as a projectionist  in a movie theater run by a Japanese-American family. He falls in love with Lily , his Japanese boss' daughter. Forbidden to see one another by her Issei parents and banned from marrying by California law, the couple elopes to Seattle, where they marry and have a daughter, Mini. When World War II breaks out, Lily and their daughter are caught up in the Japanese-American internment, rounded up and sent to Manzanar. Jack, away on a trip, is drafted into the United States Army with no chance to help his family prepare for their imprisonment. Finally visiting the camp, he arranges a private meeting with his wife's father, telling him that he has gone AWOL and wants to stay with them, whatever they have to go through. They are his family now and he belongs with them. The older man counsels him to return to the Army, and says that he now believes that Jack is truly in love with his wife, and a worthy husband. Returning, ready to face his punishment for desertion, he is met by FBI agents, who have identified ""McGann"" as being the McGurn wanted for his part in the arson of years before. The story is told in flashback as Lily tells the now pre-adolescent Mini  about the father and the life that she barely remembers, as the two of them are walking to a rural train station. The train arrives and they reunite with Jack, who has served his time in prison and finally is returning to his family."
25058.0	0.0	 Lilies is set in a Quebec prison in 1952. Jean Bilodeau , the local bishop, is brought to the prison to hear the confession of Simon Doucet , a dying inmate. But Doucet in fact has a very different revelation for Bilodeau: he has enlisted his fellow inmates to stage a play set in 1912, when Bilodeau and Doucet were childhood friends.  Most of the film consists of the play within the film, presented by the inmates for Bilodeau and Doucet. Because it is taking place within a prison, the female roles are portrayed by the male prisoners. The young Bilodeau and Simon are performed by younger inmates . The play dramatizes a period during Bilodeau and Simon's childhood in Roberval, Quebec, when they were both coming to terms with their homosexuality. Simon has a romantic relationship with Vallier , while Bilodeau remains repressed and tries desperately to convince Simon to join the seminary with him. All three are involved in a school play dramatizing the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian, with Simon in the lead role. The St. Sebastian play's homoerotic undertones contribute to Bilodeau's sexual awakening, which involves an unrequited love for Simon. Bilodeau recognizes the nature of the relationship between Simon and Vallier, and confronts them one afternoon after the rehearsal of the St. Sebastian play. Simon and Vallier attack and subdue Bilodeau, so that Simon can engage him in a derisively passionate kiss. In the middle of the kiss, Vallier's mother, the Countess de Tilly  enters the arena, forcing Simon to break off the kiss and flee. Vallier's mother  is unperturbed at what she has seen, and has Vallier escort her to the arrival of a Parisian aristocrat arriving in a hot air balloon. Simon's father is also at the arrival, where Vallier's mother unwittingly reveals to him that she saw his son passionately kissing Bilodeau. In a rage, Mr. Doucet finds Simon and brutally beats him, to the point where he must find medical attention for his wounds. He chooses to see a Parisian doctor staying at the hotel in town , and he meets Lydie-Anne , a young Parisian baroness. Because of the beating, Simon renounces his love for Vallier and appears to fall in love with Lydie-Ann, eventually becoming engaged to her. However, Vallier's mother, encourages Vallier to attend the engagement party and declare his love for Simon. At the party, it becomes apparent that Simon never stopped loving Vallier and was only using Lydie-Ann to pass as heterosexual. Because her feelings are hurt, Lydie-Ann reveals to Vallier's mother that her estranged husband is living happily in Paris with a new wife and child. She also tells her that she came to Roberval on the recommendation of Vallier's father, and while he mentioned structures and the landscape of the town, he never once spoke of the wife or child he left behind there. After the party, Simon and Vallier meet for one last romantic encounter. Afterwards, Vallier's mother says that she will be going to Paris, and invites Simon and Vallier to see her off. Instead, she leads them to a place in the woods, where she lies down in a shallow grave and has Vallier strangle her to death. Bilodeau witnesses the murder, and is spurred to confess his love for Simon. When rejected, he sets fire to the room where Vallier and Simon are staying and locks the door, so that they cannot escape. Because there are no windows and no other way to ventilate the space, the two young men are soon overcome by the smoke and heat. Bilodeau is remorseful and returns in time to drag Simon to safety, but leaves Vallier in the room. Bilodeau falsely tells the policemen who have arrived on the scene that Vallier is already dead, so they do not go back to save him, and he perishes in the flames.  The play reveals that Vallier's murder is the crime for which Simon Doucet was falsely arrested and convicted. Thus, the play was designed not as Doucet's confession of his sins, but a ploy to extract a confession of guilt from Bilodeau. As a result, Bilodeau asks Doucet to kill him, but Doucet refuses.
10059.0	1.0	Set in the summer of 1976, the movie follows the adventures of Drew Tate , a shy 16-year-old from upstate New York, when he and his family spend two weeks with affluent relatives on Martha's Vineyard. Drew's parents, Kenny  and Brenda , worry that their son is emotionally disturbed. His favorite companion is a doll, in which he names Iago , with which he engages in animated conversations. They also fear that a fire he accidentally set in the family garage foreshadows a future as an arsonist. On Martha's Vineyard, Drew is thrown into an affluent, party-loving black society that congregates on a beach known as the Inkwell. The visit is also the occasion of some bitter family strife. Drew's Aunt Francis  and her husband, Spencer , are conservatives whose walls are plastered with pictures of Republican dignitaries such as Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan . Kenny, a former Black Panther, and Spencer argue furiously about racial issues. The Inkwell follows Drew's bumbling pursuit of the insufferably snooty Lauren . He also befriends Heather , a young woman whose husband, Harold , is a faithless louse. The movie comes to an end on the Fourth of July, when the Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America's 200th birthday but Drew finally losing his virginity with Heather.
13285.0	0.0	The lives of two closely linked families dangerously intersect in a small Illinois town in the 1950s. Two brothers, Jacey and Doug Holt are growing up in Haley, Illinois, sons of a working single mother. Their father, a reckless risk-taker, has lost his life via a bet with Lloyd Abbott , his business partner. Abbott eventually becomes one of the town's foremost, wealthiest and most-admired citizens. The lives of the Holts and the Abbotts are intertwined through various entanglements. Lloyd Abbott and his distant wife, Joan, are the parents of three beautiful daughters, Alice, Eleanor and Pamela. Because of a misunderstanding of the circumstances surrounding his father's death , Jacey  seeks revenge on the Abbotts through the calculated seduction of the Abbott daughters. At first, Jacey cannot wait to escape the suffocating life in Haley; later in the film, however, he is pulled back as he idolizes the Abbott family, and obsesses about the oldest daughter, Alice , thus seeking to jockey his way into the Abbott family. At first, Doug , the younger brother, admires and worships his brother's libertine lifestyle. However, as he matures, he discovers that all that glitters is not gold. He eventually falls in love with the youngest, virginal Abbott, Pamela , who protests his early, fumbling sexual advances, and she forces him to appreciate her for who she is, not what she may offer up to him. Meanwhile, Eleanor is sent away to stewardess school after she and Jacey are caught by Lloyd Abbott, who cannot keep them apart. After two years of being apart from each other, Doug and Pamela meet again by chance while they are in college in Philadelphia and seem to rekindle their previous romance. However, Doug is later devastated by the revelation that Jacey has, prior to Doug's arrival, seduced Pamela when they previously met at a college party...a seduction he later admits was calculated to continue his revenge upon the Abbots. Jacey is apologetic when he realizes Doug's feelings for Pam. Doug strikes his brother and leaves in a rage. Later, the two brothers reconcile when Doug and Jacey are brought back to Haley after their mother's death. While sorting through his mother's belonging, Doug finds a letter from their late father proving he sold their valuable patent for a 1937 DeSoto Coupe convertible; the same one he later drove into a lake, killing him. He shares this information with his brother, but the truth does little to sooth Jacey's resentment and belief that he and his family were cheated out of their rightful place in life. Doug, however, decides to forget old resentments and move on. Despite the obstacles that Lloyd Abbott places in the way of any of the Holt brothers ever seeing his daughters again, Doug convinces Abbott at the end of the story of his true love for Pamela and receives his blessing on a future relationship.
34958.0	0.0	Danny Embling , now an awkward, underdeveloped 17 year old, has been sent away by his parents to the all-male St. Albans boarding school in rural New South Wales, Australia, in the hopes he won’t become a delinquent. The year is 1965 and it has been some time since Danny has had any romantic relationship with a girl . Danny is the butt of jokes because of his stutter and long nose . His only friend is Gilbert. At a school rugby game, he meets and slowly becomes interested in Thandiwe Adjewa , a Ugandan-Kenyan-British girl  attending the all-girls Cirencester Ladies’ College across the lake, while her father, a political activist, is lecturing at university in Canberra. They later meet at a debate between the two schools, and covertly during a school dance. She is punished for leaving the dance without permission and is given chores by the prefect, Nicola Radcliffe . Thandiwe is later befriended by Melissa  and Janet . Throughout the course of the school year, they foster a budding romance, despite the overbearing regulations inflicted upon them - specifically racial politics and social conventions . After the performance of the musical, Danny introduces his parents to Thandiwe and her parents. They later decide to return to Uganda in response to the political turmoil there. Soon Thandwie decides to return too, and lies about her true departure date, in order to spend the night in a motel with Danny. They are discovered, leading to his expulsion. Thandiwe writes him letters regularly from Uganda - until one day one arrives from Nairobi saying she is safe there.
26469.0	0.0	"Music superstar Bud Parks, along with his statuesque wife, Alice, and their approximately eight-year-old daughter, Terri Jo, return to his small hometown, fictional Doak City, Indiana, for his paternal grandfather's 80th birthday. Initially, the visit is light-hearted and Bud receives a hero's welcome from many of his relatives and fans. But what is supposed to be a three-day visit of fun quickly turns into much more. At the birthday party, Bud's high school sweetheart and now sister-in-law, P.J., invites Bud out for a walk, which is met with curious suspicion by Bud's father, Speck. P.J. confesses she has sex with Speck, which is met with shock and disapproval by Bud. Speck, a successful poultry farmer, is shown early on to be a chauvinistic and dominating womanizer. He fathered an illegitimate son but his wife, Marian, stayed with him. Speck refers to himself as a sire and the women who bore his children as fillies. Over time he is revealed to be dominating, violent, exploitive and shameless, to the point of even making a pass at Bud's wife. Bud and Alice seem to have a good marriage, and she is clearly very devoted. But after learning of P.J.'s affair with Speck, Bud has sex with P.J. as well. P.J. seems to view her sexual encounters as conquests and take pride in simultaneously having three Parks men as lovers. She also seems to view her promiscuity, and the need to keep it secret, as a source of excitement for a housewife and mother who resides in what she considers to be a boring town. The three days turn into several weeks. Bud's feelings of both love and lust for P.J. are rekindled, and he neglects Alice. Already disillusioned by the music business and thinking about leaving it, he realizes that he's a small-town man at heart and wants to stay in Doak City, where many of his relatives still reside. His anger toward his father also escalates. California-bred Alice continues to love her husband but quickly becomes tired of small town life and his neglect. She accuses Bud of committing adultery. He doesn't deny it and she leaves with Terri Jo. Bud tries to get P.J. back as the woman of his life. She reveals that she wanted that many years earlier, but that he wouldn't make a commitment, and it's too late now. Frustrated and angry, Bud confronts Speck in a restaurant. Speck shows no interest or sympathy in his son's problems but expresses displeasure in having received none of the millions of dollars Bud has made in music. On the basis that he ""sired"" Bud, Speck claims to be entitled to some of Bud's money. Bud warns Speck to make no further sexual advances at Alice and, in a rage, knocks the food and tableware off the table. As Bud gets up to leave, he is viciously beaten by Speck. Feeling like he's hit rock bottom, Bud gets drunk and performs a stunt from his wild youth. He lies in a cage in the back of a pickup truck and has one of his friends push the cage onto the road while the truck is moving. He wakes up lying in a hospital bed wearing a brace on his neck and a cast on his right arm. Standing beside his bed are P.J., his sister Sally Cutler and his paternal grandmother. Alice returns and seems willing to take Bud back if he will be honest with her. Having been rejected by P.J. and humbled by his father and the accident, Bud now realizes what's most important in his life. He and Alice reconcile."
32272.0	0.0	"Tony wants to be a hitman for the Mafia, but first he has to learn from a master. Enter Stevie ""California"" Rossellini - cool, eats veggie dogs and quotes Nietzsche. Greco may not agree with Stevie's style, but he has to complete his training so he can go back and kill the Mafia's accountant, who is about to turn state's evidence. His final test: kill whoever is supposedly randomly picked out of the yellow pages. His target: Angelica ""Angel"" Chaste, a very disturbed woman. Tony falls for Angel and fails to kill her, so Stevie sets out to finish the job."
37156.0	0.0	"Doug Kinney  is a Los Angeles construction worker whose job is constantly getting in the way of his family. On one job to build a new wing of a scientific facility, Doug meets up with Dr. Leeds, a friendly scientist who has developed a successful method for cloning humans, and is introduced to Dr. Leeds' clone as proof. The scientist, who is sympathetic to Doug's troubles, allows Doug to make a clone of himself that can take over for him at work, while he tries to spend some quality time with his family. The clone, called ""Two"" , has all of Doug's memory and knowledge, but is overly macho. Although the clone seems to be a dream come true, while taking his wife, Laura , out to a restaurant for dinner, he finds that two is on his own date. Doug realizes clones are not as great as they seem, and Doug begins to worry about his clone being revealed. Eventually two more clones are made. ""Three""  is a sharp contrast to Two, and extremely sensitive and thoughtful. He is much like a housewife, knowing how to cook very well, and take care of the house. . ""Four""  is cloned from ""Two"", and has the mentality of an overly-curious child. Unfortunately, since he is a clone-of-a-clone, his IQ is considerably lower than that of his predecessors, since the personality defects are more pronounced when a clone is cloned , and this causes an annoyed Doug to decree a moratorium on cloning. One night Doug leaves home for a business trip. While Doug is gone, each of the clones runs into Laura and each one sleeps with her. The next day, ""Two"" comes down with a cold and is unable to go to work, so he sends ""Three"". Three is the second clone, so he knows nothing about construction. As ""Three"" goes to work, an inspection on site causes ""Three"" to unimpress the inspector, which leads to him losing Doug's job. As the movie progresses, Doug's wife becomes increasingly upset with her husband, as she is wondering about Doug's sudden personality changes and how Doug's clones have no memories of discussions Laura unwittingly had with another clone. Thinking Doug is ignoring her, she unknowingly pours out her heart out to ""Four"", mentioning how  has never kept his promise on fixing the house; she asks him what he wants and is unromantically told ""I want pizza"". Upset, she takes the children to live with her parents. When Doug returns, he learns that Laura and the kids have left. He also learns from the clones' confessions that he has lost his job and each one of them has slept with Laura. Trying to figure out how to get Laura back, ""Four"" tells him about what she said to him on how he never fixed the house. With the help of the clones, Doug remodels the house and wins back the love of his wife. Doug also tells Laura he is planning to start his own construction business. Realizing Doug can take care of himself now, the three clones move away, later writing Doug that they have set up a successful pizzeria called ""Three Guys from Nowhere"" in Miami, Florida. ""Two"" becomes the businessman of the shop and serves customers, and also gets to meet lots of women. ""Three"" is the head chef, and ""Four"" is the delivery boy as well as taking a second job as a paperboy ."
21358.0	0.0	"Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie's old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel's Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane's jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn's theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie's collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted ""kid"": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don't love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy's objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie's collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red's place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz's prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David's family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother's love, and he calls her ""Mom"". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha's delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple."
32722.0	0.0	"Sick of the betrayals the United States government has perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow  retires to a remote part of Montana with One Stab, a Cree friend, where they build a ranch. Accompanying them are hired hand Decker; Decker's Cree wife, Pet; and their daughter, Isabel Two. Ludlow's wife, Isabel, does not adapt to the harsh winters and moves to the East Coast. Ludlow has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and slashes at Tristan, injuring him, but he stabs at the bear's paw and cuts off a claw. As the boys grow up, Samuel returns from Harvard with his fiancée, Susannah Fincannon. She finds Tristan captivating, but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel tells his family that he is leaving for Calgary to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father's displeasure, Alfred and Tristan also depart. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man's land. Tristan abandons his unit to be at Samuel's side. The attack is repulsed with heavy casualties, and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late to save him from being killed. Devastated, Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out Samuel's heart, which he sends home to be buried on his father's ranch. Seething with hatred, Tristan single-handedly raids behind German lines, killing two gunners. To the horror of his fellow soldiers, he returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck. He is discharged from army service but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes marriage to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel's grave. Susannah tries to comfort him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and later leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan's relationship with Susannah is doomed by his guilt and pain for failing to protect Samuel, as well as feeling responsible for driving Alfred away. These demons force him to go travelling for several years. At the ranch, Susannah waits for him but eventually receives a letter: ""All we had is dead. As I am dead. Marry another."" Alfred finds her weeping on the porch and tries to comfort her. Colonel Ludlow finds them together, leading to an argument and falling out between the Colonel and Alfred. Colonel Ludlow later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. In time Susannah agrees to marry Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred's business and politics cause him to get involved with the O'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He accepts Susannah's marriage to his brother and later falls in love with and marries Isabel Two. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel in honor of his late brother. Life seems to become normal again for Tristan as he finds true happiness in his young family. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale smuggling of bootleg liquor, finding himself at odds with the O'Banion brothers. Tristan's wife is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O'Banions, and in a fit of agonized grief Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and has to serve thirty days in jail. Susannah visits, but Tristan refuses her advances and insists she ""go home to Alfred"". After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel Two's death, including one of the O'Banion brothers. Susannah commits suicide after realizing she cannot live without Tristan. When the remaining O'Banion brother comes for Tristan, he and the corrupt sheriff are killed by Colonel Ludlow and Alfred as Tristan attempts to protect his father. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. Tristan, knowing he will be blamed for the men's disappearance, leaves for the mountain country after asking Alfred to take care of his children. Over time, everyone in Tristan's life dies before him. As an old man, Tristan enters a clearing to investigate an animal carcass and is set upon by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates: ""It was a good death""."
21819.0	0.0	The story takes place in affluent Grosse Pointe, Michigan, in 1974, as four neighborhood boys reflect on their neighbors, the five Lisbon sisters. Strictly unattainable due to their overprotective, authoritarian parents, Ronald  and Sara , the girls—Therese , Mary , Bonnie , Lux , and Cecilia —are the enigma that fill the boys' conversations and dreams. The film begins with the suicide attempt of the youngest sister, Cecilia. During a chaperoned party intended to make her feel better, Cecilia excuses herself and jumps out her bedroom window, impaling herself on an iron fence. In the wake of her act, the Lisbon parents begin to watch over their daughters even more closely, further isolating the family from the community and heightening the air of mystery about them. At the beginning of the new school year In the fall, Lux forms a secret relationship with Trip Fontaine , the school heartthrob. Trip comes over one night to the Lisbon residence to watch television and persuades Mr. Lisbon to allow him to take Lux to the Homecoming Dance by promising to provide dates for the other sisters, to go as a group. After being crowned Homecoming Queen and King, Lux and Trip have sex on the football field. Lux falls asleep, and Trip abandons her immediately. Lux wakes up alone and has to take a taxi home. Having broken curfew, Lux and her sisters are punished by a furious Mrs. Lisbon by being taken out of school and sequestered in their house. Unable to leave the house, the sisters contact the boys across the street by using light signals and sharing songs over the phone as a means of sharing their feelings. During this time, Lux begins to have anonymous sexual encounters on the roof of the house late at night; the boys watch from across the street. Finally, after months of confinement, the sisters leave a note for the boys, presumably asking for help to escape. When the boys arrive that night, they find Lux alone in the living room, smoking a cigarette. She invites them to wait for her sisters, while she goes to wait in the car. The boys briefly imagine the group of them driving blissfully away on a sun-soaked country road. The boys wander into the basement and discover Bonnie's body hanging from the ceiling. Terrified, they rush upstairs only to stumble across the bodies of the remaining sisters. They had all killed themselves in an apparent suicide pact moments before: Therese took an overdose of sleeping pills; Mary stuck her head in the gas oven; and Lux left the car engine running in the sealed garage. Devastated by the suicides of all their children, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon quietly flee the neighborhood, never to return. Soon after, a young family from Boston purchases the Lisbon's house and all their personal belongings. Seemingly unsure how to react, the adults in the community go about their lives as if nothing important happened. The dead girls forever remain a source of mystery and grief for the boys, who cannot forget them. The film ends with one of the boys acknowledging in voiceover that they will spend the rest of their lives trying to put together the unsolvable mystery of the Lisbon sisters.
10764.0	1.0	The emotions of an extended upper-class family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and Venice. Various friends/lovers/acquaintances/relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice and Paris. Young lovers Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi; Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently-released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup.
33932.0	0.0	Daughters of the Dust is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family, Gullah who live at Ibo Landing on St. Helena Island, South Carolina.
4132.0	1.0	Lisette Linares  is a young mother of three children, married to Chino , a bicycle messenger. Although he is always reliable as the breadwinner of the family, Chino is having an affair with the neighborhood tramp, Magdalena . One summer evening, a blackout sweeps the neighborhood, and Chino finds himself in jail after being arrested for looting. Faced now with the reality of keeping her family together with the main breadwinner in jail, Lisette, with the encouragement of her transexual sister Alexis , decides to give her dream of becoming a print model a chance. As she happens to be in the right place at the right time, Lisette lands a job as the personal assistant to a major record label producer , who is trying to sign a major Latin music group .
5671.0	1.0	In early 1900s London, England, Kate Croy  lives under the careful watch of her domineering Aunt Maude , who is determined that the young woman does not follow in the path of her recently deceased mother, whose dissolute husband, Lionel , squandered her wealth in order to support his opium addiction. Maude wants Kate to marry the well-off Lord Mark , who has a title and estates, despite the fact that Kate does not love him. Kate is dependent on her wealthy aunt's goodwill, but abandons her plans to defy her aunt when she is reminded that her father is at Maud's mercy as well. Kate's boyfriend, the financially struggling muckraking journalist Merton Densher , wants to marry her, but is skeptical of Kate's intentions despite her pleas for him to wait as she tries to find a way out of her dilemma. One day, Kate is introduced by Lord Mark to the wealthy and outgoing American orphan and heiress Millie Theale , who is on an extended trip through Europe with her best friend Susan Stringham, and the cynical Kate is captivated by Millie's beauty, openness, and amusement at the conventions of society. Millie invites Kate to accompany her and Susan to Venice. Prior to their departure, Millie meets Merton, with whom she is smitten, and she asks him to join them as well. Lord Mark secretly reveals to Kate that Millie is terminally ill, and that he desires Kate but has to marry Millie to avoid losing his estates. Knowing Millie is repulsed by Lord Mark's crudity, she decides to emulate his scheme and persuade Merton to woo Millie; she fully expects Millie's generous nature will lead her to include Merton in her will, making him wealthy enough to satisfy her aunt and allow them to marry. He despises her scheme but can't resist the opportunity to be in Venice with Kate. Kate becomes so jealous of the genuine affection growing between Merton and Millie that she lures him away one night, abandoning Millie in a crowd. Millie confronts her the next morning and Kate realizes she must leave, without warning Merton, if her scheme is to succeed. What neither she nor Merton anticipate is how things will change when she is gone. Some months later, following Millie's death in Venice, Kate comes to Merton's flat. She asks why he has not come to see her and finds a letter, telling Merton that Millie did indeed bequeath a sizeable portion of her estate to him. He tells Kate that he will not take the money, and she must marry him without it, if she will. She agrees, and they make love. But afterwards, Kate asks him to tell her that he is not still in love with Millie, or his memory of her, and he cannot. So Merton returns to Venice, alone.
3869.0	0.0	"In 1985, Robbie Hart  is a wedding singer from Ridgefield, New Jersey. He is engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Linda , who was attracted to him at a time when he dreamed of becoming a rock star. He meets and befriends a waitress, Julia Sullivan , at the reception hall where he regularly performs. Julia is also engaged, to businessman Glenn Gulia . Disappointed over Robbie's loss of ambition, Linda changes her mind on their wedding day and leaves Robbie standing at the altar, emotionally devastated. Robbie tries to move forward with his life, but despair hinders his performances. Julia tries to cheer him up, and later asks him to help her plan her own wedding. Robbie eventually agrees, and their friendship blossoms. During a double date between Julia and Glenn, and Robbie and Julia's cousin, Holly , Robbie learns that Glenn is frequently cheating on Julia and doesn't plan to stop after being married. Julia and Robbie are increasingly confused by their deepening feelings for each other, and Robbie mistakenly believes that he can impress Julia by getting a more conventional job. She becomes angry with him for assuming that she is marrying Glenn for his money. After confiding in his best friend, Sammy , Robbie finally decides to confess his true feelings and goes to Julia's house. When he arrives, he sees her through her bedroom window. She is wearing her wedding dress and happily imagining herself as Robbie's wife, but Robbie mistakenly concludes that she is looking forward to marrying Glenn. Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his ""pre-bachelor party party"". After a heated exchange, Glenn punches Robbie. An intoxicated Robbie goes home and finds Linda waiting for him, and wanting to reconcile. Robbie passes out, but the following morning, Linda answers the door and introduces herself as Robbie's fiancée to a crestfallen Julia. Julia runs to Glenn, wanting to be married immediately, and Glenn happily offers to take her to Las Vegas. Robbie awakens and promptly breaks it off with Linda for good. Inspired by the 50th wedding anniversary of his friend Rosie, to whom he has been giving singing lessons, Robbie decides to pursue Julia. Just then, Holly arrives, telling him of Julia's plans. Robbie, Sammy, and Holly rush to the airport, where Robbie books a flight to Las Vegas. He gets a first class ticket because all coach seats are sold out. After telling his story to a sympathetic audience in first class which includes Billy Idol , Robbie learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight as he peeps through the curtain separating first class and coach. Over the loudspeaker, and with the help of Idol and the flight crew, Robbie sings a song he has written called ""Grow Old With You,"" which he has dedicated to Julia. When he enters the coach area, Glenn tries to attack him, only for his path to be blocked by a male flight attendant and Idol both pushing refreshment carts. When Glenn threatens Idol, a burly Idol fan also wearing biker attire forces Glenn down the aisle, and a female flight attendant he tried seducing earlier pushes him into the cabin toilet. Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other, and, after Idol briefly interrupts them to offer Robbie support in fulfilling his dream of being a songwriter, they share a kiss. The film ends as the scene fades to a similar kiss, this time at their wedding."
14009.0	1.0	"Set in 1950s Ireland, the film focuses on the experiences of Bernadette ""Benny"" Hogan and her two friends, Eve Malone and Nan Mahon. They are characterized early on in childhood, during their First Communion: Benny is the beloved and well-fed only child, Eve the orphan raised by nuns and Nan is poor but destined to be defined by her beauty. The three girls grow up in the small town of Knockglen. Skip to six years later: Nan has moved on to university a year earlier, and Benny and Eve are set to follow. Eve's education is financed by the local wealthy Westward Protestant family, her father's employers until his death. The family has also willed to her a cottage on their property. Eve boards at a convent, while Benny must commute daily between home and Dublin, her parents being loath to let her go. They would prefer she marry the loathsome and creepy Sean Walsh, her father's faithful employee at his tailor shop. Once in Dublin the two girls reconnect with a mature and sophisticated Nan who is quite aware of her bewitching effect on the opposite sex. Benny eventually falls in love with Jack Foley, a handsome rugby player and doctor's son, studying medicine and expected to follow in his father's footsteps, though he is not quite convinced that this is the career for him. The girls visit their home town, and Nan becomes involved with the much older Simon Westward. While Benny is able to resist a physical relationship, Nan is not and believes that Simon truly loves her. In the meantime, when Benny's father dies suddenly, she leaves university to help her mother run the business, and Sean Walsh attempts to woo her into marriage. The accounts of the prosperous Hogan business are missing significant funds, creating a mystery over double-entry bookkeeping or some other cause. Eve's cottage, in an isolated sector of the Westward estate, serves as a party location for the three young women and their friends. Nan and Simon visit it secretly for their trysts. Nan becomes pregnant and Simon leaves her, offering to pay her off with a large check to get an abortion in England. A desperate Nan runs into a drunk Jack at a rugby team party, and she lures him into having sex with her to force his hand into marrying her. Nan confronts Jack, who does what he believes is the honorable thing and asks Nan to marry him. He tells Benny about the baby and the engagement and she is devastated. Eve is suspicious, finds a clue in the cottage fireplace, figures out the truth, confronts Nan at a party and her duplicity comes to light. That night, when Eve confronts Nan, Nan cuts her arm after falling into a glass cabinet at Eve's cottage. As he attends to her wounds, Jack realizes that he has found his calling in medicine. Nan recognizes that she cannot raise her child in a marriage based on lies and calls off her engagement with Jack. Jack escorts Nan to the train station and she asks that he and Benny forgive her for her desperate actions. Nan heads to England to have her baby , and on to a new beginning. Curiosity gets the best of Benny, and she snoops around Sean's living area above the tailor shop. Sean finds Benny in his room and attempts to rape her. She fights him off, and in the process finds the money that he has embezzled from her family for the duration of his employment. She demands that he leave, and he does, declaring that she is destined to be a spinster for the rest of her life. Jack finally goes to visit Benny to try to win her back. She is unwilling to let him off so easily, and tells him it will take quite a bit of time for him to gain her trust again. He demonstrates his patience and humility, devoting himself to his studies as well. Benny finally relents, accepting his love and proposal of marriage."
12473.0	0.0	Sam is a self-destructive, vaguely artistic New York bohemian who has recently lost his father and his long-time girlfriend. At a Halloween party he meets a mysterious, beautiful, androgynous woman named Anna. He embarks on a kinky, sex-charged relationship with her; but soon he suffers the symptoms of blood loss, and eventually he realizes that Anna is a vampire.
5194.0	0.0	The story is set in Lahore in the time period directly before and during the partition of India in 1947. A young girl with polio, Lenny , narrates the story through the voice of her adult self . She is from a wealthy Parsi family who hopes to remain neutral to the rising tensions between Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims in the area. She is adored and protected by her parents, Bunty  and Rustom  and is cared for by her Ayah, a beautiful Hindu woman, Shanta . Both Dil Navaz, the Ice-Candy Man  and Hassan, the Masseur  are Muslim and in love with Shanta. Shanta, Dil, and Hassan are part of a small group of friends from different faiths  who spend their days together in the park. With partition, however, this once unified group of friends becomes divided and tragedy ensues.
20410.0	0.0	"In Bengali language ""Bede"" means a caste or group of people who make their life by catching snakes and entertaining people by making snakes dancing with the tune of there special type of flute. Joytsna  was a girl from this community. One day a poisonous snake gave a bite at the foot of local prince . A bede was called to cure the prince. He saw and told that it is possible only by Jyotsna. Only she can suck the poison from his blood.King called Jyotsna and requested her to do so in exchage he is agree to give her everything she wants. Jyotsna cured the prince and herself became faint. After a long prayer to god by her mother and the queen she got sense and demanded the hand of the prince but the king protested. When prince came to know everything he also fell in love with Jyotsna. Then after a long tug of war they insisted the king to agree and got married. This story was taken from a very old rural Bengali play of the same name. Tune of the title song ""Beder meye Jyotsna amay katha diyeche"" was adopted from the song ""Ek pardesi mera dil le gaya"" from the film Phagun ."
9448.0	1.0	JC seems to have it all figured out. By day he runs a surf school, at night he lies down next to his beautiful girlfriend Chloe. However, when his mates arrive from London unannounced it releases tensions which have long been simmering under the surface of JC and Chloe's seemingly perfect relationship. His friends, especially drug-dealer Dean are intent on causing mischief and sucking JC back into his old habits, which Chloe had hoped were long gone.
5258.0	1.0	Jasmine  is a young woman with men in and out of her apartment, Tanya  is about to be married, and Micki  is pregnant; these three women share an apartment, but when Micki is jilted and Tanya's boyfriend does NOT pop the question, the women set out to Las Vegas in search of men who WILL marry them, on the spot.
22741.0	0.0	A man , a charming English gentleman changes the lives of three generations of women who run a near-bankrupt bed and breakfast. He is beaten up by criminals and thrown off a yacht. The three generations of women pick the bloodied man off a beach and offer him free board in return for fixing the place up and being the handy man. Claire , widow of senator Blake Wellesly, is initially unwilling to let the man in the house, partly due to the mystery around him caused by amnesia, though her mother-in-law Ruth  - who is recently retired and craving for adventure - insists on allowing the man to be in their house. Claire's teenage daughter Cassie , who is rebellious against her mother's old-fashioned behavior most of the time, names the man Adam.
6034.0	1.0	Two people, living in Boston and unlucky in love - a nurse  whose activist boyfriend  has just walked out on their relationship to help a Native American tribe fight off a land development deal, and a plumber  struggling to pay off family obligations while pursuing a career as a marine biologist - deal with personal and professional problems and stumble through relationships, continually crossing one another's paths without ever truly meeting and realizing how perfect they are for one another. Time and time again one almost catches the other's eye, but circumstances intervene. Finally, after a series of ups and downs, both of their budding relationships with others crash and burn, just in time for a chance meeting on the MBTA train heading to Wonderland station, on the outskirts of Boston.
17190.0	0.0	The movie takes place in the year 1899 and centers around a high society girl, Ella, who joins the dangerous 19th century Gold rush with a group of tough men. While doing her job and search for acceptance, she risks her life multiple times and falls in love with one of the guys.
13183.0	0.0	The film is set in 1940s Assam. Three widows struggle to lead dignified lives despite the extreme restrictions mandated by law and custom. The arrival of a young American scholar, a poisonous snakebite, and the theft of ancestral jewelry combine to bring the situation of the young and beautiful widow Giribala to a painful crisis.
32376.0	0.0	Scotty McKay  is just an every day beach-bum who used to have it all, when he finds an attractive genie named Jeannie . Her mission is to assist Scotty. With Jeannie's help, Scotty has everything again and more, as Jeannie does his bidding and answers to his every beck and call; that is until he asks Jeannie to make him more desirable to the next door supermodel, Dana . Jeannie can't help as far as love is concerned, and besides, Dana is just not interested. Jeannie soon runs into problems when she finds herself attracted to Scotty and finds it difficult to help him win Dana's heart. The story ensues with a gamut of events resulting in mayhem.
34117.0	0.0	In the 1950s, the reserved, middle aged bachelor C. S. Lewis is an Oxford University academic at Magdalen College and author of The Chronicles of Narnia series of children's books. He meets the married American poet Joy Gresham and her young son Douglas on their visit to England, not yet knowing the circumstances of Gresham's troubled marriage. What begins as a formal meeting of two very different minds slowly develops into an intense feeling of connection and love. Lewis finds his quiet life with his brother Warnie disrupted by the outspoken, feisty Gresham, whose uninhibited behavior offers a sharp contrast to the rigid sensibilities of the male-dominated university. Each provides the other with new ways of viewing the world. Initially their marriage is one of convenience, a platonic union designed to allow Gresham to remain in England. But when she is diagnosed with cancer, deeper feelings surface, and Lewis' faith is tested as his wife tries to prepare him for her imminent death.
13145.0	0.0	In the early 1990s, retired entertainer Dixie Leonard  has a commitment to attend a Hollywood ceremony being televised live to honor her and longtime show-biz partner Eddie Sparks . When a young man from the TV show comes to pick her up, Dixie balks. She explains what brought Eddie and her together and drove them apart. The bulk of the film is an extended flashback. Dixie tells the story of how during World War II, she received an offer to go overseas and become a part of Eddie's act in entertaining the troops. Dixie is an immediate hit with the boys in uniform, but Eddie wants her gone, ostensibly because he finds her kind of humor too coarse, but really because she topped his jokes and stole the show. Dixie doesn't care for him much either, but fellow entertainers and her joke-writer uncle  persuade her to stay. Eddie wins her over, particularly by reuniting Dixie with her soldier husband on stage. Later in the war, however, Dixie's husband is killed in action. Despite her distaste for Eddie, she continues working with him back in the U.S. to support herself and her son. Eddie is married with daughters, but treats Dixie's son as if he were his own. The two bickering performers go overseas twice more to entertain the troops in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. They endure the horrors of combat, the sin of temptation where they appeared to have slept together after seeing a soldier killed in action, the taint of McCarthyism and, ultimately, the death of Dixie's son in Vietnam. Dixie has not forgiven Eddie for his part in all this. But, at the last minute, because he speaks of their joined loss in Vietnam, she consents to join him on stage for one last song and dance, before appearing to accept their mutual love for one another.
15270.0	0.0	The hero Ching-yan has been dreaming of a beautiful woman every night for 28 years and he vows to find his dream girl. He travels to the Snowy Mountain in search of her together with his godson and a mad doctor. Business in the Last-Stop-in-Life Hotel at the base of the mountain has been good, as many people have ventured to the mountain in search of the legendary Ice Maiden, but none have returned. The innkeeper develops a crush on Ching-Yan and pretends to be the Ice Maiden to entice him, but Ching-Yan does not believe her and insists on going up the mountain to look for the real Ice Maiden. On the way, he angers the Devil King and is rescued by the Ice Maiden. In doing so, the Ice Maiden ages 200 years overnight, but Ching-Yan still wants to marry her even though the Devil King does not allow them to leave. Eventually, the innkeeper sacrifices herself for Ching-Yan, allowing Ching-Yan to engage the Devil King in one final battle. Ching-Yan emerges victorious and is finally together with his dream lover.
36501.0	0.0	The film compresses the events of the novel somewhat; for example, the Naming Day celebrations take place on the same day as Onegin's speech to Tatyana. As a result, Onegin's reasons for dancing with Olga and insulting Lensky are left somewhat confusing. Much like the 1988 film version, Onegin gives the impression that, during the duel sequence, Onegin shoots to kill.
16335.0	0.0	Marcy Tizzard  is assistant to Senator John McGlory  from Boston, Massachusetts. In an attempt to court the Irish-American vote in a tough reelection battle, the bumbling senator's chief of staff, Nick , sends Marcy to Ireland to find McGlory's relatives or ancestors. Marcy arrives at the fictional village of Ballinagra  as it is preparing for the annual matchmaking festival. She attracts the attention of two rival professional matchmakers, Dermot  and Millie , as well as roguish bartender Sean . The locals tolerate her genealogical search while trying to match her with various bachelors. Sean tries to woo Marcy despite her resistance to his boorish manners. After they have begun their romance, they return home to Sean's house one afternoon to find his estranged wife Moira  waiting for them. Marcy leaves Sean, upset that he did not disclose his marriage to her. McGlory and Nick arrive in Ballinagra, although Marcy's been unable to locate any McGlory relatives. McGlory discovers Sean's wife's maiden name is Kennedy and brings her back to Boston as his fiancée just in time for the election, and wins by a small margin. While at the victory party, McGlory's father  reveals privately to Marcy that the family is Hungarian, not Irish. The family name had been changed at Ellis Island when they immigrated, but as they settled in Boston with its large Irish population, he never told his son their true lineage. Sean follows Marcy to Boston, and they reconcile.
35543.0	1.0	Shantanu Arya  is a glamour photographer and a thorough womaniser. Namrata Shorey  is a journalist and is quite amazingly in love with Shantanu even though she knows about his womanising ways. All her requests for marriage fall on deaf ears, as Shantanu consistently avoids commitment of any sort. Slowly she starts getting tired of his wayward ways and starts questioning her own thinking. Suddenly a young, rich man, Aakash  enters her life and provides her the much-needed respite from her mundane lifestyle. Aakash is apparently in love with her. But Namrata reminds him of their age difference and the fact that she has given herself tan aur man se to Shantanu. Meanwhile, sensing the growing proximity of Aakash and Namrata and getting rebukes from other girls, Shantanu finally agrees for the marriage. Namrata does a long wait for Shantanu at wedding place but he doesn't reach there till late night and finally as she exits from there, she finds Aakash there and at last, she accepts him which is the climax of this movie. {{cite web}}
34834.0	1.0	The story focusses on three characters and their different perspectives on love. Rahul  does not believe in love. He thinks it is impossible for two people to be together for their entire lives. Pooja  believes that somebody has been made for her, all she has to do is meet them. Finally, Nisha  believes that love is friendship, she believes that when a boy and girl are friends they are destined to fall in love. Rahul and Nisha are best friends who both share a passion for dancing. They have worked together in many musicals. Rahul announces his desire to direct a new musical called 'Maya' which focuses on a girl who every man dreams about. He writes up a script and shows it to Nisha. Nisha thinks the script is not realistic enough but after persuasion, she agrees to take on the role. Because Rahul does not believe in love, he sees Nisha only as his best friend whereas Nisha is secretly in love with Rahul but never plucks up the courage to tell him. Meanwhile Pooja is an orphan. Ever since her parents died when she was very young, Pooja has been raised by their close friends, who wish to see Pooja marry their only son Ajay . Although Pooja does not feel Ajay is the one for her, she agrees to marry him, because she feels obliged to his parents for taking her in. Pooja is also a very talented dancer. One night Rahul, Nisha and some members of their dancing troupe go out for Valentine's Day. Rahul tells Nisha that he believes it is all nonsense as he thinks that none of the couples at the party could possibly be in love. Nisha disagrees with Rahul's view. On a number of occasions, Rahul and Pooja coincidentally come across one other but do not speak. On Nisha's birthday, she gets really drunk and tells Rahul that she is in love with him. Later, Nisha injures her leg and her doctor says that she cannot dance for a long time. Rahul goes out looking for another girl for the role in the play. He discovers Pooja dancing one day and realises that she is perfect for the role. She agrees to take on the role and becomes quickly friendly with the rest of the group. She and Rahul start finding themselves falling for each other but at the same time try to keep their distance from one another. Nisha soon recovers and on returning notices that Pooja and Rahul are in love. Although devastated, she wants only the best for Rahul and decides to leave for London in order to allow them to come together. Pooja and Rahul go to visit Pooja's old dance tutor. Pooja's tutor thinks it is obvious that Pooja is in love with Rahul but Pooja keeps denying it . Later, it is the wedding of two members of the dance troupe. At the wedding, after everyone has left Rahul gets closer to Pooja and kisses her neck where both finally realise their love for one another. However, problems arise when Ajay who has been in London for a long time tells Pooja and his mother that he is returning and wishes to marry Pooja as soon as possible. Ajay arrives and Rahul learns that he is Pooja's fiance, Rahul is heartbroken. Nisha, who has returned from London realises that Rahul is hurt and tries to comfort him. Rahul edits the end of the play to reflect his devastation. On the night of the play, Ajay realises that Pooja is in love with Rahul. He releases her from the engagement and the play does not end in the sad way Rahul had intended it to end. Rahul and Pooja are applauded by the audience as they confess their love for one another.
33532.0	0.0	"Anna Karenina is a young and elegant wife of Alexei Karenin, a wealthy nobleman twenty years her senior. She is unhappy and lives only for their son, Seriozha. However, during a ball in Moscow, she encounters the handsome Count Alexei Vronsky. Vronsky is instantly smitten and follows her to St. Petersburg, pursuing her shamelessly. Eventually, Anna surrenders to her feelings for him and becomes his mistress. Though they are happy together, their relationship soon crumbles after she miscarries his child. Karenin is deeply touched by her pain and agrees to forgive her. However, Anna remains unhappy and, to the scandal of respectable society, she openly leaves her husband for Count Vronsky. Using her brother as an intermediary, Anna hopelessly begs her husband for a divorce. Karenin indignantly refuses and denies her access to Seriozha. Distraught by the loss of her son, Anna grows severely depressed and self medicates with laudanum. Before long, she is hopelessly addicted. With Vronsky she has another child, but he is also torn between his love to Anna and the temptation of a respectable marriage. Anna becomes certain that Vronsky is about to leave her and marry a younger woman. She travels to the railway station and commits suicide by jumping in front of a train. Vronsky is emotionally devastated by her death and volunteers for a 'suicide mission' in the Serbian war against the Turks. While travelling to join his regiment, he encounters Konstantin Levin, who has married Vronsky's former sweetheart, Princess ""Kitty"" Shcherbatsky. Levin attempts to persuade Vronsky of the value of life. Vronsky, however, can only speak of how Anna's body looked at the train station. They separate and Levin returns to his family. He writes the events of the film and signs his manuscript, ""Leo Tolstoy."""
36269.0	0.0	Jesse Reilly was released from prison and he is to be married to Hope. Shortly before the wedding he is involved in a bank robbery with his friends Buzz Thomas, Teddy Pollack and Billy Phillips. It escalates to a hostage crisis, and the FBI is called. In an exchange of fire, a few men are shot. Hope and Jesse are then rescued by John G. Coleman in a helicopter. In the last scene, Jesse and Hope are shown raising their son.
1890.0	1.0	Dashing Rahul Khanna  and tomboy Anjali Sharma  are best friends in St. Xavier's College, and are extremely close. The college principal, Mr. Malhotra's  daughter Tina  comes to St. Xavier's to finish her degree, and quickly becomes friends with Rahul and Anjali. When Anjali realizes that she is in love with Rahul, she is encouraged by her motherly housekeeper Rifat Bi  to tell him so. Instead, Anjali is left heartbroken when Rahul tells her he loves Tina. She decides to leave college and shares a tearful goodbye with Rahul, going away from Rahul and Tina's lives forever. Tina then realizes that she came between two best friends, two lovers. After college, Rahul marries Tina and, in a year of marriage, they give birth to a baby girl. Tina had complications in her pregnancy and has little time left so she writes eight letters to her daughter&nbsp;— one for each of her first eight birthdays, so that she will know her mother. Before dying, Tina asks Rahul to name their daughter Anjali in memory of Anjali Sharma. Eight years pass; Rahul is a single parent living with his daughter and loving mother . On her eighth birthday, little Anjali Khanna  reads the last and most important letter her mother left her, which tells the story of Anjali Sharma and how Anjali was always Rahul's true love. Anjali Khanna is given the mission of reuniting Rahul with Anjali Sharma and bringing back Rahul's lost love. Anjali Sharma is no longer the tomboy she was in college; she is now more feminine, and is engaged to Aman Mehra . However, she explains to her mother  that she does not really love him and is marrying him as a compromise as she feels she can never love again after losing Rahul. Anjali Khanna and her grandmother search for Anjali Sharma and soon learn that she is going to be working at a summer camp&nbsp;— they travel there, and Anjali Khanna meets her for the first time. That night, Anjali Sharma realizes she has met her best friend's daughter, and that Tina is dead. Rahul arrives at summer camp, where he and Anjali are surprised and delighted to see each other again, sharing an sweet reunion. Throughout the days spent at the camp, Rahul and Anjali feel themselves falling in love. However, Anjali remembers that she is engaged and feels guilty. Aman arrives and tells Rahul that he is Anjali's fiancee. Rahul is heartbroken but congratualtes Anjali. She takes this as him rejecting her again so she leaves summer camp and decides to get married to Aman as soon as possible. Rahul and his family arrive at Anjali's wedding, where Rahul silently confesses to Anjali that he loves her, and watches in tears as she is brought forth for the wedding. Realizing this, Anjali is hesitant to go on with the marriage, weeping. Aman notices the tears in her eyes and realizes that she has always been in love with Rahul. He releases Anjali from the engagement and tells her to marry Rahul. Rahul and Anjali have an emotional hug and as the two marry, the little Anjali has a vision of Tina smiling and giving her the thumbs up.
12446.0	1.0	"Lisbon Story is partially a sequel to Wenders' 1982 film, The State of Things. The fictitious movie director in the previous film, Friedrich Munro, reappears, again played by Patrick Bauchau. In Lisbon Story Friedrich has moved to Lisbon, Portugal . The principal character, Philip Winter , a sound engineer, receives a postcard invitation from Friedrich to come to Lisbon to record sounds of the capital city for a forthcoming film of his. On arriving, however, the director is nowhere to be found, though he leaves cryptic messages. This sets in motion a mysterious quest. The sound engineer doesn't meet up with the director until the end of the movie, when it materialises that, disturbed by the commercialization of images, he had set out to capture what he terms the ""unseen image"" of the city, one devoid of the subjective view, while also pretending that the whole history of cinema had never happened. A semi-non-fictional aspect of the plot is the appearance of the internationally famous Portuguese folk music group Madredeus and Manoel de Oliveira, who at that time was already the oldest living active film director in the world."
6961.0	0.0	"In the fictional modern-day location ""Verona Beach"", the Capulets and the Montagues are arch-rivals.<ref namehttp://www.independent.ie/lifestyle/education/shakespeare/from-stage-to-screen-1225784.html|titleWhitington|firstNovember 21, 2007|work5 March 2012}} The animosity of the older generation — Fulgencio and Gloria Capulet and Ted and Caroline Montague — is felt by their younger relatives. A gunfight between the Montague boys led by Benvolio, Romeo's cousin, and the Capulet boys led by Tybalt, Juliet's cousin, creates chaos in the city. The Chief of Police, Captain Prince, reprimands the families, warning them that if such behavior continues, their lives ""shall pay the forfeit of the peace"". The Montague boys meet their friend, Mercutio, who has tickets to the Capulet party. Romeo takes the Ecstasy pill Mercutio gave him and they proceed to the Capulet mansion. The effects of the drug and the party overwhelm Romeo, who goes to the restroom. While admiring an aquarium, he sees Juliet. Tybalt spots Romeo and vows to kill him for invading his family's home, but Fulgencio stops him. Romeo and Juliet sneak into an elevator and kiss. The nurse spots them when the doors open and drags Juliet away, while revealing that Romeo is a Montague. At the same time, Romeo realizes Juliet is a Capulet. Mercutio takes Romeo from the party, but he sneaks back to the mansion, hiding under Juliet’s balcony. Juliet emerges into the yard and proclaims her love for him before Romeo sneaks up behind her. Juliet is horrified that he risked death, but Romeo tells her he does not care whether he is caught. Knowing her nurse is looking for her, Juliet tells him that if he sends word by the following day, she will be his. Romeo visits Father Lawrence, telling him he wants to marry Juliet. He agrees to marry the pair in hopes that their marriage with help ease the tensions between the families. Romeo passes the word onto Juliet’s nurse and the lovers are married. Tybalt encounters Mercutio just as Romeo arrives. Romeo attempts to make peace, but Tybalt assaults him. Mercutio intervenes and batters Tybalt, about to shoot Tybalt when Romeo stops him. Tybalt slashes Mercutio with a shard of glass. Mercutio, in denial, laughs it off as a mere ""scratch"" but he soon realizes that the cut is deeper than he thought. Angered over his pending death, Mercutio curses the warring houses. He storms off in anger only to die in Romeo's arms a few moments later. Angry that Mercutio, neither a Capulet nor Montague, has been murdered, Romeo chases after a fleeing Tybalt and guns him down. Captain Prince banishes Romeo from the city. Romeo, hiding with Father Lawrence, claims he would rather die than be banished. Father Lawrence, in turn, sternly lectures Romeo about the fact that the end result of his actions could have been his death as opposed to banishment. Father Lawrence treats Romeo's injuries and says that after some time passes; he will help Romeo and Juliet return to the city and reconcile with their family and friends. The nurse tells Romeo that Juliet is waiting for him. At the Capulet mansion Juliet prays, horrified by what has happened. When Romeo climbs over her balcony, she kisses him. Fulgencio decides Juliet will marry Paris. The next morning, Romeo narrowly escapes as Juliet's mother tells her she has been promised to Paris. She refuses to marry, so her father threatens to throw her out. Her mother and nurse insist it would be in her best interest to marry Paris. Juliet sees Father Lawrence, imploring him to help her and threatening to commit suicide. The priest proposes she fake death and be put in the Capulet vault to awaken 24 hours later. Romeo will be told of the plot, sneak into the vault, and once reunited the two can travel to Mantua. He gives her the poison necessary to make her seem dead. After saying goodnight to her mother, Juliet drinks the poison. She is found in the morning, declared dead and placed in the vault. Balthasar learns Juliet is dead and tells Romeo, who was not home when the messenger arrived to tell him of the plan. Romeo returns to Verona, where he buys poison. Father Lawrence learns that Romeo has no idea Juliet is alive. Romeo enters the church where Juliet lies. Juliet awakens as Romeo takes the poison. The two thus see each other before he dies. Juliet picks up Romeo's gun and shoots herself in the head, dying instantly. The two lovers are discovered in each other's arms. Prince condemns both families whose feuding led to such a tragedy and coroners are shown taking the two bodies away."
31485.0	1.0	16 year old LP  has just graduated from junior high school. He lives in Oslo and he's the only-child to a middle-class couple. Wanting to get away from his parents he steals a sailboat, vaguely envisioning to look up some girl he once knew a bit down the Oslofjord. Not knowing how to sail he almost collides into a pier when the stunningly beautiful Line  rescues him. She jumps on board and joins LP on his journey. LP is sullen and introvert, however, the confident and well versed girl thaws him as they continue on their sunny escapade of the Oslofjord archipelago. Then LP's father  appears and demands the end to the adventure. LP is determined not to submit to his father's authority, leading dad to board the boat and join the young couple. A battle of wills ensues between the equally stubborn father and his offspring. Neither has really learned to know the other, and Line becomes the catalyst which makes both realize new aspects about the other.
30266.0	1.0	This movie is a campus love story, where the daughter of a policeman and a poor guy fall in love. However, her family want her to marry a policeman.
19668.0	1.0	This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men in the Los Angeles area, Dave Goldman , wrestling coach/driver's ed teacher Vic Damico , and real estate agent Donny Carson . The film is presented from their perspective and it reveals their relationships with their children, ex-wives, girlfriends, male friendships, and their identities as divorced men. In addition to dealing with divorce, the film touches on spousal loss and young adult homelessness.
6865.0	0.0	Nagesh and Nambiar have been best friends since college and so have their children, Jaiganesh and Vasudevan. Jaiganesh's family members are Christians while Malaysia Vasudevan's are Hindu. Jaiganesh's son is Lawrence and Malaysia Vasudevan's daughter is Nandhini Anju Aravind. Robert, Jaiganesh's brother, and Janaki, Malaysia Vasudevan's sister, fall in love with each other. Against their families' wishes, they elope. Ever since then, the two families hate each other. 25 years later, Nandhini and Lawrence fall in love with each other, but are afraid of their families' opposition. Raja comes to the village and announces that he is the son of Robert and Jananaki. He wants to reconcile the feuding families. With his friend Gopi , Raja stays in the house of the loud & frightful Velingiri. He gradually endears himself to both families. Later, both his grandmothers suggest marriage. To avoid the situation, Gopi suggests that Raja tell them that he is married. Raja decides that this is the only way, thus lying that he is married to a Hindu-Christian like himself, Nirmala Mary . Several days later, Nirmala Mary arrives. Raja is confused, as she was just a figment of his imagination. After several encounters, Nirmala Mary comes clean with Raja, telling him that she is the only child of Robert and Janaki. She then confronts Raja, asking him why he wants to unite the two families. Thus ensues a flashback where Raja explains why he came to the village. While living in the city, Raja lived next to a ladies' hostel, where Nandhini was a resident. As she and her friends were trying to find a good song for a competition, Raja indirectly helps her and falls in love with her. However she treats him as only a good friend. When Raja was about to confess his love for her, Nandhini instead tells Raja about her love for Lawrence. Hearing their plan to marry without their parents' consent due to the Robert-Janaki problem, Raja volunteers to unite the families so that they can marry with the blessings of their families. Raja and Nirmala carry out this mission and, when he is seen helping out the lovers in their ways of marrying, Anju Aravind's father learns of their love. The news spreads quickly like wildfire and both families now think they have run away and want to kill the members of the other family. Meanwhile, Raja has reconciled the grandparents of the two families. Only the uncles and the lovers are his main concern. At the end, he manages to unite the lovers and their families in a logical manner. After the marriage, the truth of Raja's appearance is revealed. Later, the families ask him to marry Nirmala  to make him a member of their family. However, he refuses, telling them that he loved a girl and does not want to think of anyone else. {{Use dmy dates}}
25223.0	1.0	"Four good friends from western Michigan, high school seniors, Kevin Myers , a confident student with a girlfriend named Vicky ; Chris ""Oz"" Ostreicher ([[Chris Klein , a member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim Levenstein , an awkward and sexually naïve character whose dad  attempts to offer sexual advice including purchasing and giving him pornography; and Paul Finch , a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate, make a pact, at Kevin's initiation, to lose their virginity before their high school graduation after a dorky classmate, Chuck Sherman ([[Chris Owen , claims to have done so at a party hosted by Steve Stifler , an ignorant and obnoxious lacrosse player who happens to be a close friend to the main four boys. Vicky later accuses Kevin of being with her only for sex, and he must try and repair his relationship with her before the upcoming prom night, when the four plan to lose their virginity. He eventually succeeds. Oz, meanwhile, joins the jazz choir in an effort to lose his reputation as an insensitive jock and finds a girlfriend there. He soon wins the attention of Heather , a girl in the choir. However, he runs into problems when Heather comes to learn about Oz's reputation and subsequently breaks up with him, although he later manages to regain some of her trust, and later most of it when he leaves the lacrosse championship to perform a duet with her in a choir competition. Jim, meanwhile, attempts to pursue Nadia , an exchange student from Czechoslovakia who asks Jim for help to study for an upcoming test. Stifler persuades him to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch it together. The plan suffers a hiccup, though, when Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and sits half-naked on his bed to read and masturbate to it. Jim is persuaded to return to his room, where he joins Nadia, unaware that he accidentally sent the weblink to the entire school directory and the members of the pop-punk band Blink-182. As Nadia is preparing to have sex with him, he prematurely ejaculates twice, humiliating himself live in front of the entire school. Shortly afterwards Nadia leaves school and goes back home, now leaving Jim completely dateless for prom, and his likeliness of losing his virginity before high school is over. In sheer desperation, Jim asks band camp geek Michelle Flaherty  to the senior prom as she is apparently the only girl at his school who did not see what happened. Finch, meanwhile, pays Vicky's friend, Jessica , $200 to spread rumors around the school of his sexual prowess, hoping that it will increase his chances of success. Unfortunately, he runs into trouble when Stifler, angry that a girl turned him down for the prom because she was waiting for Finch to ask her, puts a laxative into Finch's cappuccino. Finch, being paranoid about the lack of cleanliness in the school restrooms, and unable to go home to use the toilet as he usually does, is tricked by Stifler into using the girls' restroom. Afterward, he emerges before many other fellow students, humiliated and is left dateless. At the prom, everything seems hopeless for the four boys until Vicky asks the girl that Chuck Sherman claimed to have bedded about her ""first time."" She proclaims to everyone at the prom that she and Sherman did not have sex at Stifler's party, leaving Sherman embarrassed and making him wet himself. The revelation takes the pressure off of Jim, Kevin, Oz and Finch, and they head to the post-prom party with new hope. At the after-party at Stifler's house, all four boys fulfill their pledge. Kevin and Vicky have sex in an upstairs bedroom. Vicky breaks up with Kevin afterwards on the grounds that they will drift apart when they go to college, with him attending the University of Michigan and her at Cornell University; he tries to persuade her otherwise but quickly realizes that the distance between the two schools will be too much of a burden. Oz confesses the pact to Heather, and renounces it, saying that just by them being together makes him a winner. They reconcile and wind up making love together on the dock. Oz, honoring his newfound sensitivity, never confesses to what they did. Jim and Michelle have sex after he finds out that she is actually not as naïve as she let on and that she saw the ""Nadia Incident"" after all. She accepted his offer to be his date because of it, knowing he was a ""sure thing,"" but she makes him wear two condoms to combat his earlier ""problem"" with Nadia. Jim is surprised to discover that Michelle behaves unexpectedly aggressively in bed. In the morning he wakes up to find her gone and realizes that she had used him for a one-night stand, which Jim thinks is ""cool."" Dateless, Finch strays downstairs to the basement recreation room where he meets Stifler's Mom . She is aroused by his precociousness, and they have sex on the pool table. In the morning, Stifler enters the room, realizes that his mom has had sex with Finch and faints, unable to believe that his mom and ""Shit-break"" are together. The morning after the prom Jim, Kevin, Oz, and Finch eat breakfast at their favorite restaurant - with the fitting nostalgic name, ""Dog Years"" - where they toast to ""the next step."" The film ends with Nadia watching Jim stripping on his webcam. His dad walks in but walks out and starts dancing like Jim."
17806.0	0.0	In November 1963, Dallas housewife Lurene Hallett  is obsessed with First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. Lurene feels a special connection with Jackie through her own loss of a child. Knowing that President John F. Kennedy and his wife will be visiting Dallas, Lurene travels to Love Field Airport to try to catch a glimpse of the couple as they arrive by plane on November 22, 1963. Driving away a few hours later, she notices a quiet chaos developing, and discovers that the President has been assassinated. Lurene leaves her car in the middle of the street and rushes to watch the news through a store window. Lurene's anguish over the death of John F. Kennedy reflects the collective grief of the nation over this tragedy. Ignoring her overbearing husband Ray , she travels by bus to attend the funeral in Washington, D.C. Much to the chagrin of the black patrons on the bus, Lurene talks constantly of the assassination during the bus ride. During her journey, she befriends Jonell , the young black daughter of Paul Cater . After the bus has an accident, Lurene notices wounds on Jonell's body. Lurene senses something is wrong, suspects Paul and calls the FBI to report that there has been a kidnapping. Moments after her well-intentioned interference, Paul explains that Jonell's wounds are from an orphanage that he rescued her from and he is indeed her real father. Nevertheless, Lurene's FBI call leads the three of them on an increasingly difficult road trip across America with both the police and Ray in pursuit.{{cite web}} Over the course of the film Lurene and Paul develop a deep relationship, leading to a one-night roll in the hay . The police eventually catch Paul and Lurene, and Paul is sentenced to a year in jail. The movie then flashes forward to 1964  to show Lurene visiting Jonell in a foster home where she has been staying. It is evident that Lurene has been visiting Jonell regularly. In one scene, Lurene explains to Jonell that her father is coming back to take her home later that day. As Lurene leaves the group home, Paul arrives to pick up Jonell. The two stop to talk and Lurene informs Paul that she and Ray are divorced. Paul and Lurene hug and Lurene drives away. In the concluding scene of the film, Lurene turns her car around and rushes back into the group home to join Paul and Jonell.
12230.0	0.0	Kachra Seth runs an empire of collecting garbage, which is merely a front to cover-up for his other business - drug trafficking. He recruits a select group of people to carry out unpleasant tasks - such as beating someone up, or even killing someone. One of his recruits is Jaggu, who will do anything for a price. Jaggu loves Tina but is afraid to tell her. When Jaggu's mom is hospitalized, he comes to Kachra for monetary assistance, he is assigned to a task instead, and unable to complete the task he is apprehended by the police with the assistance of a librarian, and is subsequently found guilty and sent to prison. Jaggu's place is taken by Rajeshwar alias Raja, who is also attracted to Tina and even rescues her from one of Kachra's goons, Chabiley, and they both fall in love. When Jaggu returns from prison, he finds his mom has died, and his sister is missing, believed to have committed suicide. In anger, he concoctes a fool-proof plan to kill the librarian, and he does so. Jaggu does not know that the librarian is none other than Raja's dad, and Raja has sworn to hunt down his dad's killer, no matter what.
9613.0	0.0	Ching, May-kwan and Siu-chuen are famous mercenaries who capture wanted criminals for a living. However, they are involved in a love triangle, as Siu-chuen is in love with May-kwan, but May-kwan is in love with Ching and has been expressing her feelings for him all the time. May-kwan killed the Silver Fox's friend earlier and the Fox seeks vengeance on her. When Ching finally decided to propose marriage to May-kwan, Siu-chuen is killed by the Fox while trying to save May-kwan. May-kwan leaves Ching secretly to keep him out of trouble, and Ching constantly seeks her. One year later, Ching finally finds May-kwan, but learns that she has been poisoned by a spell. Ching and May-kwan join forces to defeat Silver Fox and the villains and they roam the world together as a couple.
31508.0	0.0	Julie Longwell, the owner of a hair salon in the town of Dobbs Mill, is paid a visit by a social worker who tells her that her son is looking for her. Julie is shocked by the news and in a series of flashbacks recalls the circumstances of her son being sent for adoption. As a teenager, Julie was going steady with Steve Carson, though the relationship had the disapproval of Julie's mother, Iva Mae. When Julie became pregnant, Iva Mae sent Julie to a special home for unwed mothers where she gave birth to a boy who was immediately sent away for adoption. When Julie returned home, she discovered that while she was gone, Steve had a breakdown, married another girl and enlisted in the Air Force. Although she was heartbroken over the loss of two of her loves, Julie eventually moved on with her life, but did not forget either one of them. In the present, Julie decides to meet with her son, despite her current family's protestations that the meeting would be too painful. When she does meet her son Scott, who is a minister, they bond immediately. Scott is also looking for his father, Steve, and Julie agrees to help him. She tracks Steve down to his office, and he ends up returning to Dobbs Mill to meet Julie in person. The pair spend the day exploring the town as they walk down memory lane together, and they discover that despite being apart for many years, they still have feelings for each other. Julie's grown-up daughter from a previous marriage disapproves this development, especially since Julie has recently become engaged to another man. Steve senses the disapproval and decides to leave Julie to her new life. Julie is disappointed with Steve's choice, but knows that she cannot marry her fiance when she still has feelings for another man, so she calls off the engagement. Scott, whose wife is pregnant, has a series of separate meetings with Julie and Steve, and comes to realize that they still have feelings for each other. Scott arranges a bowling event and invites both Julie and Steve without either knowing that the other will be there. Julie and Steve are forced to confront each other and accept that they are still in love with each other. On the day that Scott's wife gives birth to Julie and Steve's grandson, Steve proposes to Julie and she accepts. Julie and Steve are married in a church with their own son as the minister. Julie's grown-up daughter has by now given their union a blessing, as has Julie's mother, albeit reluctantly.
10557.0	0.0	"The film begins with a voice over quotation of the verse from the Book of Ecclesiates which includes the language, ""for every thing there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven"". After the death of his mother over a decade ago, Olof , an illiterate farmer, lives alone on his family farm. Olof can't read, so his young friend Erik —who has been a sailor and who claims to have known various American celebrities while staying in the United States of America and to have bedded hundreds of women—handles all the business of the farm. One day Olof puts out an ad for a woman in a local newspaper, asking applicants to include a photograph. The beautiful woman from outside of the village responds; Ellen . As Ellen takes over more and more of the business of the farm, the farmer and the newcomer fall in love. Erik becomes convinced she is a gold-digger who is after Olof’s money. Erik and Ellen quarrel, and Erik threatens to ‘find out where you come from and who you are.’ When he does find out that Ellen is married, he implies to Ellen that he will expose her. Ellen leaves the farm, leaving behind a note to Olof in which she discloses that she is already married, and apologizes for having ""betrayed his trust"". She says she must go back and ""sort things out"" and closes by saying that she will always love Olof. Olof asks Erik to read the note to him. At first, Erik refuses. When he does read the note, he alters the text by inserting a sentence saying that Erik has repaid some money he borrowed from Olof, and that Ellen has taken the payments for herself. He also omits Ellen’s declaration of eternal love for Olof. Erik then announces he is going back to sea, on the SS Andrea Doria, and departs. Some time passes, and one day in the fall  when Olof is on a road, a passing car stops and from it steps Ellen. Olof has Ellen’s note with him, and asks that she read it to him, confessing for the first time that he cannot read. Ellen reads the note, and asks if Olof wants her back. The two are reunited and the film ends."
26440.0	0.0	Veronica is an adventurous, curious, slightly tomboyish young woman in Venice. Her lover Marco  cannot marry her because her family is not wealthy enough to provide a good dowry. Marco, a future Senator, marries a foreign noblewoman instead. Veronica's mother  must think of the future and her family's financial security, as she still requires dowries for her younger daughters and money for her son's commission. Rather than go to a convent, Veronica's mother suggests she become a courtesan, a highly paid, cultured prostitute like her mother and grandmother before her. At first Veronica is repelled by the idea, but once she discovers that courtesans are allowed access to libraries and education, she tentatively embraces the idea. Veronica quickly gains a reputation as a top courtesan, impressing the powerful men of Venice with her beauty, wit, and compassion. Marco finds it difficult to adjust to his new wife, who is nothing like Veronica, and becomes jealous as she takes his friends and relatives as lovers. After Marco's cousin Maffio, a poor bard who was once publicly upstaged by Veronica, attacks her, Marco rushes to her aid. They rekindle their romance and Veronica stops seeing clients. War breaks out between the Ottoman Empire and Venice, and the city appeals to France for aid. Veronica is encouraged to seduce the king of France and secures a military alliance. Marco becomes despondent that she has broken her promise of fidelity. Veronica points out that she sacrificed their love for the good of the city, while he only did it to protect his family's political standing, and Marco leaves for war angry. While the Senators are fighting at sea, a plague hits the city. Religious zealots take the war and plague as punishment for the city's moral degradation, and Veronica's home is quarantined and almost ransacked by a mob. Veronica is summoned to appear before the Inquisition on charges of witchcraft and refuses to name her clients. When it appears that she will be executed, Marco publicly shames the Venetian ministers and senators into standing. Bewildered by the extent of sin in the city, the Inquisitor drops the charges of witchcraft, and Marco and Veronica reconcile.
30084.0	0.0	"The story begins with three children and a horse. These are young versions of Dudley Do-Right , Nell Fenwick , Snidely Whiplash , and Horse. The three talk of their aspirations; Dudley believes he is destined to be a royal Canadian Mountie while Nell wishes to see the world. Snidely, however, wishes to be the ""bad guy"". Several years later, all three have fulfilled their supposed destinies. Dudley  is now a Mountie , and Snidely  has become an infamous bank robber. After Snidely and his gang rob a bank of its money and gold, Snidely tricks his entire gang into believing he has fled with the bulk of the cash to the Sudan and going on a wild goose chase after him. Snidely subsequently salts the stolen gold and spreads it in the lakes. Dudley catches him the act, but Snidely fools him into thinking he is vampire hunting, and uses a similar tactic to scare Horse off. Not long after, Nell  returns from her world tour and reunites with Dudley. The two attend a festival at the nearby Kumquat tribe. Meanwhile, Prospector Kim J. Darling , the poorest man in Semi-Happy Valley, stumbles across the gold in the river and is made into a media sensation by Snidely. The subsequent gold rush boosts Snidely's popularity and he quickly takes control of the town, renaming it ""Whiplash City"". Eventually, Snidely's men return from the Sudan to kill him for his deceit, but Snidely convinces them otherwise by offering them lives of luxury in his new town. Dudley becomes convinced that Snidely is up to something and confronts him, but Snidely laughs him off and snatches Nell from him. Snidely sends his second in command, Homer, to assassinate Dudley with a bomb, but Dudley is absent when the bomb goes off. Nell's father, Inspector Fenwick , discovers this and discharges Dudley from the Mounties. Dudley falls into a depression and wanders across the town until he runs into a drunken Darling, who offers him shelter at his underground cave in the woods. Darling tells Dudley of Snidely's plans and newfound popularity, and takes him to see a Gala Ball in Snidely's honor. Dudley comically attempts to take Nell back from Snidely, but loses pathetically. Darling decides to put Dudley through some training to make him a more formidable opponent, which basically involved Dudley being pummeled with stones in a trust exercise and beaten with sticks in an attempt to heighten his senses. At the end of the training, which leaves Dudley barely conscious, Darling comments that Dudley will be perfectly alright against the enemy, depending they DON'T attack him with sticks. Dudley's first act is to intimidate one of Snidely's men into telling him the next gold shipment. Dudley sabotages the shipment and leaves his mark on Snidely's workshop, as well as his favorite golf course. Eventually, Darling leaves to find his family, and parts ways with Dudley, thanking him for his friendship. Dudley then uses his new training to win Nell back from Snidely, who swears revenge. Snidely attempts to rally the people against Dudley, but their lingering respect for Dudley only turns them against Snidely. Snidely ultimately discovers that Dudley and Nell are at another festival with the Kumquat tribe, and leads a full scale attack on them. The Kumquats flee for their lives until Horse reappears and helps Dudley sabotage Snidely's tanks by making Snidely and Homer accidentally shoot each other. A cavalry of Mounties appears and arrests Snidely and his men. Darling also arrives with his wife and is reunited with Dudley, revealing that they called out the cavalry. Inspector Fenwick reinstates Dudley in the Mounties. The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together in Dudley's rebuilt house. They share a kiss as the film closes."
32092.0	0.0	"The film begins with a close-up of the inscription above the stage in the ballroom of the Blackpool Tower: ""Bid me discourse, I will enchant thine ear"", from the poem Venus and Adonis by William Shakespeare. As the camera pans around the ballroom giving a view of the dancers, a voice-over explains that in Japan, ballroom dancing is treated with suspicion. Shohei Sugiyama  is a successful salaryman, with a house in the suburbs, a devoted wife, Masako , and a teenage daughter, Chikage . He works as an accountant for a firm in Tokyo. Despite these external signs of success, however, Sugiyama begins to feel as if his life has lost direction and meaning and falls into depression. One night, while coming home on the Tokyo Subway, he spots a beautiful woman with a melancholy expression looking out from a window in a dance studio. This is Mai Kishikawa , a well-known figure on the Western ballroom dance circuit. Sugiyama becomes infatuated with her and decides to take lessons in order to get to know her better. Sugiyama's life changes once his classes begin. Rather than Mai, his teacher is Tamako Tamura , who becomes an important mentor to him. He meets his classmates: Tōkichi Hattori  who joined to impress his wife, and Masahiro Tanaka  who joined to lose weight. He also meets Toyoko Takahashi , another student. He further discovers that one of his colleagues from work Tomio Aoki  is a regular at the dance studio. Aoki, who is balding and mocked at work for his rigid ways, is revealed to be leading a secret life as a long-haired  ballroom dancer. Though distant from her, the classes increase his infatuation for Mai. His secret thus becomes twofold: not only must he hide the lessons from his wife, he must also hide them from his friends and colleagues as it is considered embarrassing according to traditional Japanese customs to participate in Western ballroom dance. Later, after being rebuffed by Mai, Sugiyama discovers to his surprise that his passion for ballroom dance outweighs his infatuation with her. Indeed dancing, rather than Mai, gives Sugiyama the meaning in life that he was looking for. Masako, noticing his odd behavior, thinks that he is having an affair — so she hires a private detective to follow him. Meanwhile, along with his classmates, Sugiyama enters an amateur competition – only to find out that his wife, having finally learned the truth from the detective  is in the audience. Surprised by this, he stumbles and nearly knocks his dance partner to the floor. Though he is able to catch her, he accidentally rips the skirt of her dress off. Both leave the contest. Later, they learn that Tomio won the contest. When Tomio is ridiculed at work after his colleagues read of his success in the newspaper, Sugiyama stands up and tells them not to make fun of something they don't understand. At home, Sugiyama's wife tries to understand her husband's new passion by asking him to teach her to dance as well. He is invited to a good-bye party for Mai, who is leaving for Blackpool. At the party, Mai joins him to dance, asking him ""Shall we dance?"""
20784.0	1.0	"Zack Siler  — soccer star, class president, honor student — is the big man on campus at his Southern Californian high school. His popular girlfriend, Taylor Vaughan , ditches him for a faded reality TV star from The Real World, Brock Hudson , whom she met on spring break in Florida. Although bitter over the break-up, Zack consoles himself by claiming that Taylor is replaceable by any girl from the school. Zack's friend, Dean Sampson, Jr. , disagrees and challenges him to a bet on whether Zack can turn any random girl into the Prom Queen within six weeks. While walking around the school, Dean picks out Laney Boggs , a ""dorky"", solitudinous, unpopular art student, as his choice for Zack. Zack starts to approach and attempt to befriend Laney in the hope of subsequently transforming her into prom queen material. His first encounter with her is a complete failure, when she pointedly ignores his advance and walks off on him. With help from Laney's friend Jesse Jackson , Zack is eventually successful in getting Laney to take him to a theater lounge that is frequented by artists and performers. Intended to deter him, Laney arranges for Zack to be called onto the stage and perform, out of his surprise. However, Zack manages to improvise a show with the Hacky Sack he happens to carry in his pocket. Laney is impressed by the performance, but rejects him again after he attempts to charm her. Zack continues to try approaching her by becoming friends with her brother Simon  and, in an attempt to stop this, Laney agrees to go to the beach together with him for once. He then successfully persuades her to attend a party at Preston's  house the same night, by making the JV soccer team help clean her house and employing his sister Mac  to give her a makeover, transforming the ugly duckling into a stunning beauty. Laney's attendance to Preston's party results in a humiliation by Taylor, but she is consoled by Zack, who has now developed a true affection towards her. As a result of her new appearance and Zack's interest, Laney is nominated for Prom Queen and begins an uneasy battle with Taylor for the crown. In the meantime, Dean begins to show an interest in Laney as her popularity begins to soar and Zack's victory becomes more imminent, and tries to invite Laney as his prom partner in an attempt to ruin Zack's attempt to boost Laney's winning chance with his own popularity. After falling out with Zack, Dean deliberately tells Laney about the bet and she forces a confession out of Zack in public. Feeling objectified and betrayed, Laney refuses to see Zack again. Unable to reconcile with Laney, Zack ends up attending the prom with his sister, while Taylor arrives alone thinking that Zack is still interested in her. On prom night, a disheartened Laney reluctantly dresses up after persuasion by her father Wayne  and goes to the dance with Dean when he shows up at her house in a tuxedo to invite her as his prom date. At the prom, after an in-depth dance scene presided over by the school's resident DJ ([[Usher , Mac meets Jesse and they become friends. Drunk, Dean boasts to Preston and others in the bathroom that he is succeeding in seducing Laney and has hired a hotel room with intention of having sex with her. Jesse overhears this and warns Mac and Zack. Taylor is then crowned Prom Queen with just over half the votes; she begins a long moaning speech which is interrupted by her microphone being turned off by a teacher. Laney leaves the prom with Dean, while Zack attempts to intervene but loses track of them. When Laney returns to her house, Zack is there waiting for her. Laney explains how she fought off Dean's advances by deafening him with her rape alarm. Zack confesses his true feelings to Laney, and asks for forgiveness as well as the chance to further their relationship, which she grants. Laney tells Zack that she is considering art school after graduation, and Zack jokingly tells her that she has inspired him to pursue a career in performance art. After their first dance and kiss, Laney asks Zack about his bet with Dean , and Zack claims that he would gracefully honor the terms. At the graduation ceremony, the terms of the bet are revealed — Zack must appear nude on stage if he lost. After his name is called, Zack heads to the stage naked, carrying only a soccer ball to cover himself, but then throws the ball to Laney."
33831.0	0.0	"Return to Paradise begins with a silent montage of a fun holiday in a Malaysian paradise showing the three main male characters in the movie having a great time. The opening scenes of the movie remain in Malaysia with a series of pulsating events providing the men with a myriad of adventures, including a scene when the young men are almost run over by a car while riding a bicycle and another when they are pressured into buying some rhinoceros horn from Malaysian locals. Eventually, the three men, Lewis McBride , Sheriff  and Tony  wind up at their beach front house on the ocean pondering their future in the island paradise. Tony and Sheriff decide to return to New York, while Lewis, being a ""greeny"", wishes to travel to Borneo to save endangered orangutans. Back in New York, Sheriff is working as a limo driver and Tony as an architect. A young lawyer named Beth  informs them that their friend Lewis has served the last two years in Penang prison in Malaysia, because of the hash found at their Malaysian house. She reveals that he will receive the death sentence unless one or both of the men return to share responsibility. Beth assures both of the men that they will not suffer in the prison, be tortured nor harmed in any way. After a grueling eight days, during which they must make a decision, and a heated love affair between Beth and Sheriff, both men decide to return to Malaysia. Upon their arrival, all seems well until they visit the prison to see Lewis. Lewis appears to have suffered psychological damage from the harsh imprisonment, although it is reported that he has not been tortured or starved as is the case with other prisoners. Beth subsequently reveals that she is Lewis' sister. Her lie makes Tony fearful of the Malaysian justice system and he abandons Lewis and flies back to the US. Sheriff follows Tony, but decides to face jail to save his friend and returns to the courtroom in which Lewis is being tried. The judge  seems heartened by this act of courage and bravery, until he discovers a news clipping from an American newspaper blaming the Malaysian justice system and condemning them for their harsh sentencing of Lewis. Because of this, the judge becomes infuriated and gives Lewis a death sentence, despite Sheriff's decision to accept his share of the responsibility. He also gives Sheriff an unknown period of jail time. As a noose is tied around Lewis' neck for his execution, Sheriff attempts to comfort him. Lewis is then dropped from the platform and killed. Sheriff later assures Beth that Lewis, who had emotionally deteriorated as though a fearful animal, at the last moment seemed to die at peace. Beth becomes emotional and kisses Sheriff as a sign of their love and connection. She tells him that the attorney general has said that Malaysian government will quietly release him within six months, once the media attention dies down, to save face. As the guard takes Sheriff out, she tells him, she will wait in Malaysia until he is released."
31887.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} The film is set in the deeply snowy alpine winter resort of Berchtesgaden in Bavaria; the story begins shortly after Christmas Day, with five people returning, not all of whom are connected. Laura, a surgical nurse, and Rebecca, a translator, live together in the house that Rebecca inherited from her great aunt. René is a projectionist in a cinema. Marco, Rebecca's boyfriend, is a skiing instructor who drives an expensive Alfa Romeo. Theo is a middle-aged farmer who lives with his wife Edith, their daughter, and two sons on a poor farm nearby. When Marco arrives, he is greeted passionately by Rebecca, and tugged into the house. He leaves his car open outside, with the key still in the ignition. It is the early morning, and René, walking drunkenly home, passes the house, taking pictures, among other things, of Rebecca and Marco having sex inside. Finally, he climbs into the car and drives away. Theo, meanwhile, is taking his horse to the veterinarian, but doesn't let his daughter come with him. He doesn't notice when she sneaks into the horse box with the animal. Theo, distracted by his sons calling him on a walkie-talkie and driving on the wrong side of the road, almost collides with René. The Alfa Romeo crashes off the road and into a snowdrift and Rene is not hurt; however, the horse box is flipped over and the girl and horse badly injured. Theo is dazed, but René, rather than helping, takes a photo of him and walks off. When Theo is helped out of his truck by a passing driver, he shoots the injured horse on the spot and takes his daughter to the hospital where Laura works. There, Laura hears Theo becoming obsessed with finding the man who caused the accident, to prove his own innocence: no-one believes that there was another car, because it is buried under snow. All he remembers was the shape of René's face close to him, when he took the photo. The young girl is operated-on and is in a coma, between life and death. Meanwhile, Marco reports the car theft to the police and becomes exasperated by their lack of progress, claiming they aren't taking the theft seriously. Rebecca is becoming discontent with her relationship with him; she sees him as taking her for granted, jealous without cause, and lacking ambition. Outside of their passionate sex life, they argue constantly. Laura befriends René after a play in which she was performing; he gives her a free pass for the cinema where he works, and eventually he shows her his photos, which he keeps in an album with numbers and dates. The reason he takes them is his short-term memory problems which were caused by a head injury while serving in the Army; without photos he would have no way of remembering places or people. Theo and Edith have to shut the farm down because of debt and move to a smaller place near the resort. Theo draws a picture of the shape he remembers, copies it and sticks them up around town, appealing for anyone to come forward if they recognize the scar on the back of the head . But Edith takes down all his posters, believing he is only trying to escape his own guilt and explaining that she's ashamed. Marco has started an affair with Nina, a young student from the skiing class he teaches. He invites her to his boss's house one evening while his boss is out of town, pretending it is his. Later, he has to go to the hospital after burning himself on the coffee machine and is treated by Laura. While he is there, Theo's daughter dies. Theo, investigating the site of the car crash again, finds the buried car and comes across documents showing Marco to be the owner. Theo goes to Marco's workplace  and is told Marco is skiing in the mountains, with Nina. They become separated in fog, and Nina injures herself by falling off a ledge and onto a tree. After falling out of the tree, Nina staggers to Theo's new residence and is tended to by Edith. Desperately trying to find Nina, Marco meets Theo on the mountainside where Theo sets his dog onto Marco. When Marco demands to know what's happening, Theo explains only ""You killed her."" Not knowing about Theo's daughter, Marco starts to panic about losing Nina. After injuring Theo's aggressive German shepherd, Marco manages to ski hurriedly away before going over the edge of a cliff, and he falls, seemingly forever, into a crevasse in the valley, to his death. In another coincidence, Rebecca and the injured Nina depart on the same train, but don't know each other. The film ends with the birth of René and Laura's child."
37522.0	0.0	An erotic drama about a writer involved in a plagiarism suit who becomes romantically involved with a woman with whom he is connected through dreams.Synopsis from {{cite web}}
6650.0	1.0	"A wealthy but crude businessman, Harry Brock, on a trip to the nation's capital, is socially embarrassed by his ditzy blonde girlfriend, Billie Dawn. He hires a reporter, Paul Verrall, to ""teach her the ropes."" Harry comes to regret it when Billie not only becomes more savvy, questioning his unscrupulous deals and refusing to cooperate in ways she normally would, but also falls in love with Paul."
29367.0	1.0	"Cameron James , a new student at Padua Stadium High School, is given a tour of the school by Michael Eckman , an A.V. geek. During the tour, Cameron notices the beautiful and popular Bianca Stratford  and he is immediately smitten with her. Michael warns Cameron that Bianca is shallow and conceited, and that her father does not allow her to date. However, Michael does inform Cameron that Bianca is looking for a French tutor. At the Stratford residence, Bianca's outcast older sister, Kat , is in conflict with their overprotective father , who wants Kat to attend college nearby despite her acceptance to Sarah Lawrence College. Bianca is also fighting with their father regarding his strict no-dating rule. Kat's aversion to dating prompts their father to come up with a new rule, to Bianca's fury: Bianca can only date if Kat is also in a relationship. Cameron starts tutoring Bianca . After Cameron makes a failed attempt to ask her out on a date, she informs him of her father’s rule. This motivates Cameron and Michael to find a boy who is willing to date Kat. Cameron suggests Patrick Verona , another outcast who is just as ill-tempered as Kat. Cameron tries asking Patrick for his assistance, but Patrick scares him off. Michael suggests that Joey Donner , an affluent student and model who also wants to date Bianca, pay Patrick to take Kat out. Patrick agrees, but Kat wants nothing to do with him. After a little effort, Patrick gets Kat to attend a party with him, but rejects her advances, leaving her angered and unwilling to talk to him. At the party, Bianca sees Cameron but is dragged away by Joey. He poses and tries to please her when Bianca realizes he is just obsessed with himself. After the party, Cameron admits his feelings for Bianca, and they kiss. The next day, Patrick eventually wins Kat over with a performance of ""Can't Take My Eyes Off You"" in front of her entire soccer team. After sneaking Patrick out of detention, the two go on a date and kiss; however, when Patrick asks Kat to prom, she becomes suspicious and the two fight. Bianca tries to convince her father to let her attend the prom, but he refuses because Kat is not going to the prom. When Bianca confronts Kat, it is revealed that Kat previously dated Joey and they slept together once since ""everyone was doing it."" She tells Bianca that her feelings of isolation from her fellow students dated from that incident and that she would never again do anything just because it was the popular thing to do. Bianca and Kat end up going to the prom with Cameron and Patrick, respectively. Joey is furious to learn that Bianca has gone to the prom with Cameron, and confronts Patrick about the ""arrangement"" in front of Kat. Kat is very angry at Patrick when she discovers the truth and leaves him at the prom. Joey subsequently confronts Cameron about manipulating the ""deal"" for himself and knocks him to the floor, but Bianca punches Joey numerous times for using her, for hurting Kat's feelings, and for punching Cameron. Bianca and Cameron share a kiss and leave Joey lying on the floor in pain. The next morning, Kat and Bianca's relationship appears to have improved drastically as Bianca attempts to comfort her older sister. Their father allows Kat to go to Sarah Lawrence College; she is extremely grateful and hugs him with happiness. Later at school, Kat reads a poem which she wrote for English class, titled ""Ten Things I Hate About You,"" revealing her true feelings for Patrick. After school, Kat finds a guitar in her car that Patrick bought her with the money that Joey paid him, and he admits that he messed up his and Joey's deal by falling for her. Kat forgives Patrick and the two reconcile with a kiss."
8841.0	1.0	Mrs. Malhotra  is the mother of twins, who were separated at birth, and she only has one son. Mrs. Malhotra goes into shock and then uses a wheelchair. She resides with her husband and son in the US. Quiet and mature Prem,  one of the twins, and his dad  return to India together with Mrs. Malhotra to get Prem married. Prem's future fiance is the outgoing and percocious Mala , who is the daughter of Mr. Sharma . There Prem meets with his twin brother very outgoing and precocious Raja , who looks like him, but is exactly the opposite in nature. A series of comic scenes result as a result of the twins getting together. Prem loves quiet and mature Roopa ([[Rambha , and both the girls are confused by the change they perceive in their respective lovers. To make matters worse, Tiger Ratanlal  has sworn vengeance against the Malhotra family for what they did to his dad .
35598.0	0.0	During the French and Indian War in 1757, Mohican Chingachgook  with his sons, Uncas  and adopted white Nathaniel Hawkeye , visit the Cameron frontier household. Friend Jack Winthrop  tells them he is gathering militia for the British army. General Webb agrees to grant the militia leave if their homes are attacked, in return for their reinforcement of Colonel Edmund Munro  at Fort William Henry. Newly arrived Major Duncan Heyward  and native Magua  are tasked with escorting Munro's daughters, Cora  and Alice , from Albany to their father at the fort. Duncan wishes to marry Cora, but she professes friendship only. Magua leads the unsuspecting group into an ambush by his Huron war party. Hawkeye, Uncas and Chingachgook come across the attack as Magua escapes and save Duncan, Cora and Alice, deciding to escort them to the fort. Along the way the Cameron home is found razed and its occupants murdered. The group arrive at the fort to find it under siege by the French, but manage to sneak in. Munro is surprised at his daughters’ arrival; he had sent a letter to them warning them to stay away, but Magua had schemed to reunite the family. The fort can only hold for three more days, so a messenger is sent to General Webb for help. To Duncan's chagrin, Cora and Hawkeye are drawn to each other, so he resentfully denies to testify that the razing of the Cameron homestead was done by an Ottawa war party. Munro, putting British interests first, therefore refuses to let Jack and the militia leave to defend their homes. Hawkeye secretly helps them escape anyway, but is arrested for sedition and sentenced to hang despite Cora's pleas. The French General Montcalm  generously offers all in the fort safe passage to Albany if they surrender and leave America never to fight there again. Munro reluctantly accepts after Montcalm shows Webb’s intercepted message, showing that no aid is forthcoming. Magua berates Montcalm for making peace, revealing that his village was destroyed and his children killed by Munro's troops, assisted by the Mohawk; though he regained his freedom under Mohawk captivity, his wife remarried believing he was dead. Montcalm, though intending to honor the terms, is aware of the necessity of keeping his Indian allies content and makes it clear that he would not mind if Magua were to deal with the British on his own. The retreating British soldiers and their families are ambushed by Magua's men. Magua traps Munro underneath his fallen horse and cuts out Munro's heart from his living body, but not before promising to kill Munro's daughters to extinguish his line. Hawkeye, Cora, Alice, Uncas, Chingachgook, Duncan and a few others flee in canoes across Lake George and down a river to a cave behind a waterfall, but Magua and his men are soon upon them. For their safety, Hawkeye urges Cora and her sister to submit if captured and promises he will find them later, then leaps with his father and brother down the waterfall. Magua takes Duncan and the two sisters to a Huron village. Magua negotiates his captives’ fate with the sachem when they are interrupted by the arrival of an unarmed Hawkeye. With Duncan translating in French, Hawkeye convinces the chief that Magua is acting for his own interests like the colonial powers, rather than for the good of the tribe. The chief decides that Cora is to be burned alive to atone for Magua's children, gives Alice to replace Magua’s wife so that both bloodlines can continue and orders Duncan's return to the British to placate them. Hawkeye is released in recognition of his bravery, but pleads to take Cora’s place. Duncan deliberately mistranslates, sacrificing himself instead so Hawkeye and Cora can escape, whilst Magua curses the sachem and departs with Alice and his men. From a safe distance, Hawkeye mercifully shoots Duncan as he is burned alive. Uncas, who had cared for Alice throughout, races ahead to intercept Magua's band, killing several warriors before engaging Magua. Magua kills him, then drops his body off the cliff. Rather than join Magua, Alice follows Uncas by jumping to her death. Seeing this, an enraged Hawkeye and Chingachgook set upon the Hurons and slay several. Chingachgook kills Magua, avenging his son. After a ritual for Uncas with Cora and Hawkeye, Chingachgook announces that he is the last of the Mohicans.
4.0	1.0	Adam, a San Francisco-based artist who works as a cab driver on the side, is having a hard time committing to his girlfriend, Nina. She wants to take their relationship to the next level, but he hasn't really gotten over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him for another woman and is reluctant to move forward with Nina because he's still hanging on to the idea that one day Kate will come back to him. Feeling neglected, Nina breaks up with Adam and starts seeing Kevin, a womanizing bartender who is also Adam's best friend. Meanwhile Rebecca, the new girl in town, gets a job in Kevin's bar and begins an affair with Anne, the woman Kate left Adam for. Tired of her infidelities, Kate breaks up with Anne and returns to Adam. However she soon realises that she's not in love with him anymore and breaks up with him for good. Rebecca soon tires of Anne and breaks off their affair. One day she meets Adam, who is finally attempting to move on from Kate once and for all, and they go out on a date. Nina and Kevin's fling turns into something deeper when she finds out that she's pregnant, an event that strains Adam's friendship with Kevin and threatens to ruin his budding relationship with Rebecca before it has a chance to begin.
24978.0	1.0	Zandalee Martin is frustrated and feeling unfulfilled with her marriage to Thierry Martin, and eventually gets tangled in a passionate, sensual and torrid affair with her husband's mysterious and free spirited old friend Johnny Collins. Zandalee and Thierry’s marriage has hit a snag and seems to be eroding. Zan needs to explore, while Thierry wants to withdraw, and has become more and more distant and impotent in their relationship. He used to be a poet, but now has taken over the family’s communications business after the death of his father. As time goes on, Thierry has to sell the business and become basically a  figurehead. He is emotionally adrift as his dreams give way to disillusionment. Collins, an artist by trade, has been working for Thierry’s business to help support his paintings. His only religion is self-gratification. Sensing Zandalee’s frustration and vulnerability, Collins takes advantage and moves in by seducing her. Their sexual liaisons occur in various places. Thierry soon suspects the two are having an affair. As the affair intensifies, Johnny asks Zandalee to leave her husband. Zandalee never abandons her true love Thierry, and ends the affair. She and Thierry re-commit themselves to each other, but Johnny, now obsessed with her will not be brushed off that easily. He tracks them to their vacation spot in the Bayou. All of this puts the three on a destructive collision course with a tragic sequence of events.
12831.0	0.0	"The movie begins with young Finnegan ""Finn"" Bell playing on a beach in the Gulf Coast. An escaped convict suddenly pops out of the water and overpowers him, making Finn promise to bring back food and medicine and a bolt cutter to get the iron shanks off his leg. Finn does, and the convict unexpectedly tries to make Finn take him by boat to Mexico. The police seize the small boat heading out to sea. The convict hides on a buoy, and Finn's boat is towed back to shore. The next day, Finn sees on the news that the convict, mobster Arthur Lustig, had escaped from death row, but was recaptured and would face execution soon. Finn's uncle Joe is called to Paradiso Perduto , home of the richest woman in Florida, Ms. Nora Dinsmoor. She is a local mystery, having shunned virtually all human contact since she was left at the altar several years before. She ostensibly asks him there to do a gardening job, but instead she slips him a large sum of money under the door, calling it ""gas money."" Meanwhile, Finn, who he brought along, meets Ms. Dinsmoor's young niece Estella in the overgrown garden. Ms. Dinsmoor sees them interacting and calls Maggie , Finn's sister, to ask her to let Finn be a playmate for Estella, even though Estella apparently dislikes him. On Finn's first visit, she is disappointed when the boy cannot dance for her, but is intrigued when he says he can draw. She forces Estella to sit for a portrait, which Finn draws with make up on an old piece of wallpaper. While he draws, Ms. Dinsmoor warns Finn that he will fall in love with Estella and have his heart broken. After the portrait session, Ms. Dinsmoor calls it a day and asks Estella to help Finn find the door. On the way out, she pauses to take a drink from a water fountain and politely offers him a drink from it as well. While Finn is drinking, Estella kisses him. Several years pass. Maggie runs away from home and Joe raises Finn alone. Finn goes to Paradiso Perduto every Saturday, where he learns to dance with Estella. One day, Estella mentions that she has a party to attend. Ms. Dinsmoor is shocked that she does not have an escort to take her, so Finn volunteers to escort her. When Finn shows up at the party, he is not allowed in because he is not on the guest list. Estella shows up beside his pick-up truck and asks him playfully if he will take her to his house. Once they get there, Estella starts to seduce Finn, only to suddenly leave, claiming that she is very busy that night. The next day, Finn goes to Paradiso Perduto, only to be told by Ms. Dinsmoor that Estella had left to study abroad in Europe. For the next seven years he resolutely puts Estella and Ms. Dinsmoor out of his mind, and gives up drawing. One day, a lawyer comes to Finn and tells him that he will have a gallery show in New York City. In the end, Finn is convinced to go to New York, which Estella had once claimed was the art capital of the world. When he arrives, he immediately gets to work drawing again, since he has no pieces to put on exhibit. He takes a break to get a drink from a water fountain - where Estella appears and kisses him. She then invites him to afternoon tea with her at a high class club. Finn arrives to tea with Estella and some of her friends & fiancé, Walter Plane, make fun of him by asking how much he would charge to draw a portrait of Estella. Finn leaves in a hurry amid the laughter of Estella's friends. One day, Finn wakes up in his hotel room to see Estella standing next to him, reminding him that he had wanted to draw a portrait of her. While he prepares his sketch pad and charcoal, Estella takes off her clothes. After posing for a few sketches, Estella suddenly puts her clothes back on and leaves, saying that she is very busy. Growing sick of Estella's games, Finn chases her out to a cab and asks why she is so cruel to him. Estella sadly explains that she was trained to act this way by her Aunt Dinsmoor. Walter shows up at Finn's hotel room one day, wanting to see the result of the portrait session. He then confesses to Finn that he thinks Estella is using Finn to push Walter into asking her to marry him and asks him how to please her. Finn has no idea how to respond, and Walter soon leaves. The lawyer who had found Finn in Florida shows up again, moving Finn to a big studio where he can work on his art more comfortably. Finn quickly fills up the studio with his artwork as the opening date of his gallery draws nearer. He makes Estella say that she will be there. One night, at an important event, Finn becomes frustrated when Walter draws Estella away when he barely even got to talk to her. He follows them to their dinner at a Chinese restaurant. As the bemused dinner guests look on, Finn asks Estella to dance. They dance for a few seconds and then leave the restaurant. Once on the sidewalk, they run for Finn's art studio, where they make passionate love. Finally, the opening night of Finn's gallery show arrives. He looks everywhere for Estella but she is nowhere to be seen. Instead, Uncle Joe shows up, to Finn's surprise and, to some degree, embarrassment. When Joe accidentally knocks a tray of wine glasses over and tries to clean up the mess, Finn repeatedly tells him with increasing volume to ""just leave it."" Joe feels that he and his homely manners are an embarrassment to Finn and decides to leave early, despite Finn's attempts to get him to stay. Finn then goes to Estella's abode in New York, hoping to find her there, but instead he finds Ms. Dinsmoor, who had come up to New York for the ""special event"": Estella's wedding. When Finn becomes upset at this news, she says icily that she warned him when he was a child. At this, Finn tells Ms. Dinsmoor that she has broken his heart, the way her fiancé did to her all those years ago. Suddenly remorseful, Ms. Dinsmoor apologizes. Finn returns to his studio to find a strange bearded man wanting to see him: It is none other than Arthur Lustig. Finn is at first incredulous, but then he becomes uncomfortable with the old man's presence and implies that he should leave. As Lustig is walking out the door, he hints to Finn that he knows what Finn wants. Finn thus accompanies Lustig to the subway station, since Lustig has a plane to catch from the John F. Kennedy International Airport for Paris. While they are waiting for a train, Lustig sees some unsavory acquaintances on the opposite platform. Finn and Lustig outmaneuver them and get on a train. They think they are safe, but as the train is in motion one of the old men comes through the car and brutally stabs Lustig in the side, stepping off the train at the next stop. As Lustig bleeds to death in Finn's arms, he reveals that he has been Finn's benefactor in return for the kindness Finn showed him as a child. Devastated, Finn detaches himself from everything and goes to Paris to study art. He becomes successful in his own right, and eventually returns to Florida to visit his Uncle Joe and reconciles with him. Ms. Dinsmoor has since died, but he decides to visit her house anyway. As he is sitting in the garden, he thinks he sees the apparition of Estella as a child. He follows the little girl through to the back dock where he finds the child's mother, who turns out to be Estella, who has since divorced, and whose life has gone downhill. She admits that she has often thought of him, and asks for his forgiveness for her past cruelty. Finn forgives her completely, and the movie ends with them holding hands and looking out over the sea."
9771.0	1.0	The story revolves around University students and roommates Mia  and Alice , each of whom is experiencing various upheavals. Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate. Danni , Mia's girlfriend is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment. Mia, obsessed with her favourite lecturer becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department. She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor . To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. Danni herself is pursuing another love interest, in part to get back at Mia. Alice, a habitual perfectionist is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior.' She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria. Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible... Ari , a Classics student and part time gigolo. However she is the object of desire of a shy medical student, Michael . As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. Omnia Vincit Amor... Love Conquers All.
8663.0	0.0	Midsummer night, 1894, in northern Sweden. The complex structures of class bind a man and a woman. Miss Julie, the inexperienced but imperious daughter of the manor, deigns to dance at the servants' party. She's also drawn to Jean, a footman who has traveled, speaks well, and doesn't kowtow. He is engaged to Christine, a servant, and while she sleeps, Jean and Miss Julie talk through the night in the kitchen. For part of the night it's a power struggle, for part it's the baring of souls, and by dawn, they want to break the chains of class and leave Sweden together. When Christine wakes and goes off to church, Jean and Miss Julie have their own decisions to make.{{cite web}}
18287.0	0.0	Meera is in a college and pregnant nearing labour. Here Meera tells her story of how she got to this point in a flashback. A young man named Jeeva falls in love with her. She despises him and eventually gets him kicked out of college. After a fight with Jeeva near her house, Meera goes out for a walk and she sees a woman getting killed by a police man. She is terrified and runs to the police station to report the crime; the officer at the station is, shockingly, the murderer. The police officer, now knowing the sole witness to his crime, sends goons to her house to kill her. By then Meera has already left and is on the run. Jeeva goes to Meera's house and finds the maid getting beaten by the goons. There is a fight between Jeeva and the goons. Jeeva wins and the maid tells him he should go after Meera. They are now on the run and the murderer sends six professional killers after the duo. Along the way Meera and Jeeva get arrested by a comedic policemen and later flee. They find a blacksmith and are freed of the handcuffs but are almost killed by the goons in the shootout. Meera leaves Jeeva but has a change of heart and comes back. She finds the goons who have Jeeva, and the goons tie Jeeva and Meera together on train tracks. They narrowly escape. After this event Meera admits her love for Jeeva. After a run-in with the murderer, Meera and Jeeva end up in the ocean and wash up near the house of a boy named Jesu and his grandfather. They seek refuge there and Meera gets close with Jesu. While everyone is getting ready for Jesu's birthday, Jesu's dog runs off into the forest. The goons kill the dog and go after Meera. Meera and Jesu flee on his bike but they fall off and Jesu gets killed. Jeeva takes revenge and kills the goons in gruesome ways. A final showdown occurs between the murderer and Jeeva. The officer gets the upper hand and almost succeeds, but Meera shoots him and Jeeva sets him on fire. The final scene is a group photo with everyone and Meera goes into labour.
20152.0	1.0	A single father balances his work as an attorney with the care of his five year old son and his work as a high school basketball coach in rural Kansas, where he moved after his wife abandoned him in Chicago. Just as he starts to develop a new relationship with a veterinarian's assistant, his ex-wife suddenly reappears and wants to re-assert herself in her husband and son's life. On top of the romantic conflict, he is also suddenly presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to join a major firm in Dallas.
15570.0	0.0	"The film is loosely based on real life ""Phantom Lover"" Dan Cheung, known as such due to the ghostlike  nature of the women he romances. The film is set in China in the 1940s. Song Dan Ping  was an ambitious theatre actor and owner who built his dream magnificent playhouse from where he entertained and dazzled the theatre-loving populace with his adaptation of classics such as Romeo and Juliet and other tragic love stories. His passionate and devoted performances, drew the attention of the beautiful daughter of a corrupt and despotic official named To Wan-Yin . To Wan-Yin would sneak out of her house with her personal maid in the night to watch Dan Ping's play . During the patriarchal era, romance between an actor  and a rich man's daughter was definitely a taboo . Hence after each performance, Dan Ping and Wan-Yin would have a rendezvous at the theatre and their love deepened to the extent that they vowed to run away from the city and to get married elsewhere. However, Wan-Yin was betrothed to a man whom she did not love and was reputed to be cruel and sadistic and this persuaded her to throw caution to the wind and run away from home with Song. It also turned out that Wan-Yin's father arranged the marriage  to benefit himself as he sought to become allies with another official of great influence, whose friendship would help to improve his social standing. As fate dictated, the eloping couple was caught before the plan came to fruition and Wan-Yin's maid, who had assisted the eloping couple in their attempt to escape, was brutally beaten until she was crippled. Meanwhile, Wan-Yin was locked up in the house by her father to prevent her from eloping. This did not end the couple's tragic fate. Wan-Yin's fiance had arranged his men to harm Dan Ping. After disfiguring Dan Ping's face with burning acid, they set the theatre ablaze with Dan Ping and many other innocent people in it. After Wan-Yin came to know about the fire and Dan Ping's disappearance, she resigned to fate and married her fiance. On her wedding night, Wan-Yin's husband found out that she was not a virgin . Wan-Yin was then abused and eventually drove out of the house and was forced to lead a wandering life with her crippled maid. Wan-Yin soon lost all her senses as her longing for Dan Ping drove her crazy. Many years later, a group of performing arts students traveled from Beijing to perform in the city where Song Dan Ping had performed, eager to adapt his exploits and to improvise on his legendary performances. They came to the theatre hall, with its outer foundations still intact but with the internal sections terribly destroyed, and made their temporary quarters there. Many people believed Song to have perished in the fire but he was indeed still living as the students made their home in his theatre. Song, however, was badly scarred in the face and was never to reveal his once-handsome face to the outside world and earned the nickname 'The Phantom lover' by his once-loving audience. His personality was also changed as he was severely depressed and morose after the tragic incidents and had lived the life of a hermit ever since. When the students arrived at the theatre, he was slightly encouraged to reveal himself when one of the more talented students tried unsuccessfully to sing his ultimate love serenade whom he dedicated to Wan-Yin. Song later lashed out at the students' incompetence when he could no longer bear such disparaging performances of his efforts and decided to reveal himself and his scarred face to them. When the officials heard that the students tried to popularise Song in their theatre performances and reenact his glorious days, they came to arrest the students. Little did they know their evil deeds were exposed to the public who came for the performances. One by one, the accomplices to the plot to burn down the theatre were forced to confess in detail, to their crimes. Justice was finally achieved but only as a hollow victory on Song's part. In the closing moments, Song was seen holding his lover's hands. Wan-Yin had since become an invalid, and she had also become blind as a result of her ex-husband shooting her. She recognized Song, but lamented that she could not see him - a blessing for him, since she couldn't see how ugly his face had become. The two lovers finally departed the town in a coach, together at last. An epilogue reveals that Wan-Yin died a year later—probably due to the shooting injuries—and that Song never loved another woman in his lifetime."
27406.0	0.0	"Basil  is a young British aristocrat who grew up on the country estate of Windermere Hall. His father, Frederick , is a traditionalist who believes that there are things people of their class should never do. One of those things is romancing the women of lower classes, and Frederick threatens Basil with disinheriting him if he ever succumbs to the temptation. Young Basil is, however, of a rebellious nature and, during his studies, he befriends a commoner named John Mannion . Mannion introduces the young aristocrat to Julia Sherwin , the beautiful daughter of a local merchant. Basil falls in love and marries the girl, only to realize that she was sleeping with John and was pregnant with his child. Basil attacks John in an alley and stomps his face in when he realizes what John was up to. Later he delivers Julia's child and hears John coming up the stairs. He hides and sees him with a mask covering his face. Julia tries to lift it, and John says, ""Remember as I was, not what I am now"". She dies in his arms after telling him the child is his, not Basil's. All john wants is to take the child and leave. Basil hears and chases John with a knife. They fight and Basil pulls down John's mask. He gasps when he sees his face. It is very scarred and mutilated. John has chosen not to see his face but he sees it in the reflection of the knife he is holding. He goes to a nearby cliff and commits suicide because of his ruined face. Basil takes the newborn child and escapes to Ireland. He names her Clara, after the orphaned cousin he was raised with. He goes back to England and meets the original Clara. She takes his daughter for tea and tells him to say hello to his father. His father explains that he disowned Basil and his brother because they reminded him of himself and his own weaknesses. He betrayed his wife when she was ill because she could not be intimate with him. He regrets what he did, because he loved Basil's mother deeply. Basil and his father reconcile and the film ends."
2557.0	1.0	"EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person's life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray's actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying ""Ray was a bad lay."" Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill's house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill's cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed's father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed's mother was having an affair with Ed's current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed's mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women's bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of ""dirt"" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show."
37267.0	0.0	"Paul Matthews  is a lonely biochemist with a crush on his unavailable co-worker, biologist Diane Farrow . His friends take him to a gypsy on 34th and Vine named Madame Ruth . After reading his palm and seeing absolutely no romance in his life, Ruth gives him a small amount Love Potion No. 8 on a piece of paper. As a scientist, Paul has doubts, and ends up throwing it in the trash when he gets home. Around this time, Paul's friends buy him the services of Marisa but all they do is talk. His cat gets into the trash and eats some of the potion; then it meows and attracts all the other cats in the neighborhood. When Paul sees the results, he takes it to Diane, and they find out the ""scientific"" properties of it. After analyzing it, they decide to use themselves as human test subjects. Diane ends up attracting an Italian car mogul and the prince of England, ending up getting a makeover in the process, while Paul has a string of hookups with women in bars, supermarkets, cars, and sorority houses. Paul and Diane realize their romantic attraction to each other and become involved. Eventually, Paul plans a proposal to Diane; however, when he comes by her house to do so, she has fallen into the arms of Gary, whom was originally only using her for sex, since she's under the influence of the potion. Paul gathers his friends and tells them about the potion, which causes them to laugh in his face. Marisa arrives at the house and uses the potion  and uses it on Paul and his friends, proving the power of the potion. By this time, Diane and Gary are getting married. Paul goes back to Madame Ruth, who gives him Love Potion No. 9, which will purify Diane and Paul's love forever . Paul and friends coerce the matron of honor at Diane's wedding to help them, and Diane ends up running out of the wedding into Paul's arms."
34733.0	0.0	"The story concerns the tribulations of Martin , a blind photographer. Through a series of flashbacks, Martin is shown as a child, distrustful of his own mother, as she describes to him the garden outside his bedroom window. She tells him that someone is raking leaves, but he can't hear the sound and angrily decides she is lying to him. This childhood experience strongly affects Martin as an adult, as he anticipates that sighted people will take advantage of his blindness to lie to him, or worse yet, pity him. He has become a resentful, vaguely bitter person who spends his days taking photographs of the world around him, then having various people describe them. He uses these photographs and the Braille descriptions he stamps on them as ""proof"" that the world around him really is as others describe it to him. He also takes secret pleasure in rebuking the romantic advances of Celia , his housekeeper. Celia harbors a deep-seated and possibly obsessive crush on Martin, as evidenced by the scores of photographs of him adorning the walls of her flat, and takes out her frustration at her unrequited love by tormenting Martin in small ways, such as rearranging the furniture in his house. Martin keeps Celia around because her love and hatred of him means he knows she can't pity him. One day, Martin encounters Andy , and is pleased with the depth and detail with which Andy describes his photos. The two become fast friends, and Martin soon comes to trust him implicitly. The jealous Celia is threatened by Andy's increasing presence in Martin's life. She seduces Andy, and when Martin catches the two in the act, Andy reluctantly lies to him about it. Celia recognizes this opportunity to foil Martin yet again, and sets up a series of events leading Martin to discover Andy's dishonesty. Martin, devastated, is plunged into a deep despair, and breaks off his friendship with Andy. Andy later confronts him, and tries to convince him that everyone has flaws, and shouldn't be judged on such simple terms. ""People lie,"" he tells Martin, ""but not all the time. And that's the point."" Martin doesn't respond, but is swayed by Andy's impassioned words. Near the story's conclusion, Martin decides to fire Celia, but acknowledges his own role in purposely antagonizing her in their love-hate relationship. Despite his openness she is angry that her efforts have gone to waste, and when asked to return her key to Martin's house, she throws it in the sink. Finally, Martin asks Andy to describe one last photo for him, one he has kept locked away for years. Andy does so, knowing nothing of its significance. It is a photo of the garden from Martin's childhood, taken moments after his mother described it on that fateful day. Andy's detailed description includes the iconic man raking leaves Martin's mother had told him about, that he had rejected for all these years. This revelation provides Martin with his proof, and a much-needed emotional release."
136.0	0.0	"Charlie Tuttle  is a partner in a successful law firm, Whitfield and Morris. His boss &mdash; and future father-in-law &mdash; sends him to Paradise Bluff, Nevada, to request a continuance in a mail-fraud case involving a distant relative who is believed to be guilty, and is very likely to be adjudged guilty. But the timing of the trip conflicts with Charlie's bachelor party. After Charlie drives from California to Paradise Bluff, he is unexpectedly greeted by his best man, actor Richard Rjetti,  who is determined to show his friend a great time prior to his wedding. During the celebration, Charlie is knocked out in a barfight, and is later prescribed painkillers for the resulting pain. The next day &mdash; the day of the court appearance &mdash; Richard checks on his friend and finds Charlie has taken all of the pills in the bottle. Charlie winds up in no shape to appear in court that day, as legal counsel for con-artist Benny Gibbs , so Richard impersonates Charlie. When the case unexpectedly goes to trial, Richard and Charlie must continue the charade, or they both will go to prison for perpetrating and conspiring to perpetrate a fraud upon the court. Charlie coaches Richard as to the use of the rules of evidence, masquerading as Richard's ""assistant"", surreptitiously using flash cards to tell Richard which basis for objection to use. Charlie eventually loses it and screams at the judge,  trying to overrule Charlie, when Richard disobeys Charlie and takes the ""defense"" in a broader direction, and Charlie is banned from reentering the courthouse. Later, Richard and Charlie devise a communication system involving a baby monitor and morse-code sounding of Charlie's vehicle's horn, heard through an open window, to instruct Richard as to which type of objection to use. Meanwhile, Charlie meets and falls in love with an attractive waitress  who causes Charlie to rethink his impending wedding to his shrill, self-absorbed fiancée . Richard becomes involved with the prosecutor,  against whom he ultimately finds due process for ""his"" client."
25697.0	1.0	"Tomás  returns to Mexico after a seven-year trip around the world to visit his friends Carlos  and Ana , a couple going through relationship problems. Ana is seduced by Tomás, who is also her ex-boyfriend, which causes Carlos to kick Tomás out of their home. Although instead of Tomás leaving, Ana leaves and moves across the street to the apartment of their friends Miguel  and Andrea , another couple going through problems. The situation becomes a battle of the sexes when Miguel is kicked-out for cheating on Andrea and sent to live with the ""guys"" across the street and María , their friend, joins the ""girls"" in a boycott against all men. Tomas then has a fling with Andrea and gets caught in the act. After seeing the emptiness of his life, punctuated with him making a scene at a local nightclub, Tomas declares his love for Ana before apparently committing suicide by walking into an elevator shaft. In the Region 4 DVD version, several alternate final scenes are explored, including Tomas surviving the fall and emerging in a full body cast."
26047.0	1.0	Sandhya is in search of her prince charming and when Gopi comes to know about this he pretends to be a rich prince and Sandhya starts dating him. But soon she comes to know that Gopi is a poor man but nevertheless they start loving each other. Meanwhile Gopi's friend request Gopi to become an Aunty for a big favour. He does so with hilarious results, as two men  start loving him. What will he do now?
2127.0	0.0	Three prisoners escape from a chain gang, and two of them, Wayne and Harry  run away to Happy, Texas, where they pose as the gay organizers of a beauty pageant. They put on a show with the small girls of the town while hiding from the law and waiting for the opportunity to rob the local bank. Their scheme is complicated by the fact that the local sheriff  is gay, and, believing that Wayne and Harry are also gay, he is attracted to Harry.
27468.0	0.0	Dylan  and Jez  are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home. In pursuit of this dream they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches. During one of their biggest cons, their lives are touched by Georgie , who needs money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother attends. When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves in gaol to be released only after their entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50 notes. It is down to an elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez and  Georgie, to break them out of gaol in order to save their dream. The film, in essence, is part Ealing comedy, part underdog farce with a sequence of madcap adventures set against a striking soundtrack by contemporary Britpop artists. Unlike straight rom-coms or mainstream comedies of the period Shooting Fish contained a generous blending of fact and fantasy .
42179.0	1.0	A daytime soap opera star has to deal with his sexist ideas when he falls for his new co-star, a woman who seemingly follows his manly ideas about dating.
12588.0	0.0	"Wan Tin-Sau  is an actor who cannot seem to catch a break, since his only professional jobs are limited to being a movie extra and is often tormented on stage. As well as being an actor, he is also the head of his village's community centre. One day a group of club girls come to ask Wan to help them act like innocent schoolgirls so they can make more money. One of the girls, Lau Piu-Piu , although a little hardy at first due to how she was first forced into becoming a call girl due to her ex-boyfriend  to make ends meet, becomes a better actress through Wan's instruction and falls in love with him. When both characters finally make love, Wan searches his home for enough money to pay Piu-piu for her ""services"", since he thinks she slept with him for money . After Piu-piu leaves him in anger, he goes back to the film studio where he always harasses crew members for a role, and finally hits the big time, receiving a part as Leading actor next to a legendary actress, Sister Cuckoo . During this time, Wan reconciles with Piu-piu and he pledges to support her for the rest of his life. Just as Wan is about to settle in the life of a movie star, his dreams of grandeur are crushed when his part is given to a highly sought after male lead. Luckily, he regains his confidence with the help of the misanthropic lunchman at the studio , who is secretly a C.I.B. agent. Wan is used in an undercover operation, where he is disguised as a delivery boy and made to deliver a hidden gun and listening device inside Take-out food. Although the ruse is discovered and the C.I.B. undercover agent is shot, Wan takes up the gun and saves the day. The lunchman is rushed to the hospital and survives his wounds. After a somewhat successful sting, Wan finally becomes famous through a performance of the ""Thunder Storm"". The actors include Piu-piu, Sister Cuckoo, and his wanna-be Triad students. The end of the film involves a blatant marketing plug for Pringles brand potato chips. The entire cast of the play stands backstage rehearsing their lines while literally stuffing their mouths full of Pringles, with the logos of all five cans clearly facing towards the camera. At one point, Wan and one of his triad students argues over who should play the role of Bruce Lee's character, when another actor screams ""don't fight, eat chips!"" When the closing credits role, a quick Pringles advertisement appears on the screen."
24741.0	0.0	Martha Horgan  struggles to have a normal life in spite of being mentally challenged. She is fired from a job at the local dry-cleaner's after accusations of stealing from the cash register, something she believes the boyfriend of her work colleague Birdie  has been doing. Depressed, she returns to the home of Aunt Frances  and discovers that a handyman , looking for work in any capacity, has been hired to fix the porch of the main house before the residence hosts a gala event for a local politician. The politician's wife  has damaged the porch by driving a car into it, irate over her husband's affair with Frances. Mackey, the handyman, is kind to Martha, offering her a ride into town as well as defending her from Birdie's boyfriend Getso , a bully who insults her, by breaking the windshield on Getso's van. Martha becomes increasingly fond of Mackey as time goes on. Mack recognizes Martha's feelings but he honorably abstains from engaging in sexual intercourse. One night, however, Mack returns to Martha's home drunk, lets himself in and proceeds to initiate coitus with a more than willing Martha on her couch. He later sleeps with Martha's aunt, who is drunk and despondent following the gala, during which her love interest, the local politician, reconciles and leaves with his ex-wife. Mack leaves as soon as the porch job is done, feeling guilt of being unfaithful to Martha. Still desperate to clear her name at work, Martha proceeds alone to enter the home of Birdie, her former co-worker. Getso is there. He confronts Martha and attempts to shoo her away before he calls the police. Martha feels cornered and stabs Getso to death with a sandwich knife.
2349.0	1.0	Gwyn Marcus  has always wanted a marriage like her parents. She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt , but she has some misgivings about their future together. Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having. With her sister Leslie  getting married and her brother Jordan  already married, her mother  is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last single person in the family. But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family
8287.0	1.0	"The film begins as Marcus Graham  enters Chantress, the company that he works for as an advertisement executive. It is quickly established that he is quite the ladies' man, as he tells his assistant to send flowers to nine different women, with cards reading ""only thinking of you."" When he enters his office, Nelson , one of the creative minds also in Marcus' department, shows Marcus a re-cut he's done of one of the ads they've been working on. Marcus tells Nelson, who's very creative but also very risqué and overtly sexual with his style, that he must re-edit the ad, as some of the material may be offensive to women. Nelson reluctantly agrees, then leaves. The next day, Marcus meets Lady Eloise , the head of the company which will soon be acquiring Chantress in a business merger. She suggests that Marcus may be promoted to head of the marketing department, and invites him to her home for dinner that evening. Marcus realizes she intends to have her way with him, and thinking of the promotion, goes through with it and spends the night with her. The next day at work, he meets Jacqueline Broyer , a beautiful woman who tells Marcus that Lady Eloise has had no position in the company for a number of years, but uses her image to her advantage. Marcus realizes that Jacqueline is going to be given the job he wanted, and will soon become his boss. At the party being held for the companies' merger, Marcus tells his friends Tyler  and Gerard  he's thinking about resigning since he's not going to be promoted. While there, Jacqueline introduces him to Angela Lewis , who works in the art department, and tells him the two of them should be working together. Also, everyone in the party is introduced to Strangé , the wild fashion diva who's been chosen as the new face of Lady Eloise Cosmetics. While looking for Jacqueline, Marcus bumps into Angela, and when he spots Jacqueline, introduces Angela to Gerard so that he can go and catch up with her. When he attempts to woo Jacqueline, she tells him she doesn't date co-workers. Marcus however still believes he will be made the exception because of her flirtatious nature towards him. Some time later at the office, Jacqueline tells Marcus they should go over some of their work together, and Marcus suggests they do it at his place over dinner, to which Jacqueline agrees. Marcus also finds out that Angela and Gerard will be going out that night. Both couples meet that evening, and ironically, Gerard, who's not as successful with women as Marcus, ends up having the better evening with Angela, while Jacqueline and Marcus eat dinner in front of the TV, which doesn't leave much time for the two to establish any sort of chemistry. Later, the two are sent on a business trip in New Orleans, and they eventually have sex while there. Marcus, who assumes that he and Jacqueline are now a couple, is rather shocked to find that Jacqueline feels they should take it slowly, and isn't as enthusiastic about their relationship as he is. While he feels he's falling in love, he doesn't understand how she can be so careless and inconsiderate about his feelings. After Marcus finds out that Jacqueline has told some of their personal business to Strangé, he tells her that the two of them should take a break for a while. Jacqueline gets the last word however, when she bluntly tells Marcus ""it's over."" Distraught about their breakup, Marcus' work ethic begins to lag, and after he ruins a major business proposal , Jacqueline decides rather than fire him, she'll give him a few weeks off work to get himself together. During this time, Marcus begins to hang out with Angela, who tries to help bring him out of the funk he's in. On Thanksgiving, Marcus, Angela, Tyler, Gerard and his parents get together for dinner. While eating, Angela and Gerard tell his parents that they aren't a couple, when his father assumes that the two are. When everyone else leaves, Marcus and Angela clean up, and fall asleep on the couch together. When they wake up, the two begin to make out, and assumedly sleep together. While out with Gerard and Tyler, Marcus tells Gerard that he and Angela are going out together, which upsets Gerard, knowing Marcus' past with women. Marcus, now much more relaxed and confident, becomes very attractive to Jacqueline again, and as he hadn't put away his feelings for her, the two end up sleeping together again one night. The next day, Angela confronts Marcus about his whereabouts the night before, knowing he was with Jacqueline. Upset by how Marcus makes himself out to be the victim, Angela angrily leaves. Marcus tries to go back to Jacqueline, then realizes his feelings for her aren't the same as his love for Angela. Later, Marcus talks to Gerard, and Gerard tells him that Angela got a promotion at a new company she's working for. Marcus apologizes to Gerard, and the two make up for the argument they had before. He then goes to Angela's new job, and though at first she is very cold towards him, she finally forgives him, and the two get back together."
19870.0	0.0	Sakthi is a spoiled rich kid, with his mother Sachu & grandfather Kaka Radhakrishnan constantly doting on him with cash and gifts. His father, Vinu Chakravarthi is worried that he has such a good-for-nothing son. As fate always has it, Sakthi falls head over heels in love with Indhu .Sakthivel’s uncle, Kundalakesi , aids Sakthi in the cause of declaring his love to Indhu. In the meantime, Vinu Chakravarthi meets his long-lost friend Jayaganesh and they agree on a marriage proposal for their children. Sakthi,  does not realize that Indhu is indeed Jayaganesh’s daughter, gets his cousin Mathi ([[Vivek  and Kundalakesi to misbehave and create a fight during the engagement. Eventually the truth is revealed, Indhu gets furious. Sakthi see a girl called Latha  committing suicide. Inspector  wrongly thinks them as married couple and tries them to marry each other but sakthi escapes. Sakthi mistakenly hurted another girl  whose father , also thinks him to be her husband.Sakthi's cousin, Mathi works as a henpecked husband to a rich and arrogant wife  and lies to her that vichithra is sakthi's husband. atlast sakthi is going to marry indhu, but persons who is known to three girls come and misbehave. three girls explains the situations and make them understand what happened.sakthi and indhu get married.
6759.0	0.0	Chandni , a lower class talented night club singer and dancer, who happens to be religious, and well mannered, lives an unfortunate life with her three aunts, who dominate her life, and with a weak maternal grandmother. She dances for a living because it is the only way she can support her poor family and she hopes to give her nieces an education. One night while singing, she meets Rahul , a young wealthy womanizer, and falls in love with him. Rahul feels attracted to her but he does not take her seriously. He intends to treat her just like any of his other girlfriends, and only wants to have a short affair. They get into fights all the time, only to become friends again. In one scene, she rejects his gift, which was a reparation for trying to kiss her. She feels as if he keeps following her. Later on, she is stuck alone in London, being chased by an old Indian pervert who tricked her into getting in to his car since she was stuck outside the Indian embassy. She runs out of the car after the old man tries molesting her and is coincidentally saved by Rahul. Rahul invites her to stay at his rather luxurious hotel. One day, however, his Dadaji , mentions that he wants to see Rahul married to Chandni. In order to fool him, Rahul asks Chandni to pretend to be his wife, which she accepts. After Dadaji leaves, Rahul and Chandni have a big fight, where Rahul slaps Chandni, and both decide to go their separate ways . However, Rahul realizes that he has fallen in love with her. He follows her back to India from London. He goes to her home and asks to speak to her, but she refuses to listen to him. So he yells out his apologies in front of her house and states that he loves her, while a crowd gathers. His ex-friend arrives there with a gang and they get into a fight. When Rahul is almost about to murder his ex friend, Chandni comes out and tells him to not ruin his life by killing Harry. Rahul then proposes to her, and Chandni wants to accept, except that she had previously promised her cold-blooded manager that she would move to another city and open a bar with him. The manager feels as if he has witnessed true love and kindly lets Chandni go. Chandni then accepts Rahul's proposal and the movie ends with them embracing each other.
18021.0	1.0	The film is set in early 20th century, in France. A young widow renews her love with a man until she discovers that he had a past relationship with one of her new employees, who is a nanny. This makes the two women accuse each other for particular reasons until the end of the movie.
25528.0	0.0	"Gaurav  lives a wealthy lifestyle, gets everything he wants except the love of his parents and family. Even though he lives with his parents, they love his elder brother Narendra  more. Narendra is often pronounced by the name of ""Hero"" by his parents, and goes abroad for his job once a while. When Hero comes back home for a holiday, he goes to a Funfair with his family, and witnesses a little girl who is stuck on top of a Ferris wheel, and when Hero gets the chance, he climbs up and rescues her. By the time he jumps off, it is already on fire, which causes it to explode, and blows Hero off with it as well. The whole family is devastated by Hero's death, and since he was the only one who made a name for his family, Gaurav finally feals pity and joins the army to prove to his father that he is worthy to be the Hero's younger brother. While on duty, Gaurav explores that Angara and General  are about to plant a bomb through the whole of India, and that would just not mean for his parents and friends to die, but also his loving girlfriend, Sanam ."
29184.0	0.0	"The movie revolves around Hung Hei-Kwun, who arrives in his village after a raid by government soldiers, only to find his whole village destroyed. Hung Hei-Kwun quickly finds his infant son and gives him a choice between death and joining him in the rebellion. Upon leaving his village he is encountered by Ma Ling-Yee who is also supposed to be involved in the rebellion but learns that Ling-Yee had betrayed him and their village for the bounty on Hei-Kwun's head. After an epic battle, we skip ahead several years, and arrive with Hung Hei-Kwun and his now martial arts skilled son making their way through China in order to find money for food. At this time, the film introduces ""Red Bean"", who is in the process of swindling a very rich man out of his money. Kwun tries to leave his son in the care of his brother, but is betrayed, forcing him to kill his brother. At the same time the government has begun to crack down on Shaolin. Pieces of a map are tattooed onto the backs of several pupils, who are then removed from the temple in order to keep safe the Ming Dynasty treasure the map leads to. Unfortunately years ago Hung Hei-Kwun's encounter with the money hungry Ma Ling-Yee did not end as Hung thought it did. Ma Ling-Yee survived the fight as a result of being dipped in poison in the last battle and restored by The Monk of the West District in the process. Now a disgusting creature, he is after the map tattooed on the backside of the Shaolin pupils, unfortunately a swindling rich man is the father of one of the pupils. In attempts to protect his son from the government from knowing his son is a shaolin pupil, he hires Hung Hei-Kwun as a bodyguard. This leads to the rekindling of the conflict between the monster Ma Ling-Yee  and Hung Hei-Kwun."
12988.0	0.0	Based on the novel of the same name by Alan Marshall, the film is set in the early 1900s in the Outback, centering around a young Alan Marshall and the people in his town. Crippled by polio, Alan tries to make sense of his place in a world where a man's physical prowess gains the admiration of women and the envy of his peers, as demonstrated by the horsebreaker East Driscoll, portrayed by Russell Crowe. Charlotte Rampling also stars as an English lady, Grace McAlister, who has moved to the area with her husband. Complications arise as an attraction develops between East and Grace and young Alan deals with the complexities of growing up.
33890.0	1.0	Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity.
5461.0	0.0	"Sonora Webster is a stubborn orphan who lives with her aunt during the Depression. She has a love of horses, and one day before school, loses a bet that hers can jump a fence. It breaks and the cows get out, forcing her to be late. After she is given detention, her aunt tells her that because of her behavior and the family's financial difficulties, she is going to be put into an orphanage. Instead, she slips out of the house during the night. Sonora ends up at a county fair and sees Marie perform as a diving girl. A diving girl jumps onto a horse as it runs up a steep platform just before it leaps off into a pool of water. She then informs Doc Carver that she is his new diving girl. He informs her that she is too young, her body isn't developed enough, and tells her she should go back home. She stubbornly twists her arms and legs around a chair to show him she won't leave until he gives her the job. Instead, he just places her and the chair outside of his tent. Ending up in the stable with the horses, Doc sees how talented Sonora is with them and decides to give her a job as a stablehand. She then begins traveling with them, bonding with his son Al and even Doc himself. Al wins a wild horse in a game of cards, and he says that if she can tame it, he believes his father will give her a chance to train as a diving girl. She surprises him one day by riding up on it and he promises she can train to be a diving girl if she can mount it while it's moving. After multiple attempts, she finally succeeds and Doc keeps his promise, much to the chagrin of Marie. She and the wild horse, Lightning, develop a special bond which proves important later in the film. One day, Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform. Thus, Sonora becomes the diving girl, even though the swimsuits don't fit her. Although she has never actually dived with Lightning into the pool of water, Sonora is successful at her first jump. Marie is so jealous that she makes unreasonable demands of Doc to ensure her stardom status, and after he refuses them, she quits the show rather than share billing with Sonora. Al and his father have always had a difficult relationship, which isn't helped by his burgeoning romance with Sonora, and one day he leaves after having a particularly bad fight with him. He and Sonora have almost shared their first kiss, and he promises to write her. Again, he keeps his promise, but Doc, protective of Sonora, hides Al's letters from her. Doc and the new stablehand Clifford  leave the farm in search of work, and that night Lightning falls ill. Sonora spends the night worrying over him and is awakened by Al, who has returned and discovers that Lightning ate some moldy hay and has developed colic. Al and Sonora work together to heal Lightning and are walking him when Doc and Clifford return with the news there is no more work to be had and announcing that the show is over. Al asks Sonora why she never wrote him, and she tells him that she never received any letters from him. Both confused over the missing letters. It is then learned that Al arranged a six month contract with the Steel Pier in Atlantic City to perform the show and it's come through. The good news seems to patch up old differences between Doc and Al. Just as everyone seems to be getting along, Doc passes away en route to Atlantic City, apparently from a heart attack. Al takes over his father's role as a show presenter. On Al's first day, he is extremely nervous, so Sonora finds Doc's famous fringed jacket to give Al confidence. In it she also finds one of Al's old letters, confessing his love for her. When Sonora finds Al, she lets him know she feels the same. Meanwhile, Clifford has acquired a rusted-out motorcycle from a friend in Atlantic City and plans to refurbish it to working status; Sonora is unimpressed and laughs at the notion. Al and Sonora perform at Atlantic City in front of their largest audience. Everyone is nervous and excited. As she is climbing the ladder, he proposes to her. She accepts and gets ready to do the jump. The horse, a jittery stallion who is not her usual partner Lightning, is anxious because of all the noise from the band and the crowd, and just before the jump a cymbal crashes loudly, which causes him to falter and trip. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al and won't seek medical attention for the condition. The next day when she wakes up, Sonora discovers she can't see. The doctor diagnoses detached retinas in both her eyes due to uncontrolled hemorrhaging behind them  and tells her the condition is permanent and she will be blind for the rest of her life. In order to avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, and calls Marie, who returns to be it. Clifford has been working on his ""new"" motorcycle and gets it back in working condition. He demonstrates his new act for a small crowd including Al and Sonora—it is an enormous metal ball in which he rides around inside on the motorcycle, doing loop after loop. The crowd is amazed and he is pleased with his new ""death-defying"" act. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly, and feels utterly helpless and like a burden to Al. She tells him of her desires to dive again, and indicates her unique bond with Lightning as evidence that she could do it again as she knows him so well. She and Al work together to try to train her to mount him again, much the same way she and Doc once worked together earlier to train her to do so in motion. She is stubborn and refuses to give up, but Al forces her to accept the fact that it is impossible. She spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with the help of Clifford, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora climbs the platform. Though Al is scared for her and shouts at her to come back down, the crowd doesn't know she's blind, and she uses her other senses to have a very successful jump. She is again the diving girl, and her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for 11 more years. She and Al get married and live happily ever after."
27827.0	0.0	"One night, Lucy  gets a taxi to the home of author Harry Block . She has just read Harry's latest novel. In the novel, the character Leslie  is having an affair with her sister's husband Ken . Lucy is angry because the novel is patently based on her and Harry's own affair; as a result, everyone knows about it. Lucy pulls a gun out of her purse, saying she will kill herself. She then turns the gun on Harry and begins firing. She chases him out onto the roof. Harry insists that he has already been punished: his latest girlfriend Fay  has left him for his best friend Larry . To distract Lucy, Harry tells her a story he is currently writing: a semi-autobiographical story of a sex-obsessed young man named Harvey  who is mistakenly claimed by Death. In therapy, Harry realizes he has not changed since he was a sex-obsessed youth. Harry discusses the honoring ceremony at his old university, taking place the next day; he is particularly unhappy that he has nobody to share the occasion with. After the session, Harry asks his ex-wife Joan  if he can take their son Hilliard  to the ceremony. She refuses, stating that Harry is a bad influence on Hilliard. She is also furious at Harry for the novel he wrote. In it, the character Epstein  marries Helen , but the marriage begins to crumble after the birth of their son. Harry runs into an acquaintance, Richard , who is worried about his health. After accompanying Richard to the hospital, Harry asks him to come to the university ceremony. Richard appears uninterested. Harry then goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Fay, who reveals that she is now engaged. Harry begs Fay to get back together with him. He asks Fay to accompany him to his ceremony, but it clashes with Fay's wedding, scheduled the following day. That night, Harry sleeps with a prostitute, Cookie . Harry then asks Cookie to accompany him to his ceremony. In the morning, Richard unexpectedly arrives to join Harry and Cookie on the journey. On a whim, Harry decides to ""kidnap"" his son Hilliard. Along the way, they stop at a carnival, then at Harry's half-sister Doris's . Doris, a devoted Jew, is upset by Harry's portrayals of Judaism in his stories, as is her husband . During the journey, Harry also encounters his fictional creations Ken and Helen, who force him to confront some painful truths about his life. Just before arriving at the university, Richard dies peacefully in the car. Distressed, Harry literally slides out of focus, becoming blurred like one of his own fictional characters. Cookie helps him restore focus. The university's staffers gush over Harry, asking what he plans to write next. He describes a story about a man  who journeys down to Hell to reclaim his true love  from the Devil . Harry and the Devil engage in a verbal duel as to who is truly the most evil of the two. Harry gets as far as arguing that he is a kidnapper before the story is interrupted by the arrival of the police. Harry is arrested for kidnapping Hilliard, for possessing a gun , and for having drugs in the car . Larry and Fay come from their wedding to bail Harry out of jail. Harry reluctantly gives them his blessings. Back at his apartment, a miserable Harry fantasizes that the university's ceremony is taking place. Harry realizes that he can only function in art, not in life. The film ends with Harry returning to his writing."
17097.0	1.0	Greg  is nearing the end of his high school days as graduation slowly approaches. He is also anxiously awaiting prom and has the hopes of going with Cinny , the school's local beauty. Along with these wants, Greg is also an avid daydreamer and daydreams  over everything from being a great lover to a great student. Since he is about to graduate his mother and a teacher encourage him to apply for college. He finally realizes asking for help with the college applications is a great way for him to get in good with Cinny. So they slowly start a friendship but Greg's wants it to blossom into a romance so he begins to lie about things. Things go smoothly and are believable until they fall apart one day. Afterward, Greg realizes he needs to stop daydreaming  and focus.
2797.0	1.0	Rose Morgan, a shy, plain, middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, shares a home with her vain, overbearing mother Hannah. Her attractive sister Claire starts preparations for her second wedding to Alex , who used to date Rose, so she begins to feel her loveless life is empty. Gregory Larkin, a Columbia Mathematics teacher who feels sex complicates matters between men and women, since he seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused. After his last girlfriend dumps him after one last night stand before she gets married, based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service, he decides to look for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical and places an ad in a newspaper. Claire reads the ad and answers on behalf of Rose. Gregory is intrigued when Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature at Columbia, so he drops in in Rose's lecture about chaste love in literature, missing entirely the point she was making. After a series of mishaps they begin dating and he is impressed by her wit and knowledge and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms which usually drive people crazy. She is also fascinated by the dashing math professor and even helps him improve in his teaching techniques. He proposes marriage, with the condition it will be largely platonic, with rare sex only if she needs it. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with her mother seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions, so Rose accepts. Rose's attraction to Gregory grows, and one night she attempts to seduce him, much to his annoyance. He had hoped that by then she had given up on the idea of sex, though he admits he initially raised its possibility. He abruptly breaks off their attempt at physical intimacy when he finds himself becoming truly aroused and fears that it will change the safe, comfortable feelings he feels towards Rose. When Gregory departs on a lengthy lecture tour, Rose embarks on a crash course in self-improvement: she diets, exercises, changes her hairstyle, learns to use makeup, and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe. When her husband returns he finds a very different woman waiting for him and is too startled to express his feelings before she admits that she made a mistake accepting their passionless marriage, and leaves him. All the while Rose realizes that everyone, including herself, is behaving differently now towards her improved-self, though not always to her liking. Gregory and Rose realize their mutual love has been hindered not by Rose's appearance, but by Gregory's unusual theories on marriage and sex, and finally recognize their deep affection.
5595.0	1.0	Kunjunni, a blacksmith saves an orphan named Maya from her rival. Soon they falls in love with each other.
15962.0	1.0	Anand  and Amrita  are lovers. Amrita hails from Punjab while Anand is a Tamilian. In order to seek the approval of Amrita's parents for their marriage, Anand goes to Amrita's home in Punjab. But before they can unite, Amrita and her family die in a freak accident. Unable to bear the separation, Anand goes into depression. His friends take him to Chennai with the hope that he will start life afresh. But there, life throws a googly at him when he sees Sharada , Amrita's look-alike. After the initial hiccups, Anand and Sharada fall in love with each other and decide to get married. But at this point, Anand learns that Shekar, Sharada's old lover, is still waiting for her. How is Anand going to handle this strange game of fate?
27442.0	0.0	"Michael J. ""Jay"" Cochran is a retiring U.S. Navy aviator who, after 12 years in the service, wants to relax and live one day at a time. He goes to Mexico, accepting a matched pair of Beretta shotguns and an invitation from his wealthy friend Tiburon ""Tibby"" Mendez to spend time at his hacienda in Mexico. Tibby is a powerful crime boss, constantly surrounded by bodyguards. While trying to find the hacienda, Cochran meets a beautiful young woman riding a horse. She is Tibby's wife, Miryea, who lives in lavish surroundings but is unhappy because her much-older husband does not want children, feeling pregnancy would spoil her looks. Jay is a welcome guest and presents his friend with a Navy G-1 leather flight jacket. But he rubs Tibby's suspicious right-hand man Cesar the wrong way by behaving independently and not acting like an employee. After a dinner Tibby conducts a private meeting with business associates while Miryea gets acquainted with Jay. She becomes attracted to him. The next day they share a private walk on the beach. During a party, with Tibby and his men nearby, Jay and Miryea secretly make love. Tension grows, as Jay is worried that Tibby will become aware of the situation. Miryea begs Jay not to leave. They arrange a secret rendezvous, Miryea pretending that she will be visiting a friend in Miami when she actually is going to accompany Jay to a remote cabin. Cesar overhears a conversation in which Miryea asks her Miami friend to lie for her. Tibby visits Jay and invites him on a trip to the Beretta factory to custom-fit his new guns, but Jay declines. Tibby tells his friend goodbye. At the airport, Tibby also gives Miryea one last kiss. Jay is secretly waiting to drive her to the cabin. At their hideaway, they are surprised by Tibby and his men. Jay's beloved dog is shot dead. Calling Miryea a ""faithless whore,"" Tibby strikes her and cuts her face with a knife, as Tibby's henchmen viciously beat and kick Jay. After setting fire to the cabin, they dump Jay in the desert, and leave him to die. Miryea is placed in a whorehouse, where she is drugged, abused, and relegated to ""common use."" The young man responsible for keeping her drugged has AIDS. As Miryea no longer wishes to live the life of a common prostitute, she persuades him to share a needle with her, thus infecting her. Jay's unconscious body is discovered by a Mexican Good Samaritan, who slowly nurses him back to health. He returns to the burnt cabin and retrieves some money he had stashed away. His rescuer drives Jay to town and gives him a knife to ""cut the balls off your enemy."" He encounters a Texan delivering a horse, who offers Jay a ride in his car. Inside a cantina, Jay notices one of the thugs who had thrashed him; he follows him into the men's room and cuts his throat. After a day on the road, the Texan, clearly ill, trades his horse to a wealthy man, who recognizes Jay from an afternoon at Tibby's estate. The friendly Texan dies in his car, apparently of tuberculosis. At a motel, Jay runs across Amador, the cousin of the Mexican Good Samaritan who had saved his life. Amador and his quiet friend, Ignacio, have their own issues with Tibby Mendez and are willing to help. They capture another of Tibby's henchmen, who tells them where Miryea can be found. Jay barges into the brothel to rescue her, only to find that she has been moved. No one but Tibby knows where she is. Jay, Amador, and Ignacio ambush Tibby and his bodyguard on a trail. Jay is here for revenge, but first Tibby requests that Jay ask forgiveness for having stolen his wife. Miryea is in a convent hospice, dying of AIDS. By the time Jay arrives, it is too late. He carries her outside, where she dies in his arms."
27749.0	1.0	Sathyaraj is the son of R Sunderrajan and Sumitra. His dad has no job and spends his time reading newspapers. Sathyaraj is the sole bread-winner of his family. He would try to bring down all the atrocities happening in the society. He falls in love with a dusky beauty, Bhanupriya.The rest forms the story.
4841.0	1.0	Perry  and Stephanie's  junior year in college has just ended. Though the two have been dating since high school, they both feel that the spark in the relationship is gone, and that their constant bickering, breaking up, and making up has become more like a game. They both decide the best thing to do is to call off the relationship before their senior year, so they can test the waters with other people. Perry begins to date Tammy, a young woman who actually has a boyfriend overseas. While he's very attracted to Tammy , he can't really shake his yearning for Stephanie. Eventually Perry tries to reconcile their relationship, and finds that Stephanie might be testing waters of her own.
579.0	0.0	"The film is about two families who are unhappy with their respective relationships: the first couple are young ambitious businessman Jeffrey Byron and his sexually frustrated wife Marianne and the second of older repair contractor ""Lucky"" Mann and his former B-movie actress wife Phyllis, who are unhappily married and living in Montreal, Canada. After 15 years of marriage, Phyllis tells her husband that he is not the father of their daughter but rather that she had conceived her when he was away on Navel duty. She'd engaged in relations with attractive co-actor Jack. Lucky is deeply shocked and surprised by this, leaving the house for some fresh air and reflecting upon their relationship. Ultimately he goes to the bar and drinks in excesses. After coming home Lucky rails on his wife for being unfaithful, and for her betrayal throws household items at her. Upon hearing all this, their teenage daughter Daisy leaves the house the very same night. Her absence intensifies their negative relations and Luck and Phyllis decided to stay together on certain terms, namely sleeping in different rooms and not with one another or others). Some weeks pass, and they receive a letter from Daisy in which she writes that they are not fit to be her parents and she never wants to see them again. Consequently, Lucky and Phyllis sell their house and came to Montreal, Canada, where the letter was post marked in order to find her . Byron is working hard to provide for his family and to lead a more comfortable and luxurious life. Due to excessive work pressure and not being ready to have children, he avoids sex with his wife. However, she desperately wants to have a baby which causes much tension in their life. One day Byron returns from the office, to find that Marianne has arranged a candlelit dinner and sweet music. She marked per period dates and times of her fertile eggs on the calendar in order to have sex with him on these dates so that she can conceive a child. But he is too tied to sex. He added a trip plan for Lekh Lenore hotel in between these dates so that he can attend an important business meeting there and after meeting could spend some romantic moments with his wife in the lap of nature away from the his busy city & business life, which also falls in between dates marked by the Marianne on the calendar. He told her about the visit but not about his plans for her. But when he closed the door of the room leaving her unsatisfied, she warned him that she is going to have a baby with or without him. But he did not take her very seriously at that time. Next day When Lucky arrives to Byron's apartment to make some minor repair, Marianne becomes obsessed with him due to his talking style, and decided to have a baby from him. She gave him the work to create nursery for child & to make a door between bedroom and the baby room, so that she can spend more time with him. Soon after everyday balance breaks and Lucky & Marianne begin an affair. They have their first sex in pool of the house. She started ignoring her husband and has unprotected sex with Lucky several times between her due period dates so that she can conceive a child. Byron sensed some foul play due to sudden change in Marianne behavior towards him and her absence from the house. He tried to spy on his wife, but in vain. Phyllis continues her search for her daughter in the streets of Montreal. One day she watched her daughter standing on the bridge of the river, she tried to reach her but Daisy left before she could reach the spot. She goes to a bar to have a drink in order to lessen the sorrow of her failure. There she noticed that her husband and Marianne are also having drinks in the very same bar and taking about how beautiful it is to cheat on one’s spouse. Later Phyllis meets Byron who gave her a lift in his car due to non availability of Taxi, to her home. During the way he offered her to spend a weekend with him at Lekh Lenore hotel as a friend as he discovered about affair of her wife, but she refused politely. But latter on she agrees to spend the weekend with him when she found that now her husband is spending most of his time with Marianne.  On the day fixed for the trip to the Lekh, Byron took her with him on place of her wife who doesn’t bother about him at all and fully smitten with Lucky. Phyllis left a note at home for her husband that she will return in a few days. She goes with Byron and stayed at hotel but in different rooms. There another married person  tried to flirt with her. On dinner after taking a few drinks she told her story why her relation is so bitter with her husband , but then she leaved for her room. She tried to call her husband but phone came engaged as Lucky is also trying to call Marianne at the same time, but marine is outside the house. When Byron phoned to his wife, she quickly picked up thinking that it would be of Lucky and called him as “Lucky darling”. It upsets the Byron and he went to the room of the Phyllis. But as soon as he entered the room, bell rang again and Byron’s client, appeared at the door with a bottle of wine. He asked her to make a choice between him and Byron. She responded him positively by Taking the bottle of wine and telling him that “she may accept his offer to know more about each other some other night”. It upsets the Byron and he decided to leave her room and left the hotel in the next morning with her. During the way Byron asked her why all the couples can’t happily live in a chaste relations with their spouse, for which she had no reply. After not receiving phone from Marianne, Lucky went to her place in the late night and have sex again. In the morning she reshuffled all the furniture of the house and put up her paintings all over the walls . Then she told Lucky that she needed a divorce from her husband. But he told him that he can’t marry her as he is already married from last 24 years and can’t leave her wife as he still love her very much. But she told him that more often marriages did not work good and single mother brought up the child its own. Then why she needs Byron to bring up her baby. But he told her to think about it again. He said “I think women should stay women”. Then he narrated to her his own story how he came to know about betrayal of her wife and how his one quick, spontaneous, thoughtless, & wrong reaction made under the moment of passion spoiled his happily married life for forever. Even today, after passing of 8 Years, he is facing the consequences of that decision. Then he takes her to the bar of the hotel for some drink. While returning, Byron and Phyllis also stayed in the same bar for a drink and found that Marianne was already there with Lucky. It provoked the Byron, and him & Lucky had a fight. On this the security of the hotel throws the Lucky out of the hotel. Phyllis leaves with Marianne for house in a taxi, but without Marianne knowledge that she is Lucky’s wife. In the way Phyllis asked her how she feels with Lucky. She replied “he is most fucking man she had ever met in her life.” Then she asked her how many men she had met till so far in her life and Marianne replied “two”. Then Marianne asked the Phyllis whether she had sex with Byron, but she told her that she didn’t as her husband loves her very much and strongly believes in the chaste relationship. Marianne invited her in the house for a drink and which she accepted. Marianne gave her a tour to the house. When they go to the child room created by the Lucky, Phyllis found her husband pent and Marianne nighty there as well as the decorating texture similar to that one as was used in her daughter’s room. Phyllis asked her whether she is pregnant. She replied that she has a strange feeling from a last few days  then Phyllis asked her whether she knew who is father of the child. She happily named “Lucky”. Phyllis asked her whether she had told him about it but she replied negatively. Phyllis suggested her to do so without delay  and Marianne promised to tell him about it as soon as possible. When Phyllis is about to leave Byron just arrived. At the same moment Lucky also arrived there in search of his wife and they had a fight again. Phyllis leaved alone in the lift telling Lucky that she wouldn’t want to see him again as she knew what he had done here. Lucky left in hurry just behind her. Marianne asked to Byron “How Phyllis knows the Lucky’s name?” He told her that he is her husband. In the Night, Marianne came to the Byron in order to repair their relationship but as soon as she touched him, Byron retracted and tried to leave the room. She tried to stop him by saying that “We were really good together… We were good together…” But Byron left the house in anger by saying that “we all go a little mad sometime in our life.” Then Marianne realized about her mistake, which now can’t be undone. She take a bath in the pool of the house and whole night deeply think & analyzed about her spoiled relations with her husband due to her worst decision made under momentary loss of passion; consequences of her adultery with Lucky; her and her fore-coming baby’s future with Byron in light of the story of Lucky & Phyllis, and arrived at a harsh decision. Byron goes to a bridge in order to get some fresh air and accidentally fell down resulting in fracture in his right leg. In the morning, Marianne packed up her things and went to the Helen  and told her that they had separated and perhaps her “baby” may be the last connecting link between the two . Previously knowing about their differences on having a baby, When Helen asked her who is the father of the child she deliberately lied to her and named Byron. She said goodbye to her and left the Byron forever even without facing him or telling him about her pregnancy. Lucky found his daughter near the river and he tried to bring her back home by heartily apologizing, but she denied. When Byron came back from the hospital he found that Marianne had already left him for forever. The film ends with the reconciliation between Lucky & Phyllis  while Daisy is watching it from the window while standing in the lawn of their house."
34076.0	0.0	"In the Ming Dynasty, there exists a legendary group of four scholars, whose literary and artistic skills are unmatched in China. Out of the four scholars, Tong Pak Fu  is most famous, for having eight wives in addition to his expertise as an artist, poet, and calligrapher. However, Tong's eight wives are actually complete gambling addicts, and in general, unappreciative of Tong's artistic skills. This leads to Tong's quest for a woman who truly understands him and appreciates his strengths. There is also a familial secret within the Tong Family: they have been generations of martial arts masters. The Tong Family has two major enemies: the Evil Scholar, a notorious swordsman known for The Deadly Scholastic Sword , who killed Tong Pak Fu's father during a melee, and a love rival of Tong Pak Fu's mother, Chissy. Due to these rivalries, Tong Pak Fu is forbidden by his mother to use any form of martial arts. During an outing with the other scholars, Tong stumbles upon the convoy of the House of Wah, an aristocratic family with much political power in the Ming Dynasty government. Tong also meets Chow Heung , one of the four maids in the House of Wah, who is renowned for her legendary beauty. This chance encounter convinces Tong that he has finally found his true love, and he decides to actively woo Chow Heung. On the advice of a boat driver, Tong pretends to be a lowly servant in order to gain employment in the House of Wah. Tong finds life as a servant very difficult, until he is caught helping a friend who sells Tong's paintings as a living. This results in Madame Wah  discovering that Tong is actually educated, through an impromptu rap Tong made up on the spot claiming that his life was ruined by Tong Pak Fu. After some persuasion by Chow Heung, Tong is hired as an assistant tutor for Madame Wah's two young sons, both of whom are presumed mentally challenged. After the sudden  death of the main tutor of the House of Wah, Tong is hired as the main tutor, and as a result, Tong manages to get closer to Chow Heung. The good times do not last, however, as the House of Wah is suddenly visited by Chancellor Wah's political rival, Prince Ning, who has hired the Evil Scholar  as his bodyguard and general counsel. Prince Ning, who is planning a coup, brings a painting by Tong Pak Fu for Chancellor Wah to enjoy, but this is a ruse, as the Prince wants the Evil Scholar to injure and kill members of the Wah Family, especially Chancellor Wah and Madame Wah, an accomplished martial artist. In the subsequent ""viewing"" of the painting , Madame Wah is injured, and Tong steps in to finish the battle in the House of Wah's favor. He succeeds, but the painting is destroyed in the process. Prince Ning seizes the opportunity to blame the House of Wah for insulting him by destroying the painting. To save the House of Wah from being possibly executed by the Emperor, Tong claims that the destroyed painting is actually a counterfeit, and that there is a copy of the genuine painting inside the Wah compounds. Tong leaves with Chow Heung to fetch the painting. However, Chow Heung is fearful of repercussions, as the House of Wah is not allowed to have any of Tong Pak Fu's works. While Chow Heung frets, Tong reproduces the painting in record time, and presents the painting to Prince Ning. Embarrassed at being utterly defeated at the hands of a tutor, Prince Ning leaves hastily, vowing revenge. In reproducing the painting, Tong unintentionally reveals his real identity to Madame Wah, who, as the former love rival of Tong's mother, is one of the enemies of the Tong Family. In a seemingly polite exchange, Madame Wah and Tong poison each other. Several days after Prince Ning's embarrassment, the Evil Scholar returns to annihilate the entire House of Wah. Once again, Madame Wah attempts to defend the family, but is almost killed in the process. Tong appears seconds before Madame Wah and Chow Heung  would be killed by the Evil Scholar. After a fierce battle, Tong kills the Evil Scholar and earns Chow Heung's hand in marriage as a reward. Madame Wah puts on a game to test Tong's love for Chow Heung, which Tong passes. Tong and Chow Heung eventually marry each other in a ceremony where he discovers, to his dismay, that Chow Heung is just as much a gambling addict as his previous eight wives."
17636.0	1.0	"Happy End is about Choi Bora , a successful career woman who becomes involved with her ex-lover, Kim Il-beom . Bora's home life is a snore: she's mother to an infant child and her husband, Seo Min-ki  has lost his job, leaving Bora as the family's sole breadwinner. It's unclear if Bora is with Kim just for the sex or for the passion, both of which Seo seems incapable of giving. But it seems the jobless Seo hasn't been just wandering around parks and reading romance novels as first thought; he knows something is going on, and he's collecting evidence. Seo has been emasculated by his inability to find a job and director Jung hammers this point home with a brief montage showing Seo grocery shopping, cooking, and doing the laundry. These are all very feminine jobs, particularly in very patriarchal South Korea. Most interesting is that Seo seems content to live with the cheating Bora, very much aware of his own shortcomings, which leaves him willing to be wronged. Bora is unable to stop going back to Kim even though she seems physically and emotionally damaged by their continued affair. Kim has realized that he is hooked on her, and is very aware of his jealously-driven actions toward her and her family. Without each other, they have no passion in their lives, and so they must keep going back to each other. Although Happy End ends rather unhappily, the film is not altogether downbeat. Director Jung Ji-woo has taken the role of observer, using mostly handheld cameras to capture the events in the lives of his 3 main subjects. The film is sexually explicit, and there is one scene of brutal violence. Part of the film was shot at a branch of ECC . In the movie, Bora was a director of an English ""Hak won"" or cram school. The Seong Nam branch of ECC was used because it was an actual English tutoring school. In one scene, Bora is showing a mother and her child one of the classes taught by an American instructor. The mother in the scene was the real school's manager of foreign teachers, and the English instructor was an actual American teacher hired as an extra. His name is James Reynolds, and he works now in America teaching high school Social Studies. He said he was paid $150 dollars for his role."
24723.0	1.0	"{{tone}} The story takes place in 1974, two years after the first film. It involves the main character, Vada Sultenfuss , going to Los Angeles, California for the spring break to learn more about her deceased biological mother. First she was a spunky, hypochondriac 11-year-old ""with a chicken bone lodged in her throat""; now she is a lively yet more serious 13-year-old, ""ready for her own apartment"". By this time, her father Harry  is married to Shelly DeVoto , who is now pregnant, her Uncle Phil  now lives in Los Angeles, and her grandmother has died. She still wears the mood ring retrieved for her by her late best friend Thomas J. , who died in the previous film. Vada has her spring break coming up and her school assignment is to do an essay on someone she admires but has never met. She decides that she wants to do it on her mother but quickly realizes she knows very little about her. She manages to get her father to agree to let her go to L.A. to stay with her Uncle Phil and do some research on her mother. Once there, she finds herself under the protection of Nick , Phil's girlfriend's  son, who at first is very annoyed at losing his own spring break to escort a ""hick girl"" around town. However, he soon becomes more involved in the difficult search. The relationship between them, which originally starts out as a reluctant one, slowly turns into something much stronger as she learns more about her mother. The two start supporting each other and experience first love along the way. The movie includes a cappella performance of the Chaplin song ""Smile"" by Angeline Ball playing Vada's mother."
15610.0	1.0	"In the fall of 1954, the Kurtzmans, a Jewish family, live in Forest Park, a suburban neighborhood in the northwest section of Baltimore. At the beginning of the film, Nate, the father, runs a burlesque theatre, and engages in a community numbers racket. His wife Ada stays home and takes care of the household. Van, the older son, attends the University of Baltimore, while Ben is finishing his final year in high school. Ben meets Sylvia, an African-American girl, who begins attending his school after the district has been integrated. Ben immediately starts to develop feelings towards Sylvia, and introduces himself. The two become close based on a mutual love for Little Richard, James Brown, jazz musicians, and black comedians. Sylvia's father, an affluent doctor, disapproves of their relationship and forbids them to see one another. On Halloween, Ben dresses up as Adolf Hitler, which offends his parents greatly. Van and his friends head over to a party in a predominantly bourgeois, gentile section of Baltimore. Van is attracted to a mysterious blonde woman. A fight between one of Van's buddies and a gentile erupts and Trey, one of the party-goers, drunkenly crashes his car into the house. Van must leave the mystery woman. Trey goes to court for the car crash. Van and his friends are there as witnesses. After the court session expires, Van asks several of the other party attendants about the blonde woman he met. Trey discovers that the girl Van has fallen in love with is Dubbie, his own girlfriend. Meanwhile, Nate's burlesque theatre has problems. In order to boost returns on the numbers game, an additional bonus number is added which will increase the pay-off. Little Melvin, a local drug dealer, makes a large bet, defies expectations and hits the number. Unable to pay on that big a win, Nate is then forced to cut Melvin a ""slice of the pie"". When Nate offers Melvin the numbers business instead, Melvin claims that Nate is trying to ""Jew"" him out of his money and a fight breaks out between their bodyguards. Sylvia gives Ben two tickets to see James Brown in concert. At the concert Ben and his friend are the only white patrons in the audience. Van and his friends head out to a gathering, where he again runs into Dubbie and learns of her relationship with Trey. Little Melvin then spots Nate's car off of Pennsylvania Avenue in the African American neighborhood where James Brown is in concert and after seeing Ben and his friend inside, he deduces that one of them must be Nate's son. After the concert, Melvin abducts Ben, Sylvia and their friends from the concert in a payback to Nate's racket. Van has word that Trey is in surgery after a car accident. He and Dubbie go see him in Virginia. Nate and his associates at the nightclub are charged and booked with prostitution and racketeering. Before leaving for prison, he manages to attend Ben and Sylvia's high school graduation. She is attending Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta; he is staying to attend the University of Maryland. As the film closes, the scene shows Ben's family attending a Jewish ceremony as the father walks out of the synagogue and blows a kiss to his wife. In a voice-over of Ben's adult voice, he reflects on his childhood with memories of his kiss with Sylvia, his father, and his bittersweet coming-of-age in 1950's Baltimore."
3855.0	1.0	As Christmas season approaches, Ian is invited by his father, Richie, to join him for a skiing holiday in Park City, Utah. Ian convinces several of his friends to come along. There is Jon, who brings along his German girlfriend, Carla, but has competition for her from a German ski instructor, Hans. Another friend, David, is gay and wants to lose his virginity. Keaton discovers his sister Jane is pregnant and has no plans to tell the man who might be the father. Keaton also has issues with his friend, Lisa, who wants their relationship to become romantic.
37296.0	0.0	"The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled ""The Chink"" ."
14705.0	1.0	A young fast food worker named Sally Jackson , unwittingly falls in love with Dorian Montier , the stepson of her lover, Henry Lever ([[Chris Ellis . She discovers Henry is married, and disgusted, she leaves him, although she is pregnant with his child. Dorian and his brother Angus , both Army helicopter pilots, then accidentally kill him by scaring him to death by chasing his car with what appears to be an AH-1 attack helicopter. They decide to meet the woman that he was cheating with. In their search, Sally and Dorian fall in love while he gets a job at Burger-Matic  They both take a day off from work to go to the funeral, and he spots her there. Dorian is also faced with dealing with his feelings for her, his mother, Beatrice Lever , and Angus' homicidal desires of revenge.
18388.0	1.0	Angie  is an office worker who lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, New York and dreams of a better life. After learning that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Vinnie , she decides that she will have the baby, but not Vinnie as a husband. This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self discovery, including a love affair with a man named Noel  she meets at an art museum. Even her best friend Tina  has trouble understanding Angie.
5011.0	0.0	"It is Christmas 1911 and Arthur Winslow, a retired London banker, is making final preparations for a dinner to seal the engagement between his daughter Catherine, an outspoken supporter of the controversial cause of women's suffrage, and Captain John Watherstone. The family and guests are toasting the upcoming marriage when Arthur discovers that his youngest son Ronnie, a 13-year old cadet at the Royal Naval College at Osbourne, is unexpectedly home. Ronnie has been accused of the theft of a postal order. An internal enquiry, conducted without notice to his family and without benefit of representation, finds him guilty and Mr. Winslow is ""requested to withdraw"" his son from the college . Ronnie proclaims his innocence and his father believes him—enough so that he demands an apology from the College. When the college refuses to reinstate Ronnie, Arthur decides to take the matter to court. With the help of his daughter and Desmond Curry, a solicitor and friend of the family, Mr. Winslow decides to hire the most highly sought after barrister in England at the time, Sir Robert Morton, known also to be a shrewd opposition Member of Parliament. The government is unwilling to allow the case to proceed. The Naval College is a representative of the Admiralty and the Crown, and as such British law presumes they are infallible and above question; their judgment can be legally questioned only with the permission of the Attorney General. However, after heated debates in the House of Commons, the government yields, and the case does come to court. Catherine had expected Sir Robert to decline the case, or at best to treat it as a political tool; instead, he is coolly matter-of-fact about having been persuaded of Ronnie's innocence by his responses to questioning  in the presence of his family. Catherine, a left-wing suffragette, is not enthusiastic about Morton, whom she considers cold and heartless. Catherine is also disturbed by Sir Robert's establishment views: he is a conservative opponent of women’s suffrage. ""He always speaks out against what is right,"" she observes to her father, though she admires his legal skills. Morton, for his part, obviously is quite taken with Catherine from the moment he meets her in his offices; later he stares at her as she arrives at the House of Commons and as she watches the proceedings from the ladies' gallery. In the meantime, the case creates media hysteria and puts a heavy toll on the Winslow family – their funds are rapidly depleted in order to cover legal expenses. Mr. Winslow's physical health deteriorates under the strain and the happiness of the Winslows' home is destroyed. Arthur's wife, Grace, begins to wonder if the real issue is justice or a father's stubborn and foolish pride. Forced to make economical sacrifices, Grace Winslow is unwilling to take the drastic measure of dismissing Violet, who has been the family’s maid for over twenty years. The eldest son, Dickie Winslow, has to leave Oxford due to the lack of money destroying his chance at a career in the Civil Service. Instead, he is compelled to find employment in his father’s bank. Catherine's marriage settlement is also gone. Her fiancé John Watherstone breaks off the engagement in the face of opposition from his father , forcing her to consider a sincere and well-intentioned offer of marriage from Desmond, whom she does not love. Sir Robert has also declined appointment as Lord Chief Justice, rather than drop the case. The least affected is Ronnie, who happily has been transferred to a new school. At trial, Sir Robert  is able to discredit much of the supposed evidence. The Admiralty, certainly embarrassed and presumably no longer confident of Ronnie's guilt, abruptly withdraws all charges against him, proclaiming the boy entirely innocent. When their resounding victory arrives, not a single member of the Winslow’s family is present at court. It is Violet, the maid, who tells Mr. Winslow and Catherine what has happened at court. Shortly after, Sir Robert appears in the Winslows’ home to share the good news. The film ends with a suggestion that romance may yet blossom between Sir Robert and Catherine, who acknowledges that she had misjudged him all along."
5564.0	1.0	"Joe MacGonaughgill  and Lucy Ackerman  are roommates and best friends living in a small Manhattan apartment. Lucy is turning thirty and her love life is embarrassingly dull. Joe on the other hand is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane . Lucy then decides to form a death pact with Joe like they'd had back in college. If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty, then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe's where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out, while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias , a weirdo artist who paints with his own body parts. Joe soon realizes that Jane isn't who he thought she ought to be. Bwick also turns out to be ""no Joe"" for Lucy. It is at this point that Joe and Lucy realize that they are perfect for each other."
5791.0	1.0	The story is about Nishant, a young Indian writer from Paris who undertakes a journey along the river Ganges, right from its source in the Himalayas. He is constantly haunted by the fantasy of a woman called Jaya from Paris. On the banks of the calm and surreal Ganges he meets Zehra, a poetess and a dancer associated with a brothel. Zehra brings back the memory of Jaya and Nishant loses himself in her. Love takes over and he wants Zehra to be a part of his journey. Nishant manages to take Zehra away from the brothel. He wants her to go back with him to Paris. While they are enjoying their journey, Nishant receives a telegram. And Zehra soon discovers how Nishant's fantasy could lead to a series of surprises....Festival films Harvard University.Jaya Ganga Cinema.com.
33597.0	0.0	"Sardonic, self-absorbed TV meteorologist Phil Connors , news producer Rita  and cameraman Larry  from fictional Pittsburgh television station WPBH-TV9 travel to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, to cover the annual Groundhog Day festivities with Punxsutawney Phil. Having grown annoyed with the assignment, Phil grudgingly gives his sarcastic report and attempts to return to Pittsburgh when a blizzard shuts down the roads. Phil and his team are forced to return to Punxsutawney and stay in town overnight. Phil wakes up to find that he is reliving February 2. The day plays out exactly as it did before, with no one else aware of the time loop, and only Phil aware of past events. He is initially confused, but when the phenomenon continues each subsequent day, he decides to take advantage of the situation: he learns the town's residents secrets, seduces women, plays pranks, overindulges in unhealthy foods, steals money, drives recklessly, and gets thrown in jail. However, his attempts to get closer to Rita repeatedly fail. Eventually Phil tires of his excesses, becomes despondent and resorts to increasingly drastic measures to end the time loop; he gives ridiculous and offensive reports on the festival, abuses residents, eventually kidnaps Punxsutawney Phil and, after a car chase involving the police, drives into a quarry, evidently killing both himself and the groundhog. However, Phil wakes up again in his bed and finds that nothing has changed; further attempts at suicide are equally fruitless as he continues to find himself waking at six o'clock on the morning of February 2 with the clock radio on his nightstand playing ""I Got You Babe"" by Sonny & Cher. When Phil explains the situation to Rita she suggests that he should work to improve himself. Inspired, Phil endeavors to try to learn more about Rita, building upon his knowledge of her and the town each day. He begins to use his by-now vast experience of the day to help as many people as possible. He also learns, among other things, to play piano at a professional level, ice sculpt expertly, and speak fluent French. Eventually, Phil is able to befriend almost everyone he meets during the day. He uses his knowledge of that day's experiences to save lives, help townspeople, and to get closer to Rita. He crafts a report on the Groundhog Day celebration so eloquent that all the other stations turn their microphones to him and the surrounding crowd erupts in applause and cheers at the report's conclusion. After the evening dance, Rita and Phil retire together to Phil's room. He wakes the next morning and finds the time loop is broken; it is now February 3 and Rita is still with him. After going outside, Phil suggests to Rita that they move to Punxsutawney."
8066.0	0.0	"Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson  and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman , are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors in Wabasha, Minnesota. Their rivalry began decades earlier when John had ""stolen"" Max's high school sweetheart, May, with whom John went on to marry and have two children with, daughter Melanie  and son Brian . Max went on to marry a woman named Amy, with whom he had his son Jacob . Despite their differences, both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives, and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing, as well as competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. A subplot of the film involves John's ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service , owing thousands in back taxes, and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder . The vacant house across the street is being moved into, but neither Max or John know who the new neighbor is until both are awakened at 1:30 AM by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street. They see their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax , who quickly becomes the talk of the town with her exuberant lifestyle and bizarre tactics to get to know her new neighbors. Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck , who owns the lakeside bait shop, advises that they take advantage of the opportunity, as does John's 94-year old father, John Sr. . But both men publicly act indifferent over the prospect. At Thanksgiving with their families, John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel's house, when they see Chuck arrive at her place with roses and chocolates. Intrigued, both men speed to the bait shop the next morning to find out the details. Chuck says there was no sex, and describes being with Ariel was like being young again. This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel on a date later that evening. Max beats John over to Ariel's house, and they go ice fishing the next day. John goes to the bait shop, finding it closed and padlocked, and learns that Chuck has died in his sleep. When Max arrives home, gloating over his ""victory"" with Ariel, John informs him of Chuck's death, and after nearly coming to blows, both men go inside to deal with their grief. John then angrily answers a knock at his door and finds Elliot Snyder, the IRS Agent who he had been avoiding. After arriving back home later that evening, he finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them. It seems Ariel has more of a connection to John, due in part to their careers in education. They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments with each other, until one evening Ariel decides to spend the night. That next morning, after learning what happened, an enraged Max pushes the feud to the next level by using his truck to push John's ice shanty towards thin ice with John still in it. John angrily confronts Max, who accuses John of stealing Ariel like he did years earlier with May. After the skirmish is broken up by John Sr., Max painfully reminds John of his tax problems, and that he cannot wait around for another Amy. John decides to let Max ""win"" and breaks up with Ariel, who does not take the news well. John enters a depression that only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together, culminating on Christmas Eve when his daughter Melanie comes over with her estranged husband Mike , whom John is not fond of. After arguing with Mike, John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern. Jacob shows up at the Gustafsons to wish ""Merry Christmas"" to Melanie, when she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace for Christmas. Jacob demands Max to end the feud, and go make peace. Max has no idea that John is depressed over Ariel, and when Max's half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile, John questions Max's love for Ariel and leaves. Finally realizing that John loves Ariel, Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation, but finds John in a snowdrift suffering a massive heart attack. With John clinging to life in a hospital, Max decides to call off the feud, and tell Ariel everything. She then goes to the hospital and reconciles with him. While John is recovering, an unsympathetic Mr. Snyder discloses to Max that John owes $57,000 due to penalties and interest, and plans to get the money by selling his house. Max then barricades John's front door, and gets Jacob, now mayor of Wabasha, to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John's property. John and Ariel marry several months later, as Max helps pay John's taxes, thanks to Jacob's getting the penalties and interest waived and Max putting up the $13,000 he owes as a loan. That night, Max goes to a VFW event in hopes of meeting a woman. His son, Jacob, takes that opportunity to go to John's house to visit Melanie. As the credits are rolling, many outtakes of the film play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window as they watch Chuck woo Ariel. Later, at the end of the credits, Walter Matthau is taking a bath, saying directly to the audience, ""If I knew there was a nude scene in this picture, I would have asked for another million!"""
23957.0	1.0	"Pakshe circles around the tragic and sacrificial life of Balachandra Menon , an IAS officer. Balan was brought up in a poor family whose properties was sold out by his father  to go on with the legal cases associated with his properties. Balan was in love with Nandini . She was an aspirant to become a writer and belonged to a rich family. However, their relation was accepted by both their families and their marriage was fixed. Unniyettan  was a teacher of Balan and he was the motivator of Balan to become a civil servant. With prayers from Nandini, Balan successfully passed the written exam of IAS. On a very unfortunate day, Balan's father committed suicide following his failure in the years long case, for which he had sold out all his family properties and had created huge debts. Balan had to repay the debts created by his father. Balan, who had passed the written exam passed the interview too successfully. Private money lenders abused and harassed Balan for not repaying their amounts and Balan happened to fight with them. Following the incidents, Nandini's family withdrew from the marriage with Balan and she was house arrested. When the money lenders legally acquired his house, there came a helping hand, Vikraman Contractor  who offered him the money but only if he was ready to marry his daughter. Balan went to Nandini and she insisted him to marry that girl and rescue his family. In a terrific scene of departure, they decided to split calling it a ""sacrifice that they only can do"" for their families. Balan repaid his debts after his marriage to Rajeswari aka Raji , who was an arrogant woman and from whom Balan always faced miseries. Vikraman used the bureaucratic status of Balan to satisfy his and his friends' false needs. Once when Balan refused to obey Vikraman, he was abused by him and was criticized as a corrupt officer. Following the harassment, Balan decided to move from his wife house but Raji refused to accompany him. Balan who felt insulted left alone from that house. He took a long leave and set out to a beach resort for some days of relaxation. There he found a middle aged funny man named Eenashu ([[Innocent  who always tried to keep himself young and spiritful through liquors and woman. His company made Balan forget his miseries and to start a new life. On a usual evening, Balan was shocked to see his childhood lover Nandini after long decades in his neighbouring cottage. She was still alone and had become an internationally acclaimed writer. Though they were lovers once, they were now not even able to talk freely each other. Gradually they began to share their life matters each other. On the beautiful beach side, they both shared wonderful evenings through which they were able to make them up the old couples- Balettan and Nandinikkutty. Balan who had changed a lot through Eenashu's company could easily rub the face of Raji from his mind. After long eves and mornings of romance, Balan and Nandini decided to live together thereafter. But still fate was haunting them. On the day they planned to leave, Balan had an unusual visitor, his wife Rajeswari and children. She realised her mistakes and asked him to forgive her. Balan felt senseless to hear this and he was confused what to do; however, he decided to accept his wife and children. He went to Nandini, who was all set to leave with him. Once again, after several years, they had to experience the pain of departure. The film ends when Balan set out to his new married life and Nandini, beginning a new era of memories with Balan. The director is successful in introducing the eternal love story in a heart-touching way. The film is also blessed by the great onscreen chemistry between Mohanlal and Shobhana. Both along with Shanthi Krishna have done an exemplary performance. Johnson have given some good songs for this film."
11178.0	0.0	"Calvin Webber  is a brilliant and eccentric Caltech nuclear physicist, living during the Cold War. His extreme fear of a nuclear holocaust leads him to build an enormous self-sustaining fallout shelter beneath his suburban home. One night, while he and his pregnant wife, Helen , are entertaining guests, a family friend comes to inform him that John F. Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev are getting into a debate. The family turns on their television, and watch in horror. When the Cuban Missile Crisis begins, they ask their guests to leave, and they head down into the shelter. Meanwhile, a pilot is having problems with his plane; he is ordered to eject, believing his jet will crash into the Pacific Ocean. Just as the Webbers descend into the shelter, the plane veers off and crashes into the Webber home, leaving their friends and family to believe the family has died. The family, having seen the resulting fireball just as they lock themselves in their shelter, believe that the unthinkable has happened and that they are the sole survivors of a nuclear war. The locks on the shelter are set for 35 years and cannot be overridden by anyone inside or outside the shelter — for ""their own protection"" according to Calvin Webber. A few days after the locks have been engaged, Mrs. Webber goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name Adam. During the roughly 35 years they are down in the shelter, the world above drastically changes, while the Webbers' life remains frozen in 1962. Adam is taught in several languages, all school subjects, dance, boxing, and many other things. The family passes time watching black and white films and kinescopes of television programs via a projector rigged to look like a television. Adam is given his father's baseball card collection and shares in various companies. In the present, the timer on the locks releases, and Calvin decides to check out the surroundings above the shelter , which has turned into a ghetto. He mistakes this for a post-apocalyptic world and wants his wife and grown son  to stay in hiding, but suffers from chest pain. Adam, who is naïve but well-educated, is sent for supplies and help, thus beginning his adventures. Much of the humor in the film is derived from his being unaccustomed to the lifestyle of the present , believing ""gay"" means happy, and finding awe in simple things of the present. Early on, he meets Eve Vrustikoff  at a card store, where she works, and where he went to sell his father's classic baseball cards. She stops the store owner from ripping Adam off and is immediately fired. Adam asks Eve to take him to the Holiday Inn, in exchange for a baseball card, worth $4,000. The next morning, at the Holiday Inn, Eve comes to give back the card to Adam, and after a brief conversation, Eve informs Adam that she has to look for a new job. In exchange for $1,000 a week, Adam asks Eve to work for him, she agrees to help him buy the supplies and his search for a ""non-mutant wife from Pasadena"". Meanwhile, Adam meets Eve's gay housemate and best friend, Troy , who offers advice and commentary as Adam and Eve fall in love. Adam continually impresses both Eve and Troy with his array of talents including an energetic swing dance that garners the attention of Eve's rival, Sophie , who starts flirting with the naive Adam, spurning Eve when he goes home with her. Adam returns later, having admitted to rejecting Sophie's advances and tells Eve about his past. The sheer notion of the story scares Eve into thinking he is a sociopath or psychotic and delusional and she contacts some mental health professionals to have him committed. They arrive at Eve's house to take him into custody, but he escapes. After Adam is gone, Troy and Eve find that he has ""millions upon millions, upon millions of dollars"" worth of stocks, and the lifestyle they find he has been living seems straight out of the 1960s. Eventually, Eve finds Adam and the two make up, Adam finally introducing Eve to his sheltered parents. At the conclusion of the film, Calvin and Helen move into a home at the surface that their son has had constructed with the wealth he has acquired from the stocks his father gave him. Only Calvin is informed that the catastrophe they went into seclusion for was in fact a plane crash, for fear Helen would be incredibly angry at her husband for her years of mistaken confinement. The film ends with Helen at peace with her newfound freedom from the shelter, Adam and Eve engaged to be married, while Calvin, certain that the ""Commies"" have faked the collapse of the Soviet Union, starts pacing out measurements for a new fallout shelter."
17110.0	0.0	"Lucy Moderatz  is a lonely token collector on the Chicago Transit Authority who has a secret crush on a handsome commuter named Peter Callaghan . On Christmas day, she rescues him from an oncoming train after a mugger pushes him onto the tracks. He falls into a coma, and she accompanies him to the hospital, where a nurse overhears her musing aloud, ""I was going to marry him."" Misinterpreting her, the nurse tells his family that she is his fiancée. At first she is too caught up in the panic to explain the truth. She winds up keeping the secret for a number of reasons: she is embarrassed, Elsie  has a heart condition, and she quickly comes to love being a part of Peter's big and loving family. One night, thinking she's alone while visiting Peter, she confesses about her predicament. Unbeknownst to her, Saul  overhears the truth and later confronts her, but tells her he'll keep her secret, because the accident has brought the family closer. With no family and few friends, Lucy becomes so captivated with the quirky Callaghans and their unconditional love for her that she cannot bring herself to hurt them by revealing that Peter doesn't even know her. She spends a belated Christmas with them and then meets his younger brother Jack , who is supposed to take over his father's furniture business. He is suspicious of her at first, but he falls in love with her as they spend time together. They develop a close friendship and soon after she falls in love with him as well. After New Year's Eve, Peter wakes up. He has no memory of Lucy, but by this time his family has become so convinced of the engagement story that they assume he must have amnesia. She and Peter spend time together, but she has already fallen in love with Jack. Saul persuades Peter to propose to her ""again"", and she agrees despite her feelings for Jack. When he visits her the day before the wedding, she gives him a chance to change her mind, asking him if he can give her a reason not to marry Peter. He replies that he can't, leaving her disappointed. On the day of the wedding, just as the priest begins the ceremony, Lucy finally confesses everything and tells the family she is in love with Jack rather than Peter. Ashley Bartlett Bacon, Peter's real fiancée , also arrives to stop the wedding. As the family argues, Lucy slips out unnoticed, unsure of her future. Some time later, as Lucy collects tokens from passengers at the train station, Jack places an engagement ring in the token tray of her booth. With the entire Callaghan family watching, he walks into the toll booth and proposes to her. In the last scenes of the film, they kiss at the end of their wedding, then leave on a train for their honeymoon. She narrates that he fulfilled her dream of going to Florence, Italy, and explains that, when Peter asked when she fell in love with Jack, she replied, ""it was while you were sleeping."""
2316.0	1.0	The film is a story of romance that centers around two lovers: Deva  and Bharadhi ([[Swathi . The two are deep in love but encounter opposition from Bharadhi's father, Sivakumar, the head of the village. Sivakumar believes that his daughter's suitor is not a suitable one, due to his perceived reputation throughout the village. Although the son of the well to do Manorama, it comes to light that Sivakumar's disapproval stems from his relationship with his brother, who is seemingly apathetic and lackadaisical. The film ends happily with Sivakumar recognizing that his now son-in-law is in actuality a really upstanding citizen in the village. The two young lovers overcome all problems and live their lives happily married.
4084.0	1.0	"The film starts with Jesse meeting Céline on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Céline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces Céline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is ""the same boring, unmotivated guy."" Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna. After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad Ferris wheel at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. Céline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she ""loved him too much"". When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight out of Europe, out of Vienna, but it did not leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. When they are walking alongside the Donaukanal  they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and Céline decide on the word ""milkshake"", and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet [[David Jewell . In a traditional Viennese café, Jesse and Céline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each others' friends they pretend to call. Céline reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life. They admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably will not see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he would marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station , where the two hastily agree to meet together at the same place in six months as the train is about to leave."
19625.0	0.0	Padayappa  is an engineer who visits his hometown to attend his sister's wedding. His sister is engaged to the son of his maternal uncle . During this happy occasion, Padayappa's father's foster brother  demands a share in the family property. However, standing true to his words that the family property should not be divided, Padayappa's father  gives the entire property to him. His family is then forced to leave their home. Unable to bear this shock, his father suddenly dies. His sister's wedding is then cancelled because the groom chose to marry someone offering him a greater dowry and married his uncle's daughter. Also, Nilambiri , the spoiled daughter of his maternal uncle, is in love with him. Meanwhile, Padayappa finds out that the hill that he owns is made of granite, and he digs it out and becomes famous in the ciy in the city as he uses the money in service of the poor. His family, once again, is able to settle down. His sister gets married to an engineer Padayappa hired, and Padayappa maintains his father's position in the village. Padayappa is in love with Vasundhara , Nilambari's servant. When Nilambari finds this out, she goes crazy. Her parents beg Padayappa's widowed mother to allow Nilambari to marry Padayappa. Padayappa obeys his mother's orders to get married. However, Padayappa's mother becomes wise and tells off her brother in front of the entire village, giving a proposal of marriage to Vasundhara's mother instead of her brother, not letting her brother forget the humiliation he put her through when Padayappa's father died. Nilambari's dad commits suicide in humiliation. Nilambari tries to kill Vasundhara, but is not successful. After the wedding, Nilambari retreats into a room in her brother's house, only having Padayappa in her mind for 18 years. However, when her brother finally wakes her up, she plans her revenge on Padayappa, now a father of two adult daughters. Nilambari's brother also has a son, Chandru Prakash  who studies in the same college as Padayappa's elder daughter . He is told by Nilambari that he should make Padayappa's daughter fall in love with him. At the same time Padayappa plans to get his eldest daughter married to his sister's son. As a tradition in their village the groom and bride are asked if they both are not being forced to marry each other. Nilambari's plan is to make Padayappa's daughter say that she doesn't wish to get married to the groom that her parents want her to marry and that she is in love with someone else and in that process get Padayappa humiliated. Her plan works, but Padayappa retaliates and makes his daughter's lover confess that he really fell in love with her, even though he was told only to act. Padayappa decides to take him to his house for the marriage, with Nilambari and her brother chasing behind. The chase sees Nilambari's brother killed in a car accident. After a dramatic fight scene, the marriage takes place. Nilambari reaches the temple where the marriage is conducted and in anger tries to kill Padayappa. But Padayappa succeeds in saving her life by preventing a bull from attacking her while dodging the bullets fired from the gun. Rather than live with the humiliation of knowing that she was unsuccessful in avenging her father's death and having her life saved by her enemy, Nilambari commits suicide.
11474.0	0.0	A young Orthodox Jew  in 1911 South Wales tries to make his living by peddling fabrics door to door in the South Wales Valleys, but to do so he decides he must hide his ethnicity. On one of his sales he meets and falls in love with a demure young Gentile woman ([[Nia Roberts  with a strong-willed father ([[William Thomas  and a Jew-hating anti-Semitic brother . The two fall in love and she becomes pregnant, but only then does she learn of his ethnic background. When an anti-Jewish pogrom breaks out, the two are forced to flee and become separated.
18358.0	1.0	The movie tells the story of a love triangle, in which a young man is loved by two women. Adel, a thief, is loved by aging Afaq also a thief. The story of the gang of thieves changes direction when Adel meets Nargess, a beautiful young girl from an impoverished family.
31895.0	0.0	"The wealthy and popular Kathryn Merteuil  takes the sheltered and naïve Cecile Caldwell  under her wing, promising to turn Cecile into a model student. Kathryn's real intention, however, is to use Cecile to indirectly take revenge on Court Reynolds, her ex-lover, who had dumped her for Cecile. Kathryn asks her step-brother, Sebastian Valmont  to seduce Cecile; he refuses as he is planning to seduce virgin Annette Hargrove  - a 'paradigm of chastity and virtue' and spoil her social reputation. Doubting Sebastian's chance of success, they make a wager: If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage 1956 Jaguar XK140 roadster; if Sebastian wins, Kathryn will allow him to ""put it anywhere"" . Sebastian agrees. Ronald Clifford, Cecile's music teacher, is also in love with Cecile. Annette is temporarily staying with Helen Rosemond, Sebastian's Aunt. Cecile's mother, Mrs. Caldwell, who met Annette at her school, has already warned Annette of Sebastian's reputation for womanizing. Sebastian's seduction of Annette fails. Wanting revenge on the Caldwells, Sebastian tells Kathryn he will now seduce Cecile. Kathryn tells Cecile's mother about Ronald and Cecile's romance and Mrs. Caldwell intervenes in her daughter's relationship. Sebastian, in turn, calls Cecile to his house, ostensibly to give her a letter from Ronald. Sebastian blackmails Cecile and performs oral sex on her. The next day, Cecile confides in Kathryn, who advises her to learn the art of sex from Sebastian so that she can make Ronald happy in bed. Sebastian falls in love with Annette, who returns his feelings but resists him. Sebastian calls her a hypocrite because she claims to be waiting for her one true love, but when her one true love chooses to love her back, she resists. She relents, but Sebastian, in turn, refuses her. Annette flees to her friend's parents' estate. Sebastian tracks her down and professes his love, and they make love. As he has won the bet, Kathryn offers herself to Sebastian the next day, but he refuses; he now wants Annette only. Kathryn taunts him and threatens to ruin Annette's reputation, so Sebastian pretends indifference to Annette and coldly breaks up with her. After Sebastian tells Kathryn that he has broken up with Annette and arranged for Cecile and Ronald to be together, Kathryn reveals that she has known all along that he was truly in love with Annette and manipulated him into giving her up. She then rejects him. Sebastian leaves, and Kathryn calls Ronald to inform him that Sebastian had sex with Cecile. Sebastian finds and sends Annette his journal, in which he has detailed all of Kathryn's maneuvers and written his true feelings for Annette. When Sebastian starts heading home, Ronald confronts him in the middle of the street and a fight ensues. Annette runs out and tries to stop it. She is thrown into the way of an oncoming cab. Sebastian pushes her to safety and is hit by the speeding cab himself. Before he dies, Sebastian and Annette profess their love for each other. At Sebastian's funeral, Cecile distributes copies of Sebastian's journal, made into a book by Annette, titled ""Cruel Intentions"". Kathryn is humiliated and rejected by her former friends, and she is defamed for the cocaine hidden in her cross necklace. Annette drives away in Sebastian's Jaguar with his journal at her side as fond memories of Sebastian play through her head."
6237.0	1.0	Frank is a retired Irish seaman. Walter is a retired Cuban barber. They are two lonely old men living in Florida, trapped in the emptiness of their own lives. When they meet in a park, the flamboyant Frank is finally able to start a conversation with the introverted Walter after several attempts. They begin to spend time together and become friends, sometimes meeting at the coffee shop where Walter orders the same food every day and becomes fond of Elaine, a young waitress. Frank's salty talk and crude behavior in public offend Walter and threaten their friendship. In the meantime, Frank attempts to start a romance with Georgia, a woman he meets at the movies, while dealing with Helen, a neighbor who is put off by his manner.
13817.0	0.0	{{Plot}} Raja ([[Govinda  is the son of Florence  and James . James was a criminal who was killed in an encounter with police in front of Florence. James gave a new-born baby to Florence before dying and tells her to take care of him. This toddler is Raja. At college Raja has Morarilal and Deepak as friends. Gulshan, aka Gullu,  is another boy in college who hates Raja. Priya , the sister of Inspector Vijay Chauhan , joins the college. After a series of tiffs with Raja, Priya begins to fall for him. In the meanwhile, various college girls get killed by a mysterious killer. Inspector Chauhan is given charge of these cases. Raja accidentally realizes the connection between the girls - Professor Verma . After, Raja realizes that Verma was the person these girls frequently met, he decides that either the professor knows something about the murder, or is the killer. The Professor is beaten up by Raja and his friends. In fit of rage, Raja stabs him. Next day, everyone is shocked by Verma's murder. Inspector Chauhan starts taking fingerprints of everybody in the college. Raja, terrified of his crime and the fact that he turned out just like his father, gives unclear fingerprints. Gullu makes him realize that by doing this, he has actually incriminated himself. When Raja learns that the murder was committed in front of Priya's home and that Priya's nephew  has suddenly become silent since the day of murder, he realizes that Priya's nephew has seen him. On the other hand, Inspector Chauhan finds out why the girls were murdered - they were victims of a sex scandal. Raja is immediately branded as a blue film maker. To make matters worse, Priya's nephew identifies him as a killer in front of Priya. Now, Raja has to run from the police to save his life. Gullu joins with Raja to find evidence in his favour, but dead bodies start dropping. Chauhan eventually arrests Raja and interrogates him. Raja tells the truth, but is shocked to learn that the Professor was stabbed 46 times. He realizes that the Professor was killed by someone else and is still on the loose, tying up all leads. Realizing that Chauhan's son is in danger, he escapes from the police station and kidnaps Chauhan's son from the hospital. When Raja asks him why he told a lie, Chauhan's son says he did not. Just then, the real killer comes to kill Chauhan's son. Raja is shocked to see that the killer is Deepak. Deepak says that he and Verma were involved in blue film making. The victims were killed because they were threatening to expose Deepak. When Verma was stabbed by Raja, Deepak saw an opportunity to eliminate his partner and make his side safe. Then he saw Chauhan's son and knew that he had another problem. Deepak killed every person who knew his secret, as incriminating Raja was his only option. The reason Chauhan's son pointed to Raja as the killer was that Deepak was standing behind him! Deepak tries to kill Chauhan's son, but Raja fights him on the hospital roof. Deepak dies when Inspector Chauhan arrives on the scene and shoots Deepak, who falls to his death. Chauhan lets Raja go, telling him that his mother is in hospital in a critical state. Raja succeeds in saving his mother and the statement of Inspector Chauhan proves his innocence.
34780.0	0.0	"William Shakespeare  is a poor playwright for Philip Henslowe , owner of The Rose Theatre, in 1593 London. After learning that his love was cheating on him with his patron, Shakespeare burns his new comedy, Romeo and Ethel the Pirate's Daughter, rewriting it as the tragedy Romeo and Juliet. Suffering from writer's block, he is unable to complete the play, but begins auditions for Romeo. A young man named Thomas Kent is cast in the role after impressing Shakespeare with his performance and his love of Shakespeare's previous work. Kent is actually Viola de Lesseps , the daughter of a wealthy merchant who desires to act but, since women are banned from the stage, she must disguise herself. After Shakespeare discovers his star's true identity, he and Viola begin a passionate secret affair. Inspired by her, Shakespeare writes quickly, and benefits from the advice of playwright and friendly rival Christopher 'Kit' Marlowe . Shakespeare and Viola know, however, that their romance is doomed. He is married, albeit long separated from his wife, while Viola's parents have arranged her betrothal to Lord Wessex , an aristocrat who needs money. When Viola is summoned to the court of Queen Elizabeth I , Shakespeare dons a woman's disguise to accompany her as her cousin. At court, he persuades Wessex to bet £50 that a play cannot capture the nature of true love. If Romeo and Juliet is a success, Shakespeare as playwright will win the money. The Queen, who enjoys Shakespeare's plays, agrees to witness the wager. Edmund Tilney , the Master of the Revels, the Queen's official in charge of the theatres, learns that there is a woman in the theatre company at The Rose playhouse, and orders the theatre closed for violating morality and the law. Left without a stage or lead actor, it seems that Romeo and Juliet must close before it even opens, until Richard Burbage , the owner of a competing theatre, the Curtain, offers his stage to Shakespeare. Shakespeare assumes the lead role of Romeo, with a boy actor , playing Juliet. Viola learns that the play will be performed on her wedding day, and after the ceremony secretly travels to the theatre. Shortly before the play begins, the boy playing Juliet starts experiencing the voice change of puberty. Viola replaces him and plays Juliet to Shakespeare's Romeo. Their passionate portrayal of two lovers inspires the entire audience. Tilney arrives at the theatre with Wessex, who has deduced his new bride's location. Tilney plans to arrest the audience and cast for indecency, but the Queen is in attendance. Although she recognizes Viola, the Queen does not unmask her, instead declaring that the role of Juliet is being performed by Thomas Kent. However, even a queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage, so she orders ""Kent"" to fetch Viola so that she may sail with Wessex to the Colony of Virginia. The Queen also states that Romeo and Juliet has accurately portrayed true love so Wessex must pay Shakespeare £50, the exact amount Shakespeare requires to buy a share in the Lord Chamberlain's Men. The Queen then directs ""Kent"" to tell Shakespeare to write something ""a little more cheerful next time, for Twelfth Night"". Viola and Shakespeare part, resigned to their fates. The film closes as Shakespeare begins to write Twelfth Night, Or What You Will imagining his love washed ashore in a strange land after a shipwreck and musing, ""For she will be my heroine for all time, and her name will be...Viola"", a strong young woman castaway who disguises herself as a young man."
7321.0	0.0	It tells the story of a young man, Prem , and a young woman, Nisha , who are both very fun loving, cheerful and mischievous. Prem has lost his parents at an early age. He lives with his elder brother Rajesh  and uncle Kailashnath . Rajesh manages his business with great flair and his family is on the look-out for a suitable bride for him. Professor Siddharth Chaudhary  and Mrs. Chaudhary  have two daughters, Pooja  and Nisha. The Chaudhary couple and Kailashnath are old friends who meet again after several years. They arrange a marriage between Rajesh and Pooja. From their first meeting, Nisha and Prem start arguing and fighting with each other, although in a lighthearted manner. The fun and mischief continues throughout Pooja and Rajesh's wedding. Prem gets along well with his kind and affectionate sister-in-law. In course of time, Pooja and Rajesh discover that they are expecting a child. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary are unable to come to Kailashnath's house for the ceremony marking the impending arrival of the baby. So they send Nisha instead; and she stays there until Pooja's delivery. In the meanwhile, Nisha and Prem fall in love with each other. Pooja gives birth to a son. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary come over to Kailashnath's house to celebrate the birth of their grandchild. When it is time for them to leave, everybody is sad, especially Prem. He and Nisha promise to each other that they will soon get together for ever. Then, one day, Pooja gets invited to stay at her parents' house, and Prem takes her there. When they arrive, Pooja finds out that Prem and Nisha love each other. She promises to get them married and gives Nisha a necklace as a token. Then the phone rings and Pooja goes to answer it. She is happily hopping down the stairs when her foot accidentally slips. She dies from a head injury after falling off the stairs. Everybody is shattered by the tragedy. Nisha takes good care of her dead sister's son. Hence, her parents and Kailashnath feel that Nisha will be a great mother to the baby. They decide to get Nisha married to Rajesh. Nisha overhears her parents talking about her marrying into Kailashnath's family. She mistakenly thinks that they are discussing her marriage to Prem. Later, at a pre-nuptial ceremony, she finds out that she is actually supposed to get married to Rajesh. Prem and Nisha agree to sacrifice their love for Rajesh and the baby. Moments before the wedding is to begin, Nisha sends Prem the necklace that Pooja had given her, along with a letter. The letter and necklace fall into the hands of Rajesh. He realizes that Prem and Nisha love each other. He confronts both of them. In the end, Nisha and Prem marry each other with the consent of their families.
35407.0	0.0	In 1462, Vlad Dracula, a member of the Order of the Dragon, returns from a victory against the Turks to find his wife, Elisabeta, has committed suicide after receiving a false report of his death. Enraged that his wife is now damned for committing suicide, Dracula desecrates his chapel and renounces God, declaring that he will rise from the grave to avenge Elisabeta with all the powers of darkness. In a fit of rage, he stabs the cross with his sword and drinks the blood which is pouring out of the cross. In 1897, newly-qualified solicitor Jonathan Harker takes the Transylvanian Count Dracula as a client from his colleague R. M. Renfield, who has gone insane. Jonathan travels to Transylvania to arrange Dracula's real estate acquisition in London, including Carfax Abbey. Jonathan meets Dracula, who discovers a picture of Harker's fiancée, Mina, and believes that she is the reincarnation of Elisabeta. Dracula leaves Jonathan to be seduced by his brides and sails to England with boxes of his native soil, taking up residence at Carfax Abbey. His arrival is foretold by the ravings of Renfield, now an inmate in Dr. Jack Seward's neighboring insane asylum. In London, Dracula emerges as a wolf-like creature amid a fierce thunderstorm and hypnotically seduces, then rapes and bites Lucy Westenra, with whom Mina is staying while Jonathan is in Transylvania. Lucy's deteriorating health and behavioral changes prompts Lucy's former suitors Quincey Morris and Dr. Seward, along with her fiancée, Arthur Holmwood, to summon Dr. Abraham Van Helsing, who recognizes Lucy as the victim of a vampire. Dracula, appearing young and handsome during daylight, meets and charms Mina. When Mina receives word from Jonathan, who has escaped the castle and recovered at a convent, she travels to Romania to marry him. In his fury, Dracula transforms Lucy into a vampire. Van Helsing, Holmwood, Seward and Morris kill Lucy.  After Jonathan and Mina return to London, Jonathan and Van Helsing lead the others to Carfax Abbey, where they destroy the Count's boxes of soil. Dracula enters the asylum, where he kills Renfield for warning Mina of his presence before visiting Mina, who is staying in Seward's quarters while the others hunt Dracula. He confesses that he murdered Lucy and has been terrorizing Mina's friends, but a confused and angry Mina admits that she still loves him and remembers her previous life as Elisabeta. At her insistence, Dracula begins transforming her into a vampire. The hunters burst into the bedroom, with Dracula claiming Mina as his bride before escaping. As Mina begins changing, Van Helsing hypnotizes her and learns via her connection with Dracula that he is sailing home in his last remaining box. The hunters depart for Varna to intercept him, but Dracula reads Mina's mind and evades them. The hunters split up, with Van Helsing and Mina traveling to the Borgo Pass and the castle, while the others try to stop the Gypsies transporting the Count. At night, Van Helsing and Mina are approached by Dracula's brides. They frighten Mina at first, but she gives into their chanting and attempts to seduce Van Helsing. Before Mina can feed on his blood, Van Helsing places a communion wafer upon her forehead, leaving a mark. He surrounds them with a ring of fire to protect them from the brides, then infiltrates the castle and decapitates them the following morning. As sunset approaches, Dracula's carriage arrives at the castle, pursued by the hunters. A fight between the hunters and gypsies ensues. Morris is stabbed in the back during the fight and at sunset Dracula bursts from his coffin. Harker slits his throat while a wounded Morris stabs him in the heart with a Bowie knife. As Dracula staggers, Mina rushes to his defense. Holmwood tries to attack but Van Helsing and Harker allow her to retreat with the Count. Morris dies, surrounded by his friends. In the chapel where he renounced God, Dracula lies dying in an ancient demonic form. He asks Mina to give him peace. They share a kiss as the candles adorning the chapel light up, and Mina shoves the knife through Dracula's heart. The mark on her forehead disappears as Dracula's curse is lifted. She decapitates him, and finally gazes up at the fresco of Vlad and Elisabeta ascending to Heaven together.
36577.0	0.0	The film takes place in 1999 in a small Israeli town, in which a young girl called Clara  discovers that she has paranormal powers that allow her to predict the future. That discovery causes mayhem in the town as its people try to take advantage of Clara's powers and people escape the town as her powers have discovered a leak in the nearby nuclear plant. Clara herself has to choose between her powers and her one true love.
25558.0	0.0	On the eve of a revolution in an East European country, Dr. Daniel Pavenic  sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant. His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.
33630.0	1.0	Mike , a recent transplant to Los Angeles, has broken up with his long-time girlfriend of six years and is still having trouble letting go and moving on. His friend Trent  takes him on an overnight trip to Las Vegas in an attempt to get him back in the game. Trent picks up a cocktail waitress  and her actress friend , but Mike's obsession with his ex-girlfriend spoils the one-night stand. Back in Los Angeles, Mike attends various Hollywood and Los Feliz hot spots, including The Derby, The Dresden Room and the Hollywood Hills Coffee Shop, while his friends, Rob , Charles  and Sue  coach him on the rules of seduction. Mike makes several awkward attempts at speaking to women, but they all end disastrously. Along the way, the group discusses movies, video games, and their floundering careers in show business. When Mike learns to accept himself and eschew the pretenses and self-promotion involved in the Hollywood dating scene, he finally connects with a beautiful girl named Lorraine ([[Heather Graham . The next day, he gets a call from the ex-girlfriend he's been obsessed with but rejects her offer to get back together when Lorraine rings in on the other line. While discussing Mike's new situation at a diner, Trent interrupts to make a disastrous attempt at flirting with a woman nearby. As Trent tries to recover from the embarrassment, Mike smiles as the tables turn.
30194.0	1.0	"Maggie  has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim . However, Maggie's mother Lila  and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian. Maggie's freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret. However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie's family to a host of new experiences, many of which are ""better than chocolate"". The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances."
20205.0	0.0	"Set in the 1940s in Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, it tells the story of a young girl living in a coal mining town where the death of men from accidents in ""the pit""  has become almost routine. Margaret MacNeil  has already lost her father and an older brother and for her, life alone would be preferable to marrying a mine worker—that is until the charming Neil Currie  shows up. Against the wishes of her hard-bitten mother  they marry, but before long financial woes lead to his doing what every other uneducated young man does in the town: take a job underground. His death in the mine drives Margaret to a mental breakdown and in her surreal world she decides to create a ""special"" museum to the memories of all those who have died as a result of the horrific mining conditions."
25519.0	1.0	Clifford Godfrey is a doll house designer who is dumped by his fiance a few hours before they are to depart for a vacation in Mexico. Clare Enfield, a travel agent, informs Godfrey that his tickets are non-refundable. Upset, Godfrey goes to a bar where he meets Amanda Hughes, a drunk party girl, who agrees to travel along with Godfrey. When Hughes sobers, she continually flirts with and then rejects Godfrey. During a stay in a hotel, Godfrey meets up with Enfield again who is photographing a travel brochure. They begin a romance, only to have it disturbed by Hughes.
1948.0	1.0	After receiving a well-earned certification from a sheltered boarding school, Carla Tate , an ambitious and mildly mentally challenged autistic young woman, returns home to her over-protective mother Elizabeth . Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her daughter's disability. During family discussions, Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude. Her wisdom-hard-won father Radley  is a dentist and . Carla's ambition is to seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from a trade school. When Carla meets another mentally challenged student, Daniel McMann , they become friends and soon fall in love. Envying Danny's freedom, Carla convinces her parents she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own apartment. After a time, Carla and Danny become sexually active together. Danny's independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence money. Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed comes with a staggering cost. Danny gets drunk, then seeks solace and insight  from his landlord and friend, Ernie . At a Christmas holiday party, nervous about his personal lot, Daniel drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for Carla, also telling everyone about their first time making love. A humiliated Carla bursts into tears, screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her. Although Daniel did not intend to embarrass Carla, she nonetheless refuses to see him. Over time, Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him again despite her mother's advising her otherwise. At her sister's wedding, Danny surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to marry him, in a scene mimicking The Graduate, the couple's favorite movie. Everyone supports their wishes except Elizabeth, who is unsure Danny can take care of himself, let alone Carla, who becomes angry, telling her mother she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her treating her like an embarrassment. Carla's father and her sisters support her decision, and the wedding is planned. At first, Elizabeth is determined not to attend; but Radley admonishes her, saying he will walk Carla down the aisle, and finally she relents. Outside the church, Danny surprises Carla with a marching band playing a song from The Music Man . . . and they are chauffeured away to their honeymoon in Ernie's prized Mustang.
11595.0	1.0	The story reveals around a triangular love between Karthik Muthuraman, Ranjitha and an English lady  during the British occupation in India. Karthik is a goldsmith's son, so he is too and Ranjitha is a gypsy woman has a poultry. At the start they both collide and very soon both falls for each other. At the same time, the braveness of Karthik is impressing the District Collector's sister's heart as well. The rest of the movie deals with how the lovers getting united with the help of the English lady
5121.0	0.0	Khanna plays Shekhar Varma, a Mumbai police inspector. He is happily married to Meena  and they have a school-age daughter. One day, Shekhar's police department receives a call saying that an editor, Ritesh Nandy, has come across incriminating evidence that could expose the wrongdoings of some very influential people. Ritesh is assigned police protection, but gets killed. The stunningly beautiful Geeta Sarabhai  presents herself as a witness to Ritesh's death, but cannot identify his killer. When her life is threatened, Shekhar and another inspector, Pramod Kadam, are assigned to protect her. In the process, Shekhar and Geeta fall in love, and Shekhar's wife Meena begins to suspect her husband is having an affair. She manages to wring a confession out of him, then promptly leaves the house and moves in with her father. In the meantime, Pramod is wounded trying to protect Geeta and is hospitalized. Shekhar discovers that Ritesh's murder is the handiwork of high-ranking police officials.
36776.0	0.0	"Ryo Saeba and Kaori Makimura are assigned to locate Shizuko Imumura, the runaway daughter of the CEO of a prominent Japanese newspaper. Kaori leaves in the middle of the search, unhappy with the way Ryo ignores her romantic feelings for him and flirts with other woman. Ryo finds Shizuko at a skateboarding park and a chase ensues, but she escapes in disguise. Shizuko boards a luxury cruise liner, the Fuji Maru, with the ticket she found in the suit she stole. Kaori also boards the ship with her lustful cousin while Ryo sneaks inside to follow her. A terrorist gang led by Donald Mac have plans to hijack it and take the rich passengers hostage with Police Officer Saeko Nogami and her buxom sidekick in pursuit. Staying next door from each other, Shizuko overhears Donald's plan. Donald discovers her and sends one of his men to kill her, but she knocks him out and escapes. She then bumps into the ship's first officer, who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist. When he attempts to silence Shizuko, Ryo, who had been staying there since his encounter with Kaori and her cousin at the swimming pool, saves her. When Donald's gang arrive, the officer is killed in the shootout while Ryo and Shizuko escape into the movie theater, where Game of Death is being shown. To beat two towering opponents, Ryo interprets Bruce Lee's techniques from the film. At the ship's casino, a party hosted by the captain is interrupted when Donald kills the captain and terrorizes the partygoers, including Saeko and her sidekick. After robbing them of their valuables, he entices the rich patrons into a sadistic card game. A few opponents are quickly disposed of until Kao Ta, a skilled card gamer who uses his cards as shurikens, joins in. When Donald is distracted by seeing Ryo and Shizuko not far away, Ta and Saeko put an end to his game. Donald's henchman Kim kidnaps Kaori and takes her to his room. When Ryo bursts in, both men fight before Donald and his men interrupt, capturing Ryo in the process. Kaori escapes, bumping into Shizuko, Saeko, and the rest of the main characters. They take down a gay terrorist trying to seduce Kaori's cousin and prepare to save Ryo. The next day, Ryo is stood before a firing squad. Shizuko, Saeko, and her sidekick interrupt the planned execution, but are forced to separate by Donald's gang. Shizuko uses her gymnastic skills to defeat one henchman, Saeko saves Ta after he runs out of cards in a fight with several terrorists, and her sidekick falls of a ledge and is left unconscious. Ryo goes into the gaming parlor with his hands still tied, but is thrown into a Street Fighter II arcade game by Kim and suffers an electric shock. This causes him to hallucinate and think Kim is Ken from the game. After two failed attempts, Ryo defeats him as Chun-Li. As a Taiwanese counter-terrorism unit, the ""Thunderbolts Squad"", arrives and take his men out, Donald blows up bombs he had set up all over the ship and takes Kaori hostage at the casino. When Ryo and Saeko arrive, he injures both women and starts a long fight with Ryo. Donald is thrown into the stage and dies when he accidentally steps on his remote, setting off the bombs behind the T.V. panels. Ryo and Kaori find Shizuko and return her to her father. He speaks to Ryo privately, seeing him as a future husband to Shizuko. Listening to their conversation, Kaori leaves in anger, unaware that Ryo has declined the man's offer. Ryo finds her and tries to apologize with a rose, but then Saeko drives up and flirts with him. He gives her the rose instead and furious, Kaori smashes him through the air with a hammer. Ryo wakes up in his recurring dream with beautiful women at the pool."
10070.0	1.0	Sweety  lives with her mother, maternal grandmother  and grandfather . She is very rebellious, emotional and high-strung, and does not get along well with her classmates in school. All she knows is that she is not permitted to talk about her dad at home. She finds out that he is in Seychelles, Nairobi, South Africa, and runs away there. When she gets to Seychelles, she can't find her dad, whom she has been so anxious to meet. One link is the death of marine archeologist Mr. Gandhibhai who only know where her dad is. Coincidentally her dad is in the hotel which she is living. He is living with another woman, Swati Sinha, who had divorced another male. Her dad is not at all thrilled to have a teenage daughter come and interrupt his life and affairs. At Seychelles, Sweety meets Rohit Dixit  and they fall in love with each other. Mr. Anand and Sweety have developed a father-daughter relationship, unknown to the fact that they are related. Later, the story has several twists, which ultimately ends on a happy note.
28975.0	0.0	{{Expand section}} Billy , is a well dressed bank robber who decides to do one last heist so he can sail off to a tropical island with his girlfriend, Selina . On his last robbery, he forgets to destroy a surveillance camera. He then must hide out in the Heartbreak Hotel until he can get out of trouble.
10321.0	0.0	"After opening with a brief, seemingly irrelevant scene of a suitcase on an airport carousel, the story quickly focuses on a Paris divorce court where Karol Karol  is pleading with the judge &mdash; the same legal proceedings that Juliette Binoche's character briefly stumbled upon in Blue. The immigrant Karol, despite his difficulty in understanding French, is made to understand that his wife Dominique  does not love him. The grounds for divorce are humiliating: Karol was unable to consummate the marriage. Along with his wife, he loses his means of support , his legal residency in France, and the rest of his cash in a series of mishaps, and is soon a beggar. He only retains a 2 franc coin. In a Paris Métro station, performing songs for spare change, Karol meets and is befriended by another Pole, Mikołaj . While Karol has lost his wife and his property, Mikołaj is married and successful, he offers Karol a job consisting of killing someone who wants to be dead but does not have enough courage to do it himself. Through a hazardous scheme, Mikołaj helps him return to Poland hidden in the suitcase shown at the beginning of the film, which is later stolen by employees at the airport. He returns to working as a hairdresser with his brother .Stuhr and Zamachowski also played brothers in the tenth episode of The Decalogue, likewise a comedy about a money-making scheme. Karol takes a job as a bodyguard in a seemingly innocent cash exchange office. Mikołaj meets Karol in a Warsaw Metro tunnel for the execution of the ""suicide"", it turns out to be that Mikołaj is the intended victim and asks Karol to kill him. Karol shoots a blank into Mikołaj's chest and asks him if he really wants to go through with it as the next bullet is real. Mikołaj refuses and is able to feel alive again. Using his position as a deceptively foolish bodyguard, Karol spies on his bosses and discovers their scheme to purchase different pieces of land that they knew were going to be targeted by big companies for development and resell for large profits. Karol beats them to it, and then tells his ex-bosses that if they kill him all his estate shall go to the Church, and they are therefore forced to purchase all the land from him. With the money he gained from this scheme and with the payment from Mikołaj, the two go into business  together. Karol becomes ruthlessly ambitious, focusing his energies on money-making schemes while learning French and brooding over his wife's abandonment. He uses his new financial influence in a world where, as several characters observe, ""you can buy anything"" to execute a complex scheme to first win back Dominique, and then destroy her life by faking his own death after which she is imprisoned for his 'murder'. The final image of the film shows Karol staring at Dominique through the window of her prison cell, while crying."
23803.0	1.0	Eddie Hopper is a construction contractor from Long Island, New York, with two grown daughters. One of them, Betsy, is about to be married. Money is tight in the Hopper household, but Eddie, much to the distress of his wife, Lola, decides that it is important to throw a lavish wedding to impress the well-off family of the man Betsy is to marry. Everyone in the family is throwing advice Eddie's way, even the ghost of his father. A new house Eddie is building is adding to his financial and emotional woes. In desperation, he turns to his crooked brother-in-law, Oscar, who ends up getting Eddie involved with loan sharks. A young man named Stevie Dee is sent to keep an eye on Eddie, but instead turns his gaze to Connie Hopper, who is not only a police officer but the other daughter of the father of the bride.
17688.0	1.0	The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo.
7324.0	0.0	"The film tells the story of Irish-Catholic Fitzpatrick brothers, Mickey  and Francis  and the tribulations of love, family and betrayal. Mickey is a New York City cab driver, unhappy over an act of infidelity by Heather , his ex-fiancée. Francis is a Wall Street stock investor, who unknown to his wife, Renee , is having an affair. While driving his cab Mickey picks up Hope , a girl with whom he becomes infatuated and impulsively marries that same week. This causes consternation for his brother, largely because he was not asked to be best man at the wedding. Mickey moves in with Hope, but later becomes disillusioned with aspects of their lifestyle, including frequent power cuts in their ramshackle apartment. Francis is also having problems in his marriage. He is concerned that he is being unfair to Heather, his mistress, the very same woman Mickey left, by continuing to stay with Renee. Renee's family suggest the problem may be that he is gay, so she has Mickey and their father Frank  confront him about it. He denies being gay, but admits to being unfaithful. Meanwhile, Francis' arrogance leads him to take potshots at his brother for the apparent lack of forward progression in his life with his wife, while Francis argues with Heather about her own sexual infidelity with a much older man referred to as ""Papa"". One day, Mickey picks up Heather in his cab and goes up to her apartment to retrieve a television that belonged to him during their relationship. Heather responds by demanding Mickey's watch, which she purchased as a gift. Mickey relents, which she implies she wants more from him, but he does not reciprocate, instead reminds her of her affair, and her previous profession. Throughout all this their father offers advice to both sons. Then Frank learns during a fishing trip with the church's pastor that his supposedly highly religious wife hasn't been to Mass in months. On a visit to his mistress's apartment Francis learns that Mickey and Heather have recently met. Francis makes an unexpected visit to his brother's apartment and questions Mickey about his visit with Heather. They get into an argument over whether or not Mickey had sex with Heather. Later, Mickey discovers that she is the woman Francis has been having an affair with. The revelation escalates to an argument in their parents' home, during a birthday dinner for their father. In an attempt to settle the dispute, Frank takes both Francis and Mickey outside and ties boxing gloves on each, with the intent of having them fight out their differences. Mickey proves the victor. Eventually, Francis confronts Renee and files for divorce, in order to marry Heather. When Mickey finds out about the impending marriage, he informs Francis that Heather was once a prostitute. This causes Francis to get cold feet and angers Heather. She tells Mickey that she thought that he didn't have a problem with her prior choice of employment, and Mickey says that he doesn't, but Francis may, and that he has a right to know. Meanwhile, Hope has already dropped a bomb on Mickey: she is moving to Paris very soon. On a visit to the bar where Hope works, Mickey discovers that Connie , one of Hope's co-workers, claims to have had a special relationship with Hope before the marriage. Later Hope tells Mickey she is unsure if he should come to Paris after all, and their relationship appears to be about to break up. Due to Francis' indecision over marriage in light of the news that Heather was a prostitute, Heather decides to marry ""Papa"", the older man she has been seeing. When Francis threatens to tell Papa that Heather was a prostitute, Heather tells Francis that Papa was ""her best customer"". He then calls Renee in hopes of getting back together with her. But she is already in another relationship with Scott Sherman, a mutual acquaintance whom Francis had made fun of in an earlier scene. In the final scenes of the film, Mickey, Francis and their father Frank prepare to go fishing, only Mickey decides it would be better if he tried to have one last talk with Hope before she leaves America. Only their father has arranged a surprise guest - Hope. The movie ends with Hope asking to drive the boat, but Frank, aware that women are rarely allowed on board, says it is too soon for that."
6634.0	1.0	A social-issue comedy about the romantic lives of a middle-class couple. Their relationship is followed through their wedding, break-up and reconciliation.Synopsis from {{cite web}}
11761.0	0.0	"John Candy plays Jack Gable, a nearly out-of-work soap opera writer, whose product, like him, is now dated. The show he produces, All My Dreams, takes place in Ashford Falls, a wealthy, sleepy suburb of New York City. Laura  plays Rachel Hedison, a woman who stops at nothing to acquire wealth and power. Jack's situation is only worsened by his despicable work associates who would sooner show him the door than work with him. Behind his back, they commission Arnie Federman, another writer, to rewrite his script, setting one of the themes for the movie. His associates want to write Laura out of the script due to the high cost of keeping her on the cast. They attempt to create a new character, Janet DuBois , to replace her and will be less costly with a new actress. Meanwhile, Jack has a one-sided infatuation with Laura, who humors and uses him but has no romantic interest in him. A fight with her boyfriend, however, leads her to call and ask to accompany him on a weekend trip to Vermont. He melts to the suggestion and as he loads her luggage in his Oldsmobile sedan's trunk, she makes up with her boyfriend and, as they kiss passionately on the sidewalk, the trunk lid suddenly pops open and strikes Jack on the chin, knocking him unconscious. When he awakens, he proceeds on his trip, only to be involved in a car accident. Upon waking from the crash, Jack finds himself in Ashford Falls Community Hospital, the same one in which his soap opera takes place. Thinking himself the victim of a prank by the actors, he goes to the window to confirm his suspicions, only to find the view beyond the glass is entirely of his own creation. Incredulous, he checks out of the hospital and makes his way to a motel, where he looks into getting his car repaired. When a conversation with the local auto mechanic  goes nowhere, he types in his typewriter that the mechanic calls him and tells him his radiator is fixed, only to have the words magically disappear from the page. A few seconds later, the phone rings and he suddenly finds out that his car is fixed. At this point he begins to explore the town, and in doing so he discovers that he is living within his own soap opera, a world in which he and his typewriter can control events. However, so can Arnie Federman in the ""real world,"" which causes events to roll back and forth as he and Jack rewrite events back and forth, creating paradox after paradox. Jack seizes his newfound power to pursue Rachel. Despite his inventive writing skills, she manages to ignore him, yet his futile efforts are redeemed by the attentions of Janet Dubois . Other events ensue, in which he experiences the height of the high life, the lowest of the low, the full gamut of experiences, including a wild party which he wrote. The film ends with him getting together with the woman who played Janet, and getting the show produced how he wanted it to be."
7471.0	0.0	"While observing the peaceful Ba'ku people on their planet, Lieutenant Commander Data  appears to malfunction, revealing the hidden presence of the joint Federation and Son'a task force to the Ba'ku. Admiral Matthew Dougherty requests the help of the starship USS Enterprise-E to help capture or disable Data. Admiral Dougherty's allies, the Son'a, are a decrepit race using various medical techniques to cheat death, repeated face lift surgeries giving them a mummified appearance. After stopping Data, USS Enterprise captain Jean-Luc Picard becomes suspicious of Dougherty's insistence that the Enterprise is no longer needed, and his crew investigates the cause for Data's malfunction. They discover that the Ba'ku are technologically advanced but have opted to live in harmony with nature. Due to unique radiation or ""metaphasic particles"" in their world's rings, they are essentially immortal. The Enterprise crew also begins to experience the rejuvenation effects of the planet; La Forge finds his eyes have regenerated, and he no longer requires implants, William Riker and Deanna Troi rekindle their long-abandoned relationship, and Picard develops a romantic relationship with the Ba'ku woman Anij. Picard and his team discover a cloaked Federation ship containing a gigantic holodeck recreating the Ba'ku village; Data's malfunction was due to a Son'a attack when he previously discovered the vessel. Confronting Dougherty with his discovery, Picard learns Federation officers and the Son'a plan to relocate the Ba'ku on the ship while they collect the planet's radiation to further Federation science, destroying the planet in the process. Dougherty orders Enterprise to leave, but Picard tells Riker to let the Federation know what is occurring while he and others beam down to the planet and evacuate the Ba'ku, all agreed that the moral crimes that would be committed to acquire the healing radiation are not worth the medical benefits that would result. With the Enterprise crew following a mineral deposit that disrupts conventional transporter locking systems, the Son'a send out robotic probes to tag and transport the fleeing Ba'ku, while their leader Ahdar Ru'afo convinces Dougherty to allow two Son'a ships to attack the Enterprise. Riker is able to narrowly stop their attack and escape. With their plan exposed, Ru'afo insists that they must begin to harvest the radiation immediately, only to have Picard deliver a revelation: the Son'a and the Ba'ku are the same race. The Son'a are a breakaway faction of younger Ba'ku who a century previously, wanted to give up their bucolic existence and re-embrace the use of technology. Tensions escalated until they attempted to take over the colony, but when they failed the elders exiled them from the planet and its regenerative radiation, dooming them to perish slowly. The Son'a have spent the past century since trying  to preserve their lives through artificial means. This accounts for their altered appearance and reckless attempt to harvest the radiation. Dougherty is killed by the Son'a when he refuses to allow Ru'afo's scheme to continue. Picard, Anij, and several Ba'ku are transported onto the Son'a ship. After convincing one of the Son'a, Gallatin, to help him, Picard masterminds a ruse to transport Ru'afo and the Son'a to the giant holoship, delaying the destructive metaphasic process. Ru'afo discovers the trick and transports to the Radiation Harvester ship to start it manually. Picard follows him and manages to activate the self-destruct, destroying the Harvester and killing Ru'afo. The remaining Son'a are welcomed back by the Ba'ku who forgive their actions; Picard arranges a meeting between Gallatin and his mother. The Enterprise crew take a moment to enjoy their rejuvenated selves before returning to their mission."
25159.0	1.0	Starting in 1951, Faye Price is a famous Hollywood actress who, while entertaining the troops during the Korean War, falls in love with Ward Thayer, a rich heir. Seven years later, they are married, with four children. Ward loses his job and considers suicide, but Faye offers to start acting again. Originally, this upsets Ward, because he wasn't fond of moving to Fairfax, California. On the set of her new movie, the director and producer fight each other and the director eventually leaves the set. Faye offers to direct the scene herself. At first, nobody thinks she will be able to, but she turns out to direct the scene with a lot of success. She is soon offered directing jobs at television series, including Zane Grey Theater. Meanwhile, her home life is less fortunate. Ward has been depressed since going bankrupt and he has started an affair. When Faye finds out, she immediately kicks him out of the house. However, she soon agrees to give him another chance and they decide to work together on films as director and producer. Their film debut becomes a blockbuster success with positive reviews and she is contracted by Universal. Years later, their children have grown up. Lionel is a student, hoping to be a photographer one day, Greg is still in school and wants to become a football player, Valerie is an actress waiting for her big break and Anne is the quiet youngest sister. Greg admits his grades aren't good enough and that he dropped out of school to join the army. Lionel shocks his parents by admitting he is homosexual. Faye is surprised, but accepts the news. Ward, however, is outraged and cuts him out of his life, with forbidding his other children to ever contact him again. Anne is furious and decides to run away. Faye is devastated, but can't afford to quit her job and look for her. Soon, Greg announces he will serve for the army in Vietnam. The entire family comes together to say goodbye, but Ward refuses to speak to Lionel. Later, Faye receives a phone call from the police, informing her that Anne has been arrested for drug possession. Faye picks her up and is shocked to find out she is pregnant. Ward convinces her to try to make her give up her child. Anne is in tears after giving birth, but reluctantly agrees to give up the baby for adoption. Tragedy reaches the Thayer family when it is announces that Greg died in Da Nang, only a few days before peace was declared. At the funeral, Ward finally acknowledges his now only son Lionel, but still has trouble accepting that he is gay. Meanwhile, Faye is nominated for an Oscar. Valerie is jealous of her mother's success and they get into a fight when she announces she dropped out of UCLA for the lead role in a cheap horror film, for which she is required to go nude. The Oscar nomination takes all of Faye's time. This makes Anne feel very neglected and she starts to hang out at her friend's place a lot. During this time, she bonds with the father of this family, Bill O'Hara. Faye finally decides to forgive Ward and they reunite. Soon, the Thayer family deal with a second tragedy, when Lionel and his boyfriend John get into a car accident. Lionel survives, but John dies. He has trouble dealing with his loss and spends all his time working as a photographer. Later, Anne upsets her parents by admitting she is dating the much older Bill. Ward is furious and confronts Bill with the fact he is seeing a 17-year-old girl. However, Anne and Bill are still determined to marry and it doesn't take long before she gets pregnant again. Meanwhile, Valerie finally gets her big break, when she is given the second lead role in her mother's newest film project. The lead player, George Waterson, at first treats her badly, because he thinks she is a horrible actress. However, she eventually wins his heart and they start a secret relationship. Lionel finds love as well, with Paul Steel, a drug addicted actor who was recently fired. In the end, the movie directed by Faye and starring Valerie becomes a great success and Val enjoys her overnight stardom. Later, Anne gives birth to a son. The labor and baby reminds me of her first pregnancy and she blames her mother for having given up her first baby. Ten years later, Val makes Anne realize that Faye was actually a great mother, but didn't have a lot of time. Anne tries to apologize, but she is too afraid. Suddenly, Faye dies. Anne feels guilty for not having apologized, but Ward assures her that Faye knew how much she loved her.
15097.0	1.0	A series of unrelated amorous lovers are connected by a chain of desire. It begins when a woman named Alma flees from a would-be lover. She runs into a church, where she meets a man named Jesus and they eventually make love. Jesus goes home to wife Isa and they make love. Isa leaves for an appointment with Dr. Buckley, with whom she is having an affair. Buckley then visits Linda, a dominatrix. Linda goes home to husband Hubert, a television commentator. Hubert has sex without her knowledge with a male teen, Keith. Keith is introduced to exotic dancer Diana, who then has a fling with a much older artist, Mel. He goes home to an angry wife, Cleo. And that night, all of these people end up at a nightclub where Alma is performing. Alma has just learned that the lover she fled has been diagnosed with AIDS.
36972.0	1.0	"Kate  is a fastidious and wholesome history teacher living in Canada with her fiancé, Charlie , who is a doctor. While waiting for her Canadian citizenship to come through, Kate has been busy planning their wedding and the purchase of their first house, complete with a white picket fence. Charlie urges Kate to accompany him to Paris for an upcoming business trip, but she declines due to her fear of flying and her general intolerance for cheeses, secondhand smoke, and the French. Kate's plans for the future are interrupted by a drunken phone call from Charlie who informs her that he has fallen in love with a beautiful French ""goddess"" named Juliette  and that he will not be returning. Determined to win him back, Kate boards a flight to Paris, despite her fear of flying, and is seated next to a crude Frenchman, Luc Teyssier , whose every word during the seven-hour flight seems to annoy her. Luc is a petty thief who is smuggling a vine cutting and a stolen diamond necklace into France hoping to use both to start his own vineyard. Despite the uncomfortable and sarcastic banter throughout the flight, Kate, with the help of a few drinks, is able to tolerate her ""rude"" and ""hygiene deficient"" seating partner long enough to arrive safely in Paris. Before deboarding, however, Luc sneaks the vine and necklace into Kate's bag, knowing she would not be searched at customs, and then offers Kate a ride into Paris. At the terminal, Luc is spotted by Inspector Jean-Paul Cardon  who insists on giving Luc a ride during which he searches his bag. The inspector feels protective of Luc who once saved his life. Meanwhile, Kate makes it on her own to the Hôtel George V where she encounters new levels of French sarcasm and rudeness from the concierge. While waiting in the lobby to confront Charlie, she meets a petty thief named Bob. When she finally sees Charlie and Juliette kissing in an elevator, Kate faints, and Bob steals her bag. Luc arrives, steals a car, and together they track down Bob and the missing bag. Upset at having lost all her money and her passport, Kate argues with Luc and they go their separate ways. Kate soon learns that Charlie and Juliette are headed south to Cannes to meet her parents before the wedding. Meanwhile, after realizing the necklace is still in Kate's bag, Luc tracks her down, offers to help her ""win back Charlie"", and together they board a train to Cannes. Along the way, Luc attempts to search her bag but is unsuccessful. After the lactose intolerant Kate samples some of the 452 official government cheeses of France, she becomes sick and they get off the train at Luc's hometown of La Ravelle in Paulhaguet. They stay at Luc's family home, surrounded by a beautiful vineyard where Kate learns about Luc's past and how he gambled away his vineyard birthright to his brother in a single hand of poker. Kate also learns that Luc knows a lot about wines. Gradually the two grow closer, and after Luc searches the bag and comes up empty, he agrees that he will help Kate. At Cannes, the inspector approaches Kate and urges her to convince Luc to return the stolen necklace anonymously to avoid jail. Luc, who is planning to sell the necklace at Cartier, agrees to Kate's plan to have her sell the necklace. Meanwhile, Luc is busy instructing Kate on how to win back her lost fiancé. To make Charlie jealous, Luc pretends to be Kate's lover when they meet Charlie and Juliette on the beach, and the deception works. At dinner, Charlie apologizes to Kate and later tries to seduce her in her room, but she rejects his advances, realizing she no longer wants him—she is in love with Luc. Meanwhile, in an effort to ""ensure victory"" for Kate, Luc attempts to seduce Juliette, but she walks out after he calls her ""Kate"" by mistake. The following morning at Cartier, Kate returns the stolen necklace to the inspector and purchases a Cartier check for $45,782 with her own savings to create the illusion that she actually sold the necklace. After giving the check to Luc, Kate leaves for the airport pretending to meet Charlie. Soonafter, the inspector approaches Luc and reveals the charade and all that Kate has done for him. When he realizes that Kate will not be returning to Charlie, Luc rushes to the airport, boards the airplane, and confesses that he's in love with her and wants her to stay with him. Sometime later, Luc and Kate embrace each other in their beautiful new vineyard."
10710.0	0.0	"Sarah Gomartin comes with her mother Martha to keep house for a widower and his two grown sons, on their farm in Northern Ireland in 1909. After Hamilton Echlin Sr. dies in a boating accident, Sarah's mother, dismayed by his sons' and her own daughter's refusal to attend church and behave in a manner she approves of, leaves the household, but Sarah stays on as housekeeper, and eventually takes first taciturn younger brother Frank  and then amiable elder brother Hamilton , as lovers. When she becomes pregnant and refuses to marry either man or even specify which is the father of the boy she delivers, the local minister  is deeply unsettled by her indifference to convention. She rebuffs his attempts to make her conform and give the child ""a name"" by declaring that all clergy want is for people's lives, however ""botched inside,"" to appear ""smooth to the eye--like lazy work."" The community seems only mildly censorious of the relationship between the three, but when Frank yearns for a woman all his own and makes overtures to a local girl, her male relatives beat him savagely in retaliation, crippling him. The film then moves forward in time: Sarah's children  plead with her to marry, as her stubborn unconventionality makes it impossible for them to be completely accepted by the local community. Realizing that her daughter's happiness is at stake, Sarah relents and marries Hamilton."
29533.0	0.0	Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown  kidnaps a young tap dancer named Layla  and forces her to pretend to be his wife. Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression. The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991.It's Super Bowl loser Norwood's unlucky number. Here's why... Gary Imlach, The Guardian, January 7, 2007.
25362.0	0.0	Chintamani and Ponnumani are sweethearts who spend their childhood together in a village. Chintamani goes off to pursue education but she and Ponnumani remain devoted to each other. Sivakumar, who dotes on Ponnumani wants to see them happily married It is decided that they marry once Chintamani's exams are over. Ponnumani, who has been waiting all his life for this moment sets off eagerly to receive Chintamani at the station. He is shocked to find her in a mentally unbalanced state. Later on he learns that she has been raped by a rich brat and is pregnant. Though overwhelmed with grief, he tries to arrange Chintamani's marriage with the rapist. When the latter shows no remorse for his act, and tries to kill Chintamani, Ponnumani kills him and is sentenced for 5 years He is reunited with Chintamani  and her daughter. All the characters stand out in their roles. The lighthearted moments are provided by Manorama, Goundamani, Senthil and Vadivelu
17104.0	0.0	The film begins with Martha Alston  in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican prison. The investigators call her Mrs. Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed murder on her wedding day. Some time ago, at her younger sister's wedding, Martha is pestered by her family about when she'll get married. At work, she rejects a date with a younger co-worker, Walter . Disappointed by her dull Valentine's Day blind date, Martha goes home to sulk in front of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted to get out of the house. Martha goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the jukebox. She bends down to get it, then a man shows up and selects the same song Martha would have chosen. The man is Whitman Crawford , and they instantly hit it off. They go back to his house and have sex. Whitman says he's a poet and an investor. He reads Martha one of his poems. Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses them. But by the time Martha meets Whitman's mother, Martha has become convinced Whitman is not Mr. Right at all. Whitman's ex-girlfriend Inga  and her accomplice Bob  harass Martha. Inga refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman. Whitman refuses to believe it either, and begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in increasingly ridiculous ways. Whitman even buys off Martha's private investigator  and abducts Martha to Mexico to marry her there. Walter shows up to rescue Martha from the wedding, but trips. His gun falls into Martha's hand and she shoots Whitman. Then she's arrested, and the investigators conclude that she murdered Whitman. Walter springs her out of jail and explains that it was Inga who shot Whitman. Walter and Martha ride a horse West towards the sunset. Title cards over this scene explain that they eventually turned North towards the American border, that Inga and Bob get married and open a pet store in Albuquerque, and that Whitman continues his search for love.
2932.0	1.0	"Giles De'Ath  is a British writer who doesn't use or understand anything modern. One day, he forgets his keys and locks himself out of his flat. It begins to rain, so he goes to see an E. M. Forster movie but, instead, accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen flick Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock . He becomes instantly infatuated with Ronnie's beauty and obsessed with the young actor. He goes to his movies in the cinema, buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him, and buys a VCR and TV in order to play rented video tapes of his movies. He lets his housekeeper come into his office less and less, so that he can do these things undisturbed. As he becomes more and more infatuated, it becomes more obvious to those around him that Giles is becoming disturbed, though they don't know why. His friend and agent suggests that he take a holiday. Giles sets out to meet Ronnie in Long Island, New York. He flies to Long Island and takes a train to Ronnie's home town where he takes a motel room for several weeks. He searches the town for Ronnie - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie's girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket. Giles rams his shopping cart ""accidentally"" into the girlfriend and makes up a story about his god-daughter, Abigail, being in love with Ronnie. The girlfriend, Audrey , is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base for Ronnie in England, and spends the day talking to Giles. She then tells him that she and Ronnie will invite him over at another time, and they can talk about Ronnie's career. Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor at Ronnie and Audrey's house. Ronnie is flattered by Giles, and Giles is able to stay longer in his presence by claiming that he will write a new script for Ronnie, one that better suits his acting abilities. Audrey becomes suspicious of Giles's motives regarding Ronnie, and she tells Giles that she is taking Ronnie to see her parents for an extended visit. Giles is very upset, and in a last-ditch effort, he confronts Ronnie and tells him how he feels about him. He says that many artists have had younger male lovers, and that Ronnie should split up with Audrey because it is obvious to him  that it won't last. Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned for him. Giles goes back to England, and from the cinema watches Ronnie's next film: another Hotpants College movie."
17111.0	0.0	"The movie opens with Isabella Ford  in a pathetic state, traveling alone from Selmouth to Addisford on foot although she will be having a baby in a short while. In a deserted cabin on the way, she gives birth to a stillborn baby. She buries it and continues her journey to Addisford. She arrives there late in the evening and meets Ben Wainwright ([[Tom Bell , the lamplighter at Addisford. He asks her about herself and if she has any relatives in Addisford. Bella replies that she does not have any and she came looking for a man by the name of Arch Wilson . Ben does not know him and seeing her plight, takes her to his house. She tells his wife  to get Bella washed up. Bella, now clean and dry, sits at the dinner table while Ben introduces his family. Ben has three children. Matty ([[Kenneth Anderson , Con  and Jedd . Matty, the youngest, is a shoemaker, Jedd is a soldier  and Con does not have a specific profession. He does the household chores and helps his parents around. Throughout the movie, Con is shown to be reserved and introvert with a violent temper, although kind at heart. Bella is unable to eat any thing during the dinner, starts crying and faints when she stands up to go to bed. Mrs. Wainwright puts Bella to bed and feeds her some soup after a while. Bella refuses to have more and falls asleep. She wakes up in the midnight and remembers the intimate moments with her lover, Arch. She falls asleep again and wakes up in the morning. From the window, she sees Mr and Mrs. Wainwright seeing off Jedd, who is going back to work. Jedd sees Bella at the window and winks at her. Jedd had already been smitten by Bella during the previous night's dinner. After Jedd is gone, Bella prepares to leave. Mrs. Wainwright gives Bella her daughter's coat and tells her that she died of Rheumatic fever, 3 years ago. She asks about Bella's family and learns that she has nowhere to go. She tells her that she can stay and she will have to do her share of household work, if she chooses to stay. She also suggests she fetch leather from the factory for the shoes. Bella agrees to stay. That evening, Bella takes some shoes  to Matty in order to have a sock put in them since they are large for her feet. Matty tells her that it can't be done as the shoes are ""cheap Yankee ones"" and machine made. Bella is slightly surprised on hearing that the shoes are cheap. Matty tells her that he will make her a new pair. Matty is ambitious and wants to got to London where hand made shoes fetch a lot of money. The next day, Bella leaves for Aylesburgh to fetch leather. Con secretly follows Bella and when confronted by her, asks her if she would like to come out with him, sometimes. Bella tells him that she has no mind to go out with anyone. Con asks her to forget that he asked her out and leaves. One day, Jedd arrives and is received at the station by his parents and Bella. Jedd and Bella go for a walk into the woods where Jedd flirts with her and she rejects his advances tactfully. That evening, Jedd and Ben get drunk at the pub. Arch is also seen at the pub but they don't know him. Late in the evening, Arch drops off Jedd and Ben at their house and drives away before Bella could see him. Jedd continues to flirt will Bella even at the house and Con does not like it. The next day, crop harvest begins and the entire family goes to work in the fields. During the break from work in the afternoon, Jedd insists that Bella  is not comfortable and takes her to a more shady spot by carrying her in his hands in spite of Bella's polite protests. Jedd also forcefully offers her water and Con, who can't take it anymore, attacks Jedd with a scythe. Jedd retaliates with a rake. Mrs. Wainwright intervenes and disperses them. She also scolds Bella as she was the reason for the fight. That night, the squire arranges a dinner party for all the villagers and Bella dances with each of the brothers in turn. During Con's turn, he steps on her foot as he is not a good dancer, hurting her. They get away from the crowd and Bella asks him why he fought Jedd. He tells her that Jedd did not listen to her and continued to offer her water which made him angry. She requests Con to watch his temper as she does not want any troubles in the family which took her in. The next day, Bella sees Jedd off at the station and also finds Arch there. She follows him to his house and learns that he is married and has a child. She returns home dejected. She decides to leave Addisford and Mrs. Wainwright does not protest. When Con arrives home, his mother tells him that Bella is gone. He runs to the station and tries to convince Bella to stay. Bella tells him that she had been with another man and tells about the baby. Con replies that he loves her and her past does not matter. Bella returns home and Mrs. Wainwright receives her coldly. The next day, as they are sitting for breakfast, Mrs. Wainwright announces that Matty had left for London. During the breakfast, Con suddenly proposes to Bella before his parents. Ben is surprised but Mrs. Wainwright isn't. That day, Con and Bella attend a party where she runs into Arch. He tries to talk to her but she avoids him. The next day, Con takes Bella for boating in the river and there, they meet Arch again. Arch provokes Con by making fun of them and when the bullying gets worse, Con, in a fit of rage, kills Arch in spite of Bella's attempts to stop him. Both Con and Bella flee Addisford to reach Selmouth. During the night they take refuge in a deserted house far from Addisford. Con is disgusted with himself and scared. Bella comforts him and they make love. The next day, they continue on their way to Selmouth where they will be taking a boat to leave for Dublin. In Selmouth, Con notices that Bella is acquainted with a lot of men and he becomes suspicious of her. At one point, when he sees Bella taking to the captain of the boat, he has visions of the captain and Bella kissing, laughing at him and he slapping Bella hard on the face. He realizes that he can't live with Bella due to his critical mentality. He tells her that he is going to turn himself in as he can't live with the guilt  and asks her to say goodbye. Bella protests violently, but he leaves and turns himself in. On the day of his execution, when Bella comes to visit him, she runs into his family. Mrs. Wainwright tries to attack her yelling ""Damn you, Damn you!!"". Bella sees Con for the last time, they don't talk much, but in the end are overcome with emotion and hug each other. Bella bids goodbye to him. Con is hanged as Bella is on the train to Selmouth. In the closing scene, Bella is shown standing on the boat deck, on her way to Dublin. She touches her stomach and smiles slightly to herself which suggests that she is pregnant with Con's child."
7294.0	0.0	Jane Eyre  is the plain, impoverished young woman who is hired by Mr. Rochester  through Mrs. Fairfax  to work as a governess for Adele . Despite her mild unprepossessing manner more like a nun, Jane has strong internal passions and shows her strength in character in expressing her opinions and showing resolve in times of trouble. Rochester is the Byronic anti-hero who is tortured and tormented by family troubles, past injustices and secrets. Rochester and Jane find an affinity for each other and fall in love. The marriage date is set. What she does not realize is that she must share the estate  with his wife, Bertha ([[Maria Schneider , who is mentally ill and kept locked away in an upstairs attic with a nurse, Grace Poole . The marriage is stopped by Bertha's brother Richard Mason  and lawyer Briggs . Jane flees, her world crashing down is a nightmare. She recovers in the parsonage of her original aunt's home, discovers she is now a wealthy woman inheriting her long-lost uncle's fortune in Madeira. She gets a proposal of marriage from Parson St. John Rivers but her heart and soul is with Rochester. She goes back to find Thornfield Hall burnt down but Rochester is crippled and blinded by the fire set by his mad wife, Bertha, who has killed herself in the fire. However, Jane's love for Rochester remains undiminished; she nurses him back to health, he recovers his eyesight and they marry.
34139.0	1.0	"Newton Davis  is a struggling architect. After building his dream house for himself and his longtime girlfriend Becky , he is crushed when she refuses to marry him. He is unable to bring himself to live in the house, and leaves it abandoned and with a debt he cannot afford. Some time later, Newton meets a waitress named Gwen  at a Hungarian restaurant. Believing that she cannot speak English, he spills out his sob story about Becky and the abandoned house. After the restaurant closes, Newton learns that she merely pretended to be Hungarian. They spend some time talking and end up spending the night together. The next morning, Gwen finds that Newton has left in the middle of the night. However, he unintentionally left behind the drawing of the house he'd built for Becky. Piqued by the drawing, Gwen decides to take a bus ride out to see the house. She is charmed by it, and decides to take up residence in the empty domicile. Needing groceries, Gwen goes to the town's convenience store, where she charges her groceries to the ""Newton Davis"" account. When questioned about this, Gwen, who it becomes clear is a natural liar, says that she is Newton's wife. Gwen meets Becky, and spins a lengthy romantic story about how they fell in love, which impresses Becky. Gwen also meets Newton's parents, who are heartbroken that Newton got ""married"" without telling them, but Gwen also manages to smooth things over believably with her charm. One day, Newton travels to his hometown and is shocked to see that his house is lived in. When he finds out what Gwen has done he is initially furious, but he soon sees the potential in her being there. Gwen starts creating all sorts of opportunities for Newton: mending his relationship with his parents, helping out with his career and making Becky jealous. Newton and Gwen come to an agreement in which Gwen will help Newton get Becky, and in return she'll get all the furniture in the house. Through their time together Newton begins to rely more on Gwen beyond their agreement, and Gwen starts to feel attached to her life with Newton. It is also revealed that Gwen became a compulsive liar in order to escape from what she feels is her own inadequacy, and that she has ""changed"" her life numerous times. One night, Newton arrives home and realises that his feelings for Gwen are becoming apparent. He tells her, as she is doing laundry, that even an ugly jumper is a ""turn-on"" and, realising that he might have divulged a little fact, he tells her to tell him if there's anything that she thinks he should not wear; she denies his clothing. For the reception, Gwen uses two homeless people, Ralph and Mary, who she knew from the Budapest Cafe, to pose as her parents, to which they do successfully enough to make the town of Dobbs Mill accept their position in Gwen's life. The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which the sub-plots of Newton's career, family and affections for Becky are brought together. Annoyed with Becky for her slutty attitude, Gwen confronts her in front of everyone, accusing her of trying to win Newton back. Gwen storms out of the house in tears, and Newton follows her, thinking it is still part of the plan. Outside alone, Newton praises Gwen for her brilliance, but Gwen replies that she wanted their marriage to work and her feelings for him are apparent. Newton watches, confused, as Gwen leaves. Becky takes the opportunity to make a move on Newton, and asks him whether all of Gwen's stories were real. Newton answers that they were all true--not revealing that he lied about them--and chases after Gwen. Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board a bus to leave town. Although she resists, Newton follows her example and begins telling an outlandish romantic story of something they supposedly did, which makes Gwen decide to stay. The film ends on the note of Newton and Gwen being happily married and living together in the house, watching a house being constructed for Ralph and Mary, who are officially ""Bernie and Mary Duncle"" in the eyes of the town and Newton's family. As Newton and Gwen go into the house to have sex, the final spoken words are of Newton saying ""I love you, Gwen"" and Gwen replying, ""Actually, it's Jessica."""
25658.0	1.0	A movie about a guy whose name his Harichandra  who always lie and cheat everyone. But no matter what, nobody knows that he is a big liar and cheated and still continues to belief him. Then he met a school principal Nandhini  for a shooting purpose. Later he fall in love with her, thus he will try to do a lot of cheating and etc. to impress Nandhini . But this time Nandhini  was clever enough to identify all his lies and cheats but no matter what they still reunite again after every quarrel and fights. Quarrel and fights lasted till their wedding moment but eventually at the end only everyone know that no matter Harichandra  lies and cheats people he is still a good human being. Thus Harichandra  and Nandhini  got married and lived happily.
20003.0	0.0	"After failing one of her midterm exams in a Madrid high school, Paz Velasco decides to drop out of the academic circuit. She takes this prompt decision much to the chagrin of her father, an overbearing taxi driver. In exchange, he forces her to join him at work so she can learn the trade and earn a living. Her reconnection with the so-called ""Family"", the close-knit group of her father's co-workers, is initially uneventful. One of its members is Dani, Paz's childhood sweetheart and a young taxi apprentice about to be discharged from the military service. Upon meeting for the first time in many years, they rekindle their mutual attraction and start dating, much to the apparent satisfaction of Dani's mother Reme—a fellow cabbie who is having a secret affair with Paz's father. Reme's husband is a former taxi driver who, according to the explanations given to Paz, was shot by two drug dealers during a robbery. One of the shots left him paralyzed and the ""Family""'s visits to him in the hospital are a staple in their common social life. Aside from Dani, Velasco and Reme, this group is completed by a shady individual named Calero and a thuggish brute nicknamed ""Niño"" who seems to act as an informal henchman of sorts for the former. Paz realizes Calero is a former cop even before being told so, and their mutual distrust is vivid and ever-increasing throughout the film. From the outset, it is made clear to the audience that the ""Family"" is in fact a neo-fascist death squad whose members use their cabs to abduct non-white, immigrant, LGTB and drug-addicted costumers with murderous intent. There is also some evidence of rudimentary tactics, e.g. using code words for each ""kind"" of victim in order to lure unwitting victims to the killing box. Dani has been recently groomed into the group and partakes in their activities, although it is made apparent to the audience that he does so reluctantly. The ""Family"" seems to be generally successful in its exploits: two murders are shown on-screen, as well as a raid on a Moroccan camp during which Dani accidentally kills a man. The film does show, however, one botched attack during which the victim manages to run away unharmed. It is left unclear whether or not the group is restricted to the core members shown onscreen. It is also left unclear whether the group's activities were prompted by the attack that crippled Dani's father or it was just a casual event that fuelled them further, or whether the version given to Paz was a lie and the attack was a direct result of the group's illegal pursuits. Their activities are spontaneous and seemingly not officially sanctioned, but there are ominous references by Calero to people ""up there"" who know and approve of the group's activities, leaving the door open to speculation on a wider conspiracy. Although initially ignorant of the actions and general demeanour of the ""Family"", Paz gradually finds out the truth through a series of details and coincidences, such as a profusion of fascist and pre-democratic antics and regalia, purportedly intimate family reunions attracting skinheads and other sinister individuals and ending in massive Roman salutes, casual bigoted remarks from her father and Dani  and a disturbing pattern of codenames or ""labels"" directed at different collectivities. Paz's unassuming and long-suffering mother seems increasingly distraught at the prospect of having Dani close to her daughter, and although Paz initially blames this on his general lack of education and ambition, it becomes increasingly clear that her mother knows more than she says about him and the whole group. Once confronted with the evidence, her disgust and adamant disapproval set up a chain of events leading to the climax. The paranoid and increasingly unstable Calero, who saw her as a potential liability to the group from the very beginning, now wishes to silence Paz at all costs. He shoots  her father when he tries to stop him, and confronts her and Dani in the Retiro Park, shooting Dani, and being shot to death by Paz seconds before he is about to finish him off. The camera pans over the park as she walks away with the injured Dani, and credits roll. The fate of the rest of the group is left undisclosed."
2350.0	0.0	"Gloria  has been sent to her old hometown of Grimley to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal. She also plays the flugelhorn brilliantly, and is allowed to play with the local brass band, made up of miners from whom she must conceal her purpose. She renews a childhood romance with Andy , which soon leads to complications. It is later revealed during a confrontation between Gloria and the management of the colliery that the decision to close the colliery had been made two years previously, and that this was to have gone ahead regardless of the findings of her report; the report simply being a P.R. exercise to placate the miners and members of the public sympathetic to their plight. The passionate band conductor, Danny , finds he is fighting a losing battle to keep the rest of the band members committed. His son Phil  is badly in debt and becomes a clown for children's parties, but fails to prevent his wife and children walking out on him. As Danny,  collapses in the street and is hospitalised from pneumoconiosis or a similar disease, Phil, who is later revealed to be struggling with the guilt of having voted to take a lump sum rather than fight the closure of the colliery, has a breakdown while entertaining a group of children as part of a harvest festival in a church. Saying he doesn't know much about harvest festival, he offers to tell a story about God, which descends into a foul-mouthed satire about how the Tory Party was created  then, after being asked to leave, and being told ""May God forgive you."" gestures towards the effigy of Jesus on the cross and reels off a list of perceived injustices, asking ""What the bloody hell's He playing at?"" before parting with ""You've been great. My name's Coco the Scab."" Later  he attempts suicide by trying to hang himself from the girders of one of the colliery's winding towers. He is spotted, still in his clown costume, by two security guards who, it is assumed, save him. Danny, lying in a hospital bed, notices Phil's clown shoes as he is pushed by the door to his ward on a trolley. While talking in the hospital, Phil reveals to Danny that in light of the colliery's closure, the band has decided not to continue playing. With the intention that it will be their last performance, the band,  play ""Danny Boy"" late at night outside the hospital. Andy, having pawned his tenor horn, whistles along with his hands in his pockets. After they finish, they all switch off their lamps. As the colliery itself is finally closed, the band finds success in the national brass band competition. Andy wins his tenor horn back in a game of pool, and having forgiven Gloria, after she gives them the money she was paid to compile the report,  the band travel to the final at the Royal Albert Hall in London,   where they are amused by the woman on the P.A. system in the dressing room's inability to pronounce colliery, with an older band member remarking ""I bet she's glad the bugger's closed."" Before departing, Phil leaves a note for Danny, which is found on the bed by a nurse along with Danny's pajamas the next morning. The note simply says: ""WE'RE GOING!"" Danny arrives, in uniform, just in time to see the band win the competition with a stirring rendition of ""The William Tell Overture"", during which Phil notices his wife and children are in the audience. Danny refuses to accept the trophy stating that it's only human beings that matter and not music or the trophy and that ""...this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. OUR industry. And not just our industry— our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of 'progress'. And for a few lousy bob"". However, despite this moving gesture, another band member takes away the giant cup with a typical Yorkshire ""Don't talk so bloody soft"". The film ends with Andy and Gloria kissing passionately on the upper deck of an open topped bus travelling through London, while the rest of the band play Land of Hope and Glory conducted by Danny."
1676.0	0.0	"John Smith is ambushed by a group of soldiers with a warrant for his arrest and presumed dead in the ensuing confrontation; Governor Ratcliffe has lied to King James  and framed Smith as the traitor from the first film in a plot to declare war against the Powhatan Nation while avoiding punishment for his own crimes. In order to prevent this, the King sends a young diplomat, John Rolfe, to bring Chief Powhatan to England for negotiations. In the New World, Pocahontas mourns John Smith's death but is eventually able to move on. John Rolfe soon arrives, greeted by English civilians  and a curious Pocahontas. After an incident with a biased sailor, Pocahontas meets Rolfe, but is disgusted by his need to take charge; Rolfe in turn does not like Pocahontas's independent spirit. Rolfe later overhears two women talking about Pocahontas preventing a war, and assumes that ""Pocahontas"" is the name of the Chief of the Powhatans. That night, at a dance, Rolfe intrudes with a gift of a horse for ""The Mighty Pocahontas."" When Pocahontas steps forward, Rolfe finds himself in an awkward situation: the stubborn Chief will not go to England, but unless an envoy is sent, war will break out. Pocahontas volunteers, despite doubt and concern from others. Later that night, Grandmother Willow tells her to ""listen to the spirit within."" The next day, Pocahontas sets off for England with Meeko, Flit, and Percy stowing away on the ship, and a bodyguard  sent by the Chief. While on the ship, Pocahontas is nearly arrested by the captain as a stowaway, but Rolfe saves her, and they come to a truce. Upon arriving in England, Pocahontas marvels at this ""new world."" But Ratcliffe is only too happy to learn that she is there, a ""lowly woman"" instead of a chief, and hands Rolfe a proclamation signed by King James that says an Armada will sail if he is not pleased with the Powhatan ambassador. Rolfe and Pocahontas set out for his estate outside of London, where Mrs. Jenkins happily greets them and puts on tea, her trademark solution to a problem. Rolfe meets with the King, who, per Ratcliffe's suggestion, invites Pocahontas and Rolfe to The Hunt Ball. If Pocahontas can impress the King by appearing ""civilized"", the armada will not set sail, much to Rolfe's disgust. Rolfe is doubtful of the plan, but Pocahontas is determined to impress King James. Pocahontas dons a hoop skirt, high heels and a yellow ball dress, and is powdered to look white. Rolfe gives her lessons in dance and local etiquette, as well as a necklace, which she puts on in place of her mother's. She delights the King with flattery, and pleases the Queen. But during a bear-baiting , Pocahontas cannot stand by and watch the torture, and accuses the King and the laughing aristocrats of behaving like savages. James accuses Pocahontas of the same thing for defending the bear, and angrily orders Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin's arrest, per Ratcliffe's suggestion, and plans to have them beheaded. Rolfe, his hopes of peace having failed, meets a hooded stranger who aids him in breaking Pocahontas and Uttamatomakkin out of jail. At a cabin in the woods the hooded man is revealed to be John Smith, who still has feelings for Pocahontas, and wants her to stay hidden, instead of trying to stop the armada. Rolfe wants Pocahontas to listen to her heart. Smith realizes Rolfe is in love with her. Pocahontas remembers her now-married friend Nakoma's words. Willing to risk her life for her people, she washes the powder from her face, goes before the king and convinces the Queen of the truth. And when John Smith appears, the King finally realizes that Ratcliffe lied about Smith's death and there being gold in Virginia. Pocahontas, Uttamatomakkin, Smith, and Rolfe then set out to stop the Armada. After they knock most of the sailors overboard and cause the ships to crash together, Smith bests Ratcliffe in a swordfight. Ratcliffe pulls out a pistol, but Rolfe and Pocahontas stop him. Ratcliffe is met on shore by King James, who finally arrests him. Pocahontas tells Rolfe that she plans to leave for home , and the two hint at admitting they love each other. Smith interrupts, telling Pocahontas he wants to travel the world with her by his side on his newly-awarded ship. Rolfe leaves, dismayed. Pocahontas gently tells Smith that their time together is over and they must part ways. Smith wishes her well, kisses her hand one last time, and leaves. Sadly, Rolfe has vanished. As her ship leaves port, Rolfe reveals he is on board, and Pocahontas runs to his arms. Pocahontas reminds him about his duty to the King, but Rolfe says that he has a duty to honor what is in his heart. They kiss as the ship sails into the sunset."
11058.0	0.0	"Policeman Charlie Lang  is a kind and generous man who loves his job and the Queens borough of New York City where he lives. His wife Muriel  works in a hairdressing salon and, unlike Charlie, is selfish, greedy and materialistic, constantly complaining about their situation in life. Waitress Yvonne Biasi , is bankrupt because her husband Eddie , whom she could not yet afford to divorce, emptied their joint checking account and spent all the money without her permission, while also leaving her with a credit card debt of over $12,000. Charlie meets Yvonne when she waits on him at the diner where she works. Since Charlie doesn't have enough money to pay the tip, he promises to give her either double the tip or half of his prospective lottery winnings the next day. He wins $4 million  in the lottery the next day and keeps his promise, despite the protests of his wife. He and Yvonne become stars almost immediately. Yvonne buys the diner she was working in. She sets up a table with Charlie's name at which people who cannot afford food can eat for free. In another development, Charlie becomes a hero for foiling an attempted robbery at a grocery store but gets wounded in the process, forcing him to take leave from the police force. At a gathering on a chartered boat for the lottery winners and other members of high society, Muriel gets to know the newly rich Jack Gross. She flirts with him and develops a strong liking for him, which is mutual. Meanwhile, Charlie and Yvonne spend a lot of time together, on one occasion paying for the train journeys of passengers of the subway, and on another treating the children of his neighbourhood to a day out at Yankee Stadium, about which the media report. Muriel gets fed up with Charlie's constant donations and overall simplicity and throws him out of their apartment, asking for a divorce. That same evening, Yvonne leaves her apartment after her husband shows up and threatens to stay until he gets $50,000 from her. Quite innocently, Charlie and Yvonne run into each other at the Plaza Hotel and, unintentionally, end up spending the night together. During divorce proceedings between Muriel and Charlie, Muriel demands all the money that Charlie won for herself. Charlie doesn't mind giving his share of the money but Muriel also wants the money he gave Yvonne, and Charlie's steadfast unwillingness to do so causes Muriel to take the case to court. The jury decides in her favor. Yvonne, feeling guilty at costing Charlie all his money, runs out of court in tears and tries to keep away from him. But the cop, by now hopelessly in love with the waitress, finds her at the diner and tells her that the money means nothing to him, and they declare their love for each other. While ruminating about their future at the diner and considering a possible move to Buffalo, they are gracious enough to provide a hungry and poor customer some soup, which he eats at the special table. The poor customer is none other than the disguised Angel Dupree, who takes photos of the couple and in the next day's newspapers publicly eulogises their willingness to feed a hungry and poor man even in their darkest hour. Just as Charlie and Yvonne are moving out of town, the citizens of New York City, no doubt touched by the generosity of the couple, send ""the cop and the waitress"" thousands of letters with tips totaling over $600,000, enough to help pay their debts. After Muriel gets remarried, her new husband Jack Gross flees the country with all the money from their checking account, revealing himself to be a con man. She then has no option but to move in with her mother in the Bronx and go back to her old manicure job. Eddie Biasi, now divorced from Yvonne, ends up becoming a taxi driver. Charlie happily returns to the police force and Yvonne reclaims the diner. At the film's end, Charlie and Yvonne get married and begin their honeymoon by taking off from Central Park in a hot air balloon that bears the New York Post headline ""Cop Weds Waitress"", just before the closing credits roll."
33008.0	0.0	Venkata Narayana  is one of the biggest business tycoons in India having a personal net worth of Rs 2,500 crores. His motto of life is 'Dare to dream and Care to achieve'. His only daughter is Madhavi Soundarya. Movie starts with Venkata Narayana explaining the viewers about his hard work and way of living. His daughter Madhavi is arriving from states after doing her MBA. He wanted to make her the MD for his companies. But Madhavi tells him that she wanted to join as a clerk in his firm and learn the tricks of trade and slowly take over Venkata Narayana post when she is ready. Venkata Narayana likes her idea and he appoints his own daughter  as a clerk in his office. Manohar  just finished his B.com. Manohar comes to know that Venkata Narayana is none but his own maternal uncle. Then he chooses the easy way out to become a filth rich millionaire. That is to marry the daughter of Venkata Narayara, Miss Madhavi. On his way to Hyderabad, Manohar skillfully rescues a pregnant, who happened to be the friend of Madhavi. As expected Manohar nonchalantly leaves the train without making any advances to Madhavi though she attracted him with her charms. Manohar joins his uncle's office as Dispatch Clerk.Manohar gets surprised by knowing that the beautiful girl he met in train is working at the same office. He meets his college time bum chum Raviteja as the canteen owner for the same office. He puts up his stay with Raviteja. Obviously Malathi is staying in the ground floor of the same building in which these guys are staying. When Manohar and Ravi Teja overhear the telephonic conversation by Malathi to her Dad, they come to know that Malathi is none but Madhavi. Then the inevitable thing happens and they fall in love. Madhavi confesses to Venkata Narayana that she is in love with Manohar. Then Venkata Narayana tells her that Manohar is her brother-in-law and Manohar is interested in her money than herself. Madhavi refuses to accept the allegation by her father and she tells him that she will prove that Manohar is not after money. She perform a drama to convey the message to Manohar and Ravi Teja that she is a daughter of fisherman. Manohar fails to acknowledge his love to her after he realizes that she is a daughter of a poor man. He confesses her that he is here to marry the daughter of Venkata Narayana, but not Malathi. He expresses his love and obsession for money. Madhavi has two choices now. One is to go back to her father and accept her defeat. Second one is to change Manohar. She decides to do both. She meets Venkata Narayana and tells him that Manohar is a money minded man. She asks him to give her a chance to change Manohar. They fix 31 December 1999 as the deadline. Meantime Manohar loses his job in Venkata Narayana company. Inspired by a spirited speech by Malathi, he decides to do his own consultancy by giving solutions  to the CEO's who are facing labor and marketing problems. Still he believe in money and the charm of the 'Daughter of Venkata Narayana', whom he thinks he did not found. Manohar in turn upsets the apple cart of Venkata Narayana by making the strategic marketing deals with Venkata Narayana's business rivals. Now Venkata Narayana decides to come even with Manohar and promises him that he will give his daughter to Manohar and that grand announcement of this news would be done at 31 December night bash. Enter the comedy oriented sweet villain Surya . Surya is the brother of Venkata Narayana's wife. Surya is willing to marry Madhavi. This film crazy, director aspirant, Surya follows Venkata Narayana and webs a hypothetical story around the incidents and concludes that Manohar is the villain of the entire episode. It's 31 December 1999. Mid night is fast approaching. As he is the Hero, Surya kidnaps Manohar and keeps him in his dungeon and go to attend the mid night bash thrown by Venkata Narayana. As the clock is fast approaching to the midnight hours, we are left with a nail biting suspense. Will Manohar comes to attend the bash by bashing the guys who kidnapped him? If he managed to come to party, will he accept to marry the daughter of Venkata Narayana? watch this comedy entertainer to know the climax.
32495.0	0.0	In Srinagar, a Kashmiri terrorist, Wasim Khan is arrested by a team led by Colonel Rayappa . In South India, Roja  is a simple village girl born and brought up in Sundarapandianpuram in Tirunelveli district in southern Tamil Nadu. Roja fervently wishes that her sister's  marriage proposal with Rishi Kumar , a top cryptologist working with the Indian government, goes smoothly. Unknown to her and her family, Roja’s sister is in love with the son of her paternal aunt. When Rishi wishes to speak to Roja’s sister alone, she gathers enough courage to convey this and politely asks him to reject her in front of her parents, to which he obliges. To everyone’s surprise Rishi requests Roja's hand in marriage instead. Being unaware of her sister's love affair, Roja is not willing to accept Rishi's proposal as she believes that he is the best match for her sister but she marries Rishi, and the couple go to live in Madras while her sister is married to her aunt's son. Initially Roja does not like what Rishi did, but when she learns of her sister's love affair and consequent rejection of Rishi, she apologizes and starts seeing him in a new light. Love blossoms, and life is blissful for the couple for a short while. Meanwhile, Rishi is assigned a posting at an army communications center in Kashmir. The couple find themselves in a beautiful yet alien land. Roja's world turns upside down when Rishi is abducted by terrorists whose agenda is to separate Kashmir from India and to free their leader Wasim Khan from judicial custody. Faced with the daunting task of rescuing her husband, Roja runs from pillar to post, pleading with politicians and the military for help. Further complicating matters is the communication gap: She can't speak their language, and they can't speak hers. Meanwhile Rishi, held captive by a group of terrorists led by Liaqat , tries to reason with them. Liaqat’s sister shows a little compassion towards him. Initially, when Roja’s efforts fail, the Indian government denies any negotiations with the terrorists for the release of Rishi in the media. The angered terrorists burn an Indian flag. Rishi risks his life to put out the fire and shows the terrorist how much the country means to him, a regular citizen. When Liaqat’s younger brother, who with few other youths from his village are sent across the border to Pakistan for training, is shot down by the Pakistan Army, Liaqat’s strong belief is shaken, but he still manages to convince himself of the cause. Consequently, Roja’s efforts to apprise the politicians of her suffering and pain are successful as a minister pities her and offers to help. Much to the chagrin of Colonel Rayappa, the government decides to release Wasim Khan in exchange for Rishi. Rishi, not wanting to be used as a pawn to release a dangerous terrorist, gets help from the sympathetic Liaqat’s sister and escapes — with Liaqat and his men chasing him. Colonel Rayappa, Roja and other Army officers get to the hostage exchange spot with Wasim Khan, but Liaqat doesn’t show up. This leads Roja to think that Rishi is dead. Rishi has managed to get close to the exchange spot on his own after evading the terrorists. Liaqat catches up with him and holds him at gun point. Rishi reasons with Liaqat further and convinces him that his war is immoral. Liaqat lets Rishi go and he goes to the exchange spot. Rishi and Roja are united once again.
12979.0	1.0	The films tells of father, Juan Denevi , who gets the surprise of his life on his fiftieth birthday when he finds out that he's become a grandfather. The movie opens in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Juan is cooking individual personal favorite dishes for his friends, the patrons of his restaurant. A young woman named Manuela  appears with a 3-year-old boy  and announces that Lucas is Juan's grandson. Juan hasn't seen his son Facundo  for many years, and during this time, Facundo has married and had a son. Facundo's wife and son find Juan at his birthday party and beg him to come help Facundo with a family crisis.
3245.0	0.0	"Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show's star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste's character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste's recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori's burst of sudden fame due to this ""storyline,"" all three actors, furious with each other, demand ""They go or I go!"" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori's character has ""brain fever"" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey's former venue."
35638.0	0.0	The plot centres around knifethrower Gabor  and a girl called Adèle , who intends to kill herself by jumping from a bridge. Gabor intervenes to prevent the suicide and persuades Adèle to become the target girl in his knifethrowing act. The film then follows their relationship as they travel around Europe with the act. Their companionship and teamwork mean great luck for both of them. Then they get separated and their lives once again become luckless. The film ends on a bridge in Istanbul, this time with her saving him from suicide.
10453.0	0.0	The story is based in Kashmir. It starts with a sad Radhika  being introduced to an Army Major  by her father, Raja Saab  an erstwhile king and current politician. Raja Saab tells her that the Major will be a good husband for her. On the day of the engagement, news breaks of a terrorist attack in a nearby village led by the terrorist, Shaka . The Major and Raja Saab leave with a large force to that village. But that turns out to be a ruse as Shaka comes to the place of the engagement and burns the marriage Mandap. Then he gives a long look to Radhika, who looks at him with hatred, and leaves. Shaka reaches his lair where he meets his leader, Dara  and Shabnam  and the rest of his gang. Dara welcomes him and proclaims him to be Diljale . Shabnam, who loves him, tries to hug him but Shaka rebuffs it. Shaka then goes to visit his mother  where the story of Shaka is shown in a flashback. Shaka was originally Shyam, a patriotic college student and son of a local village leader. Radhika studies in the same college and they both fall deeply in love. When Raja Saab tries to usurp all the village land, Shyam's father organizes all the villages against him. Raja Saab bribes a local police officer  who proclaims Shyam's father as a terrorist and kills him in an encounter. When Shyam goes to Raja Saab's home to take revenge, Raja Saab  frames Shyam also as a terrorist and tries to kill him. Shyam escapes but Radhika, who only sees him threatening her father, berates him and proclaims him a terrorist. Brokenhearted Shyam joins Dara's group and becomes Shaka. Back in the present time, the Major surrounds Shaka at his mother's home but finds himself outnumbered by Shaka's men. Shaka asks him to go away. The Major then confronts Radhika and asks her if she knows Shaka from earlier. Under pressure from Raja Saab, she denies knowing Shaka. The army captures four associates of Dara. In order to get them freed, Dara asks Shaka, Shabnam and some others to hijack a bus traveling from Vaishno Devi. When Shaka captures them and brings them to a ruined temple, he is shocked to find Radhika  among the hostages. She confronts him and tells him that he never loved her or the homeland, India. Shaka is stung and tells he that he lost everything for her love. She then tells him to release everyone since they are innocent and says that if he loves her, he will do so. He agrees under the condition that she will remain with him. When Shabnam and the others tried to stop this release, Shaka disarms them and releases the hostages and runs away with Radhika. Dara is livid with the betrayal and wants to kill Shaka. Raja Saab meets him and tells him to kill Shaka and release Radhika. Dara agrees but in return wants his four associates released and for his entire group to be safely escorted by Raja Saab to Pakistan. Meanwhile the corrupt police officer, who killed Shyam's father, tries to kill Shaka who disarms him. In order to save himself, the police officer tells the truth to Radhika who is shocked to see the depth of love which Shaka has for her. Shaka kills the police officer but is captured by Dara's men. Dara puts both of them under lock and key but Shabnam releases Shaka. Shaka confronts Dara and asks him not to sell his homeland to politicians like Raja Saab but Dara orders his men to kill Shaka. The Major and his army attack at that very moment. Raja Saab, Dara and his men escape with Radhika in their custody with Shaka and Shabnam in close pursuit. The Major finds Raja Saab's son hiding in a corner and finds out the truth about Shyam and Raja Saab. Dara speaks to his Pakistani Intelligence controller that they need help crossing the border now. Since some Americans are visiting the border and Pakistan doesn't want to be caught supporting terrorists, the Pakistanis decide to mine the border crossing and kill Dara and his men. Dara, Raja Saab and others reach the last border outpost. Raja Saab goes to talk to the captain of the post in order to facilitate the escape of Dara and his men. But Shaka has already reached there and is waiting for him in the captain's office. He kills Raja Saab but Dara and his men escape. When a couple of Dara's men try to kill Radhika, Shabnam kills them and rescues her. Shabnam brings Radhika to Shaka but they are all confronted by the Major. He tells Shaka that he knows the truth and is sorry but will still have to arrest him. Shaka agrees but wants to stop Dara and is men from crossing the border since he believes that they still have good in their heart. The Major agrees and they go in a snowmobile towards the border and reach there before Dara and his men. They see Pakistani soldiers laying mines but are captured by them. The Pakistani Major tells them they want to kill Dara and his men since they can always create more terrorists. Shaka and the Major kill them all and go towards the border. When Shaka goes to stop Dara and his men, the Major stops him saying that he wants to kill terrorists. Shaka says that he wants to kill terrorism. He shouts at Dara to stop but Dara thinks it is a trick. So Shaka jumps at one of the mines and is blasted. Shocked, Dara asks his men to stop. Shaka wakes up in a hospital to find his mother, Radhika and the Major next to him. The Major takes him outside where Dara, Shabnam and everyone is waiting. Dara hugs him and apologizes and admits that love can defeat anything even terrorism. He says that they have all surrendered. Shabnam too bids him goodbye. Shyam and Radhika hug each other in the backdrop of the Tiranga.
31273.0	0.0	The film begins in a flashback from the titular character, Antoine. We are introduced to his fixation with female hairdressers which began at a young age. The film uses flashbacks throughout and there are frequent parallels drawn with the past. Though Antoine tells Mathilde that 'the past is dead', his life is evidence that on some level the past repeats itself. As a young boy he fantasised about a hairdresser who committed suicide and as a man in his 50s he begins an affair with a hairdresser which ends after ten years in her suicide. However there are differences, Mathilde commits suicide because she is so happy she is afraid of the happiness she has found with Antoine ending. We are unsure what Antoine has done with his life; we know, however, that he has fulfilled his childhood ambition: to marry a haidresser. The reality proves to be every bit as wonderful as the fantasy and the two enjoy an enigmatic, enclosed and enchanting relationship. The final sequence shows Antoine, in the salon, dancing to Eastern music just as he has done throughout his life. His last line is the enigmatic comment that the hairdresser will return.
35344.0	0.0	Raj Kumar  goes on holiday in Khandala and stays with his uncle Dhanunjay . He comes across Rani  and falls for her. However, he ends up teasing her and she begins to despise him. She is determined to avoid him, but he won't leave her alone. Raj Kumar saves Rani from some thugs, and she is impressed by his heroism. After spending some time together she begins to like him and eventually love him. Unfortunately his uncle has made other plans for him: He reveals the past of the hero's parents and his family. He mentions the challenge that he made with his in-laws to get the hero married to his daughter. Complying to this, the hero informs the heroine that their relationship needs to end there. Going with his uncle to the village for his uncle's daughter, to his joy he sees that it's none other than Rani. The rest of the movie revolves around the plot that is woven by him and his uncle to gain the heroine's hand and re-uniting the uncle with his family. This is done in a fun, comical way.
5837.0	0.0	"When Ludwig van Beethoven dies, his assistant and close friend Schindler deals with his last will and testament. There remains a question as to who Beethoven's ""immortal beloved"", an unnamed woman mentioned in one of his letters, may be. Schindler embarks on a quest to find out who this woman is. Retrospective footage of Beethoven from his younger years until his death is featured as the film progresses. The conclusion ultimately is that the individual is Johanna Reiss, the daughter of Anton Van Reiss, a prosperous Viennese upholsterer. In the film, she becomes pregnant by Beethoven; when by an accidental turn of events he does not marry her in time, she marries his brother, Kaspar. Their son, Karl van Beethoven, is raised by Ludwig in the vain hope of making him an important musician in his own right."
6055.0	0.0	"In July 1832, Italian patriots hiding out in Aix, France, are betrayed by one of their own, and Austrian agents are on their trail. One patriot, Giocomo, is dragged away and executed. His wife runs off to warn their friend, Angelo Pardi , a young Italian nobleman in France raising money for the Italian revolution against Austria. As the agents descend on his apartmant, Angelo escapes into the countryside. At Meyrargues, Angelo looks for his compatriot and childhood friend, Maggionari, and then continues on to another village, where he writes to his mother, ""Always fleeing. When can I fight and show what your son can do?"" His mother purchased his commission as a colonel in the Piedmont Hussars, and he's never seen battle. Angelo encounters Maggionari, who turns out to be the traitor. When the Austrian agents arrive, Angelo fights them off and escapes. The next day, Angelo enters a village ravaged by a cholera epidemic. The sight of the corpses abandoned to the scavenging crows sickens him. He meets a country physician, who shows him how to treat cholera victims by vigorously rubbing alcohol on the skin. Angelo continues north, passing a small village where corpses are being burned. He meets a young woman and two children and accompanies them to the outskirts of Manosque. The young woman, who is a tutor and lover of books, gives him a copy of Rinaldo and Armida as a parting gift. While in Manosque, Angelo is captured by a paranoid mob who accuse him of poisoning the town fountain. He is taken to the authorities, who soon abandon their posts in fear. Angelo searches for a compatriot, but encounters the Austrian agents. Angelo eludes them, and with sword in hand, fights his way through the hysterical mob and escapes across the rooftops. From his refuge above the town, Angelo watches one of the agents chased down and beaten to death, and later watches the piles of corpses being burned in the night. To escape the rain, Angelo enters a dwelling where he is discovered by Countess Pauline de Théus . Apologizing for his presence, Angelo reassures her that he is a gentleman. Pauline offers him food and drink, and soon he falls asleep from exhaustion. The following morning, Pauline is gone and Angelo joins the forced evacuation of the town. In the hills outside Manosque, Angelo meets his compatriot, Giuseppe, who possesses money raised for the Italian resistance, but which cannot now be delivered because of the quarantine and roadblocks. Angelo agrees to deliver the money to Milan using backroads. Before leaving, he encounters the traitor, Maggionari, who attempts to kill Angelo before succumbing to cholera. Angelo and Pauline meet again, and she joins him in a daring river escape. At Les Mées, rather than head east toward the Italian border, Angelo accompanies Pauline north toward her castle near Gap. Angelo insists it is his duty, so they set off through the countryside, avoiding the plague-ridden towns. Forced to camp out in the open, romantic feelings develop between the two, but Angelo remains gallant. Asked if he comes from a military family, Angelo reveals he never knew his father, saying, ""He came to Italy with Napoleon, then left."" Everything he learned in life came from his mother. The next day, they travel to a heavily-garrisoned village where they visit a friend of Pauline's husband and learn that he returned to Manosque to search for her. Determined to find her husband, Pauline leaves Angelo and rides off. Angelo follows, only to see her captured by the militia, who take her into quarantine at a convent. Knowing if she stays there she will die, Angelo surrenders to the militia in order to rescue her. Pauline understands he's risked his life again for her. Angelo orchestrates another daring escape by setting fire to the convent. Impressed by Angelo's bravery and intelligence, Pauline promises to trust the young Piedmont Hussard, saying, ""I'll obey you like a soldier."" Their mutual affection continues to grow as they make their way toward her castle at Théus. As night descends, they seek shelter from the rain in a small abandoned mansion, where they warm themselves at the fireplace and drink wine. Pauline conveys her feelings for him, but Angelo remains a gentleman. Pauline recounts how she met her husband, forty years her senior. She was a sixteen-year-old country doctor's daughter when she found him near death with a bullet in his chest. Her father saved his life, and she tended to him for days, nursing him back to health. When he recovered, he left without revealing his identity, but six months later, he returned and asked for her hand in marriage—revealing he was a Count with extensive property. Angelo prepares to leave, but Pauline decides to stay in the mansion for the night. As she climbs the staircase, she collapses showing symptoms of cholera. Angelo rushes her to the fireplace, rips the clothing from her body, and vigorously rubs alcohol on her skin—tending to her throughout the night trying to save her life. In the morning, Angelo is awakened by Pauline's frail but loving touch. Soon they are back on the road, completing the last few miles to Pauline's castle, where they are met by her husband, Count Laurent de Théus. Angelo leaves and returns to Italy to fight in the revolution. One year later, Pauline returns to Aix where everything appears as it once was—but the cholera has taken a heavy toll. She looks for the house near the Bishop's Palace where Angelo stayed. She writes letters to Angelo, inquiring after his condition. Another year passes, and Pauline finally receives a letter at the castle from Angelo. She walks off alone to read it, while the Count watches from a window, knowing Angelo's memory would not fade. Pauline looks east toward the snow-covered Alps that separate her from Italy and Colonel Angelo Pardi, the young gallant officer who once saved her life.<ref nameJean-Paul Rappeneau |titleDVD |publisherNew York City |date }}"
37107.0	0.0	Set at the time of the Crusades, it tells the story of love and tragedy, intermingled with mysticism. Jacques is betrothed to marry Violane, a beautiful and gentle woman. When she discovers that she has leprosy, however, the marriage is off, and she retires to a life of prayer at an isolated hermitage. Instead, Jacques marries her sister Mara. When Jacques and Mara's child dies shortly after birth, Mara implores her saintly sister to come out of isolation to bring her child back to life.
14206.0	0.0	"Doug Ireland is a concierge at the Bradbury, a luxurious hotel in New York City that is beginning to decline. Doug is very well-connected and is very good at his job, giving personal attention to guests like Mr. Wegman while occasionally pocketing a big tip. Doug's dream is to open his own hotel on Roosevelt Island. He has saved every cent and obtained an option on an old hotel. But he only has a few weeks to begin development and needs at least $3 million immediately. Doug's best chance is Christian Hanover, a somewhat unscrupulous billionaire. Hanover considers the proposal and asks Doug to ""take care"" of his mistress, Andy Hart, a perfume saleswoman. Doug pretends to date Andy so that she can get close to Hanover without his wife suspecting. Doug learns that Hanover is deceiving Andy about getting a divorce. But because his hotel proposal is urgent and Andy is old enough to make her own decisions, he doesn't intervene. However, as he and Andy spend time together, he develops feelings for her. Andy learns that a document Hanover has asked Doug to sign was intended to permit Hanover to take over the hotel project and force Doug out. He smugly tells Andy that the project had too much potential to share it with a mere concierge. Andy abandons him for Doug, who is chasing after her. In the end, after Doug and Andy marry, he gets a call from Mr. Wegman, who has been sent Doug's business plan by other members of the hotel staff  and has decided to put up the $3 million that Doug needs."
2993.0	1.0	Raja ([[Kunal  is from a poor family. Raja's dad is violent and an alcoholic. He spends the family's income on alcohol. Raja's family struggles to work hard everyday. Raja's mom requests him to move to Mumbai to start a new life. Raja approves his mom's request and moves to Mumbai to attend Ramachandra College. The movie starts off at a train station on New Year Day. Raja talks with a person  who was well-wishing him. Due to insistence, Raja goes into a flash back. A few years ago, he reaches Mumbai, where he plans to get admitted into the prestigious Ramachandra College. He gains admission for an MBA program at the Ramachandra College in Mumbai with the help of the college chairman, Ramachandra , but he doesn't realize this at first. He thought that he managed to get a seat due to his own abilities. Raja meets Roja  through the Internet. After a brief introduction, Raja and Roja started loving each other. They have yet to see each other and thus,they sent their pictures through e-mail to each other. As Roja checks her e-mail and sees Raja's photo, Raja enters the Net Cafe where Roja was. Then, they meet each other. They are initially shocked by seeing each other as Roja told him that she is in America and Raja told her that he is in London, although they were both in India and were studying in the same college. The very next day, Raja meets Roja again in the train station where he usually comes to board the train. Again they are both surprised and were speechless when they saw each other. However, things take a turn for the bad when they are both unable to express their feelings about each other due to fated accidents. Raja wanted to see if Roja really likes him by asking her to wear a rose on her head. But, as she walks towards the train station, her rose drops off. Unaware of this, Raja believes that Roja really doesn't like him. Ramachandra meets him and tells him to be practical. He suggests that Raja should write her a love letter. As Raja doesn't know how to write one, Ramachandra helps him. Even his daughter, Roja, helps him write a letter for Raja, unaware that it was for Raja that the father was writing it. The next day, Raja meets her in the train station and gives her his books, with the love letter inside of it. Not knowing why he gave her his books, she just skims through his books, accidentally causing his love letter to fly away. However, Roja does write a love letter to him too. As she returns his books, a long-lost friend of Raja meets him on the train station. Raja writes the address on the first page of the book and tears it off to give to his friend. Unfortunately, he wasn't aware that Roja wrote her love-letter right behind it. He feels disappointed and doesn't show interest to Roja, causing her to think that he doesn't like her. Ramachandra comes to the rescue again and asks Raja to write another love letter and give it to her the next day, which happens to be Valentine's Day. When Raja comes to express his love for Roja, he finds out that Roja is the daughter of Ramachandra, who had decided to marry his daughter with Rajesh Gupta, who is a smart and wealthy man. Roja makes a last attempt to find out if Raja likes him or not. She sends him an e-mail stating that she loves him. On the other hand, Raja doesn't want to hurt the feelings of his beloved guide and teacher, who he respects as his father. Thus, he sends her an e-mail stating that he is unable to return his feelings for Roja. Roja unwillingly accepts to the wedding, as she knew there was no hope that Raja will fall in love with her. Raja leaves the wedding hall and plans to leave back to his hometown the night itself, which goes back to the beginning of the story. Coincidentally, Ramachandra overhears his conversation between Raja and his friends and realizes that he is in love with his daughter. He goes to the train station to stop Raja, asking him to return and propose to his daughter. Raja and Ramachandra reach the wedding hall just in time to stop the wedding from taking place. Raja and Roja are married on Valentine's Day, and the movie ends with a happy ending.
7100.0	1.0	A young girl is picked up from a London orphanage and is told the story of her mother's  life on the way to the British West Indies.
26388.0	0.0	After accidentally meeting, Mridula  and Arun  fall in love. The young couple both come from affluent families, and so, to test whether they will be suited for a long term relationship, they both decide to live together for one day. However, a few months into their relationship, Arun and Mridhula get in an accident and he passes away. A devastated Mridula is unable to get over her loss, and before long starts seeing Arun in strange visions everywhere she goes. Her family eventually decide that relocating to another country might help Mridula move on, and so they send her to the UK. Once she arrives there, she meets Mano, a young man attracted to her. She knows that her parents expect her to all for Mano but she can't move on and marry him so she runs away. When she runs away, she meets a person who looks exactly like her Arun. She follows him and finds out where he lives and works. Whenever she tries to talk to him, he denies his relationship with her and says he doesn't know her. However, she later finds out that her father had Arun sent away as he had helped with Arun's sister's marriage and had threatened to let it all go downhill for her. Arun moves to UK in hopes that he can forget about Mridhula but he can't and when he meets her, he realises this. When the dad finds out Arun is still alive he tries to kill him but it doesn't work. Finally, the dad realises his mistake and Arun and Mridula reunite.
25224.0	0.0	Restaurant owner Dylan Ramsey  is head-over-heels in love with his new neighbor, a French cellist named Lila . In a desperate attempt to garner her affections, he kidnaps her beloved pet dog and offers to help her find him on a phantom dog hunt. A wrench is thrown in his plans, however, when the dog swallows his best friend's diamond ring, and things get worse for Dylan as Lila's ex-fiancee, Rene, arrives to win her back.
29244.0	0.0	Stéphane, a young French man from Paris, travels to Romania. He is looking for the singer Nora Luca, whom his father had heard all the time before his death. Wandering along a frozen road, he meets old Izidor, a member of the Roma  and tells him of Nora Luca. Izidor seems to understand and takes him to his village. Stéphane believes that Izidor will take him to Nora Luca when the time has come. So, he lives in the Roma village for several months. The other inhabitants dislike him at first  but as they get to know him better, they grow to like him. In summer, the ice between him and beautiful Sabina finally cracks, and as she is able to translate between the Roma and him, Stéphane finds out that nobody ever understood a thing that he had said.
29974.0	1.0	Magali , forty-something, is a winemaker and a widow: she loves her work but feels lonely. Her friends Rosine  and Isabelle  both want secretly to find a husband for Magali.
30371.0	0.0	Vijay is the managing director of a large shipping corporation. He lives in a joint family with his father , two brothers , their wives and children and a spinster sister . He goes to Switzerland to stipulate a contract with Nizhalgal Ravi and Raghuvaran. There he meets Rambha, Ravi's sister. The two fall in love. Ravi approves of Vijay but when he expresses the condition that Vijay should stay with them after the marriage because India is not good, he refuses his offer and returns home. But later Raghuvaran and Rambha travel to India to mend fences. Raghuvaran learns that Banupriya had been dumped by Ravi for a better life and Vijay is just waiting for an opportunity to kill the man who destroyed his sister's life. He devises ways of preventing Ravi from attending the marriage but later he tells Banupriya the truth. Vijay overhears this and is angered, but Raghuvaran solves all the problems by deciding to marry Banupriya. Banupriya agress for this too, making everyone happy. Finally Vijay, seeing his sister happy leaves Ravi alone. Eventually Rambha and Vijay get married.
16611.0	0.0	While vacationing in Monte Carlo in 1927, Maxim de Winter meets the young and somewhat naive British companion of Mrs. Van Hopper, a typical Ugly American whose bout of influenza frees the girl - who, as in the original novel, is never identified by name - to spend time with the wealthy widower. When Mrs. Van Hopper announces plans to return to New York City, Max proposes to the girl and brings her to his Cornwall coast estate known as Manderley. There a large household staff is supervised by Mrs Danvers, who was devoted to Max's first wife Rebecca, the victim of a sailing accident some ten months before, whose battered body was discovered forty miles up the coast and identified by her distraught husband. The new Mrs de Winter feels overwhelmed by the vast manor, and Mrs Danvers does nothing to put her at ease, although she finds a friend in Frank Crawley, who oversees the estate. The young bride's discomfort with her new lifestyle isn't helped by the fact the memory of Rebecca has a strong hold on Mandereley and all of its inhabitants and visitors. Lacking self-confidence, she commits one faux pas after another until she is convinced Max is still deeply in love with his seemingly perfect first wife and regrets his impetuous decision to marry his second one. She is also curious about a cottage on the beach and Ben, a dimwitted scavenger who constantly assures her he has said nothing and begs her not to commit him to the asylum, references the girl doesn't understand. Max's sister Beatrice and brother-in-law Giles convince him to revive his custom of hosting an annual costume ball at the estate. Mrs Danvers suggests Mrs de Winter replicate a dress worn by a family ancestor in a portrait hanging in the gallery. The girl complies, unaware the same costume was worn by Rebecca to much acclaim shortly before her death the previous year. When Max sees her descend the staircase just before the arrival of their guests, he furiously demands she change into a different dress. In the early morning hours after the ball, Mrs Danvers openly displays her contempt for the second Mrs de Winter by taking her on a tour of Rebecca's bedroom, which she has maintained as a shrine. Showing the young girl Rebecca's wardrobe and luxurious possessions, she tells her she will never be worthy of replacing her former mistress, and she encourages her to commit suicide by jumping out the window to the stone patio far below. Her manipulations are interrupted by a distress signal from a ship that has run onto the reef just off the coast. Divers hired to investigate damage to the hull of the ship discover the remains of Rebecca's boat with a body in the locked cabin. When it is raised, the body is identified as that of Rebecca by her jewelry and dress, and it is discovered that holes had been drilled deliberately in the bottom, causing it to sink. Max confesses to his bride he strangled Rebecca in the beach cottage when she taunted him with the news that she was pregnant and that the child wasn't his. He locked her body in the cabin of her boat, sailed it offshore, drove holes into its planks, and then escaped in the dinghy, and when a body washed ashore up the coast, he intentionally misidentified it. He confesses he never loved Rebecca, revealing she was a vile woman who made a mockery of their marriage by consorting with numerous men of low character in a flat she kept in London and the cottage she maintained on the beach specifically for her many trysts. A subsequent inquest concludes with a verdict of suicide, but Rebecca's cousin Jack Favell is unconvinced. He has a note from Rebecca urging him to join her at the beach cottage on the night she died because she had something important to tell him. Jack reveals he was Rebecca's lover and suspects she was pregnant with his child, a fact uncovered by Max, prompting him to kill her. He attempts to blackmail Max, who refuses his demands. A notation in Rebecca's appointment book leads them to a doctor she visited on the day she died. He reveals that Rebecca was riddled with cancer and had only months to live, thus supporting the verdict of suicide. Max realizes she intentionally misled him into believing she was expecting another man's child in order to spur him to kill her in a murderous rage. Upon returning to Manderley, Max and his wife discover the estate is in flames, the fire set by a vengeful and despairing Mrs Danvers. Max races upstairs to rescue the woman from Rebecca's bedroom. Though he manages to make it to the bedroom and retrieve Mrs Danvers, he stumbles on the way back down; Mrs Danvers' fate is unclear. In an epilogue set ten years later, we learn that Max walks with a limp and is scarred slightly as a result of his heroic action. Having lost Manderley and choosing not to rebuild it, Mr and Mrs de Winter now live a quiet life in a small hotel, seemingly free of Rebecca's hold.
5510.0	0.0	"In 1945, United States Army Sgt. Paul Sutton returns to San Francisco to reunite with his wife Betty, whom he married &mdash; following a whirlwind courtship &mdash; the day before he departed for the Pacific. The war has left him with emotional scars, and he experiences flashbacks on a regular basis. Paul's reunion with Betty is strained, especially after he discovers most of the letters he wrote her were set aside unopened. He is determined to make a go of the marriage however, and hopes to establish a new career for himself. Betty insists he continue to sell chocolates door-to-door, and he sets off to Sacramento. En route, he meets fellow train passenger Victoria Aragon, a Stanford University graduate student whose Mexican-American family owns a vineyard in the Napa Valley. When he learns the unmarried woman is pregnant by her professor, Paul offers to introduce himself to her very traditionalist family as her husband. Victoria's father is infuriated, not only that she married a man below her social standing, but without his permission as well. Paul's initial plan to quietly slip away and continue on his journey, leaving Victoria's family to believe he abandoned her, is derailed when her grandfather Don Pedro encourages him to stay and help with the harvest. During the harvest Paul  grows closer to the family and learns the joys that come with their tradition, roots, and way of life. Paul and Victoria try to ignore their growing attraction and feelings for each other, but with little success. However Paul's honor prompts him to attempt to salvage his marriage and return home, but when he does he discovers his wife is involved with another man. She has applied for an annulment, to which he happily agrees, and he returns to the Aragon estate to ask Victoria to marry him. An argument with her angry and drunk father leads to a disastrous fire which destroys the vineyard. However Paul remembers one plant that may still have its roots intact and races off to retrieve them and bring them back to the family. The disaster  has brought Victoria's father to realize his errors. So when Paul returns he accepts him, telling him that this is ""his family"" and ""his roots"". The family sets out to replant and rebuild with the help of their newest member."
12151.0	0.0	Vishwanath is a multi-millionaire industrialist, living in a palatial house with his only child, a son named Vijay. The pampered Vijay has completed his education and now indulges in life's temptations to the extreme. Vishwanath would like his son to get married and become responsible. Megha is Vishwanath's personal assistant in his office. She is a hardworking girl struggling to support her family. Vishwanath asks Megha to quit her job and marry his son, but she refuses when she hears Vijay's strange condition. Vijay wants the marriage to be on a contract basis for a year and, if he does not fall in love with his wife in that duration, the marriage will be annulled. However, Megha's family is in dire financial straits and, so, she has to reconsider this offer. In return for marrying Vijay, she asks for financial support for her family, which Vishwanath readily provides. Vijay and Megha are married. After the marriage, they become friendly with each other, and Megha goes out of her way to look after Vijay when he meets with an accident. At the end of the year, however, Vijay decides to annul the marriage, as had been agreed upon. Megha leaves Vijay and returns home. After the separation, Vijay seems to be enjoying himself; but slowly and eventually, he starts to feel a longing for the presence of his devoted wife. Complications arise when Megha finds out that she is pregnant with Vijay's child. People in her neighbourhood start to question her stay at her mother's house and the identity of the child's father. In order to support herself, Megha gets a job in a new company; to her surprise, when the company's managing director arrives, he turns out to be Vijay. He later confesses to her that he's a changed person and wants her back. But, even after repeated persuasion, she disagrees because her faith in him has been shattered. Vijay continues to pursue her and leaves no stone unturned to show her that he cares for her. Later, Megha and her family hold a ceremony for the well-being of her to-be-born child. Vishwanath and Vijay attend the ceremony as well and give her presents. Megha reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells all the guests about the marriage-contract. An argument follows; Vijay and his father walk out, followed by all the guests. Near the completion of her pregnancy, Megha learns that trouble-makers Khairati Lal and Yeshwant Kumar, who had once attempted to kill Vijay, have escaped from prison. They are out looking for Vijay, who had fired them from his father's company for cheating and fraud. Megha gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay as soon as possible. On the way, she learns that the whole thing was a set-up by Vijay's friends to lure her back to her husband. Enraged, Megha goes to confront Vijay. As soon as she meets him, she accuses him of this shameless act. Vijay then staggers towards her, with his stomach pierced by a piece of glass and blood pouring from the wound. Khairati and Yeshwant have attacked him in reality. Megha runs toward him, slips and goes into labour. Vijay, summoning up all his strength, takes Megha to the Hospital. There, he is treated for his injuries and she delivers a healthy baby boy. Megha and Vijay recover and get reconciled.
13325.0	1.0	"Caitlin Rose is a shy 17-year-old in the new town of Lockhart, Illinois. She's not very well known at her school, but with the help of her best friend, she is accepted into the popular group at school, known as The Crew. While partying one night, she bonds with Ethan, eventually sleeping with him while being secretly watched by his best friend, Jace. Acting under peer pressure, she soon starts to rebel, neglecting school and getting into trouble. A lot of the teachers are bothered by their behavior, complaining to administrators that they get away with everything, but to no avail. While at the movies one night, Caitlin finds out Ethan is dating another girl. Upset, she confronts him. Trying to keep up a tough image, he claims they were never serious, but she responds that she sees right through him, before leaving. Back at home, she receives a visit from Jace, who lies his way into her home by saying that he wants to comfort her. Inside, he tries to kiss her, but when she refuses him, he becomes angry and ends up raping her while her little sister listens through the door, unaware of her sister being assaulted. The next day, she distances herself from everyone, not wanting to talk to her mother. When Avon demands to know what happened last night, Caitlin admits that Jace raped her. She, however, doesn't believe Caitlin, claiming that she probably seduced him. Feeling betrayed, she leaves home, only to be told the same by her friends. She directly accuses Jace of rape, but nobody believes her, and the rest of Caitlin's friends soon turn their back on her. Determined to prove she isn't lying, she goes to the hospital for an examination, but the doctors can't find any proof of rape due to how she had already been sexually active before the rape. Nevertheless, Avon decides to believe her and offers to press charges, but Caitlin responds she just wants to forget everything that happened. She is soon troubled with nightmares, and at school, people start bullying her. At first, she considers dropping out and going to college, but she soon realizes she could be able to stop it by winning over Ethan's trust. She is unable to, however, and the harassing continues. This results in Caitlin getting into a fight with another girl, Hanna, who is subsequently suspended not only for fighting Caitlin and writing graffiti, but for talking back to the chemistry teacher. Her mother threatens to step to the mass media, which angers the principal. Trying to prevent the school from getting a bad reputation, she suspends Ethan and Jace from two football games. As revenge for the suspension, the group lures her into an abandoned house and attack her, cutting off her hair as a ""punishment"". However, Ethan sees how scared she is and lets her go. Devastated, Caitlin decides to fight back, calling an investigator the next day, and the two begin collecting evidence and preparing to sue the school. Meanwhile, Jace reveals to Ethan that he indeed raped Caitlin. Stunned by this revelation, Ethan tries to make it right with her, but she initially doesn't want to see him. However, after much discussion, Caitlin finally relents, and an uneasy truce is made between them. Feeling betrayed by his best friend, Jace starts vandalizing Ethan's property and car. Finally, he picks up Caitlin, ready to flee the town, but they are stopped by the rest of The Crew. During the ensuing commotion, a knife fight breaks out between Ethan and Jace, which ends when Jace is stabbed deeply in the leg, after which Ethan leaves with Caitlin. Later, they kiss in a church, and a court trial follows, during which the school district promises to change their policies. Jace testifies he will never play college football because of muscle damage sustained in the knife fight, and that he's ready to move on with his life and go to a state college. In the end, Caitlin leaves town for college, leaving everyone behind."
11280.0	0.0	 Maria Owens, a young witch, was exiled to Maria's Island in Massachusetts with her unborn child for escaping her execution. She cast a spell upon herself to never fall in love due to heartbreak, only to die soon after. The spell became a curse for hundreds of years. Gillian and Sally Owen are two descendants of the Owens family taken in by their aunts Frances and Jet after the death of their parents. Sally is the more gifted of the two while Gillian's talents are more in charm and persuasion, and have been subject to ridicule during their youth. After witnessing their aunts cast a spell on a man for a woman who seems obsessed with having his love, Gillian decides to fall in love and Sally casts a true love spell to protect herself. The sisters cast an oath to each other using blood from both of their hands and Gillian leaves for California. Sally meets and marries Michael, an apple salesman. Years later, the two open their botanical shop Verbena and have two young daughters, Kylie and Antonia. Michael is killed when a truck collides into him. Sally and her daughters return to the Owens home to live with the aunts, and realize that the aunts cast a spell so she could fall in love. Sally swears off magic because the magical curses have ruined her life, and vows that her daughters will not perform magic. As Gillian begins a relationship with Jimmy Angelov in California, Sally is devastated by her husband's death. Gillian feels that Sally needs her and drugs Jimmy to return to Massachusetts. Gillian returns to Sally after Jimmy becomes abusive, but the sisters are kidnapped. Sally puts belladonna into Jimmy's tequila, but inadvertently kills him. The sisters attempt to resurrect him using the forbidden spell from their aunts' book of spells. Jimmy attempts to kill Gillian after being revived. Sally kills him again, and the sisters bury his body in the garden of the Owens home. State investigator Gary Hallett arrives from Tucson, Arizona in search of Jimmy, attributing his death to Sally. Gillian has Kylie and Antonia create a potion to banish Gary, but it fails. Later, Sally has Gary record her testimony and sees the letter she had once written Gillian, and realizes he must have read it more times than he had let on. Unable to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss and Sally realizes that he was there because of the spell she cast years earlier. Sally finds that Jimmy's spirit has possessed Gillian's body and Gary sees Jimmy's spirit emerge. Jimmy attempts to grab Gary's heart, but his star-shaped badge saves him and temporarily exiles the spirit. Later, Sally tells Gary that he is here is because of her spell and the feelings they have for each other are not real. Gary replies that curses are only true if one believes in them and reveals that he also wished for her, before returning to Arizona. Jimmy possesses Gillian again and attempts to kill Sally. Realizing that a coven of nine women to use witchcraft against Jimmy, Frances and Jet return. Sally realizes she must embrace magic to save her sister and asks the aid of the townswomen. Jimmy's spirit is dispelled and exorcised by the coven. When Sally repeats the spell that was mentioned as Gillian first left, they clasp their hands to mix each other's blood once more and exorcise Jimmy's spirit. Sally receives a letter from Gary telling her that she and her sister are cleared of any suspicion of wrongdoing in Jimmy's case and Gary returns to Massachusetts to be with Sally. The Owens women celebrate All Hallow's Eve dressed up in witch costumes, but they are embraced and welcomed by the townsfolk.
10568.0	0.0	Jannat Ki Talash is a film set in the time when Pakistan was newly created, and still some Muslims lived in India, whom thought as their home to be Pakistan. The film beautifully scripted by the senior director Hassan Askari and is about a Pakistani girl Salma  whose life is changed, once living in India. Shaan loves her, who was her cousin living in newly made Pakistan. Her brother is getting married, and celebrations are on their way, but Indians and sikhs  come and wreck the wedding. They brutally kill everyone including Salma's parents in front of her eyes, they take all the women and children, but Salma escapes. All her initial family dead in Pakistan she wonders off on the streets of India, then she finds a Muslim group, going to Pakistan, she too follows them in hope to meet her outer and extended family to have a better life. She shrunk into the taplin as she gives up on life. As everything looks peaceful and fine, Suad and his large group of `Muslim-haters' arrive out behind the long-distance trees. Within minutes they murder the innocent Muslims, even children with sticks of fire and swords. They take the women in their arms and kill the older ones. Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with her hair and takes her, although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed. He takes her to her home and shows his father  who declines and says to take her to Pakistan, Saud says no and says he wants marry the Muslim girl, but first wants to make her a Sikh. As she wakes up she pleads to go to Pakistan, her Jannat. Suad forces her to become a Sikh and marry him, she protests and declines. Khusboo is also introduced, she loves Suad deeply. Salma is used as a slave to the family of Indians, Suad`s mother loses her temper with her, and slaps and slams her to the floor, Khushboo also had a slam at her. Salma now in tears says once again let me go to Pakistan, Khushboo drags her from her hair outside, Resham again protests for freedom, and touches Khushboo's heart, and Khushboo lets her go. She runs in the open towards Pakistan, but Suad on his horse finds her and chases after her. In that time, Suad's father comes to protect her. She eventually gets to Pakistan, her dream her paradise, but finds no better results, as an older man tried to take advantage of her even after calling her his sister, Resham escaped but again got trapped by four drunked people, she called them her Paksiatani brothers but they tried to rape her and in defense Resham snatch one of their guns and in her defense killed the rappers .Shaan finds out and stands up for her in court, where the film begun. Resham tell the story of what happen to her, as above and judge lets her off, and Shaan takes her in his arms.
30083.0	0.0	This film is based on a treasure hunt. Bhushan Chaudhry  and Mr. Agarwal  are business rivals, and hate each other. Their children, Rajesh Chaudhry  and Asha Agarwal  study in the same class in college, and are in love with each other. Both are terrified of what their parents will do when they find out about their romance. And when the parents do find out, all kinds of restrictions are placed on them. Unable to stay away from each other, they elope in a stolen car. On the way, they come across an injured man, and decide to take him to hospital. The young couple become mixed up with two rival groups of crooks who are after treasure in a tribal village set in a remote forest somewhere off Mumbai. Rajesh Chaudhry  who has a photographic memory, gets hold of the treasure map, and after a quick survey eats it up in order to protect himself and his girl. They are closely followed by their irate parents who do not want them to marry each other. They get caught in the tribal village and is released in an almost miraculous manner. In the end the two lovers are united and the crooks are put to jail.
8127.0	1.0	Charlie Chacko, an overweight man who is struggling with the death of his first love, is forced to take care of his brother's three children and then falls in love with Geetha Krishnan.
29101.0	0.0	"Set in the 1920s during China's Warlord Era, The Wooden Man's Bride is a romance film between two unlikely people from different classes. A young woman, known only as ""Young Mistress"" ([[Wang Lan , is on her way to meet her future husband for the first time when her procession is attacked by sword-wielding bandits in the desert. A servant, Kui  recklessly takes off after the bandits who have kidnapped the young mistress and taken her back to their lair. When he arrives, Kui impresses the chief of the bandits , who allows Kui to take the Young Mistress back. Meanwhile, word has reached the Young Mistress's fiancé of her capture. Preparing to engage in a thrilling rescue, the hapless young man accidentally sets off an explosion, killing him. When Young Mistress finally arrives, she faces her fiancé's imperious mother , who forces the young woman to undergo arcane tests of purity to determine whether she is worthy to marry the  bridegroom. When Young Mistress passes these tests, she is forced to marry the titular ""wooden man,"" a wood-carved statue of her late fiancé. Forced into a life she does not want, Young Mistress tries and fails to escape from her new home. She finds solace in her growing friendship with her one-time hero, Kui, a friendship that soon blossoms into an illicit love affair. When the affair is discovered, Kui is banished from the mill, and Madame Liu has the Young Mistress's legs broken to prevent escape. Kui, however, is determined to rescue his love once more. He returns to the bandit's lair to find the chief dead, and becomes the bandits' new leader. A year after he leaves, Kui returns with the bandits to claim Young Mistress. He allows Madame Liu to commit suicide by hanging herself, then burns the house down, taking Young Mistress away with him."
28516.0	1.0	The story is very simple and a usual typical Indian love story. It was Abbas' and Simran's second project where there acting together after a Telegu movie, Priya O Priya. Abbas  play the role of a rebellious college student in this movie. While, Simran  acts as his love lady. The first half of the movie is about how Abbas and Simran have their pet fights and then the second half of the movie is about how they both join hands together to fight against her parents' opposition.
22952.0	1.0	Delmar Youngblood is a single mother with a passion for cooking; she dreams of opening her own restaurant called Food for the Heart, but in reality has a low-paid job as an insurance adjuster. Her best friend and roommate Hortense believes she would be a perfect wife for lawyer Stanley Diggers, though he wishes to advance his career before making a commitment. With their culinary talents and gift for hospitality, the two women host regular dinner parties for an assortment of family and friends. These include Jethro, Delmar's brother, who is a Mayan anthropology professor with an obsession for vintage Cadillacs, and his best friend Marlon, a freelance writer. There is also their pianist mother, Hannibal Youngblood, and her boyfiend, Mr. Ringold. When a friend of Hannibal's unexpectedly dies on one of these gatherings, her estranged daughter Missy Bainbridge comes to collect the body, and strikes up a relationship with Jethro. While searching through a junkyard to rescue a doomed Cadillac, Jethro and Marlon meet and befriend Moses Grady, a former convict who joins the gang and finds new purpose when he becomes attached to Delmar and her dream. Things get serious when Stanley makes Delmar an offer: he wants her to become a surrogate mother on behalf of his bigoted boss Mr. Spinner, whose wife is unable to conceive. This arrangement would provide Delmar with the money she needs to open her restauarant, make Stanley a partner in his law firm, and give Hortense the engagement ring she craves. Delmar accepts, and opens her restaurant in partnership with Moses, but in the third trimester she decides to keep the baby.
15276.0	0.0	Amos Babcock Bellamy  and Ben Hucklebee  scheme to get their respective children, Luisa  and Matt , to fall in love. Knowing they will resist their fathers' interference, the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud, building a wall between their houses and forbidding their children to speak to each other. When their plan works, they enlist the aid of El Gallo , the proprietor of a traveling carnival, to put an end to their supposed disagreement in a manner which will not reveal their deception. El Gallo pretends to kidnap Luisa with the help of his troupe, which includes elderly Shakespearean actor Henry Albertson  and his mute sidekick Mortimer ([[Teller , and arranges for Matt to rescue her. The couple settles into what they anticipate will be domestic bliss, but through the eyes of El Gallo and company they see the harsh realities of the world, and their innocent romanticism is replaced by a more mature understanding of love.
9602.0	1.0	Jet  is a handsome gay hustler whose sex appeal seems to know no bounds. Everyone wants to make love to him, but he is in love with no one but himself. Things change drastically when he notices what seems like a young couple in a shop, Sam  and Kana . At first sight, he falls in love with Sam and begins following the two around. Jet's friend Ching, who is also a hustler, runs a personal in a gay magazine for Jet, imploring Sam to contact Jet. At first, Jet is angry with Ching for not asking him, but his wrath subsides quickly when indeed he meets Sam again in what seems like a chance encounter, but actually is an outcome of the personal. Sam turns out to be a police officer and Jet starts to befriend Sam, hoping this will turn into a relationship. But Sam does not seem to notice Jet's intentions towards him. Unbeknownst to Jet, Sam had a homosexual affair with pop star K.S. five years earlier. At the same time, Ching had been in unrequited love with Sam  when the two were still office workers. Ching comes to his apartment shared with Jet when Jet and Sam are there, instantly recognizes Sam as Fai and is furious with Jet for stealing his beloved. Sam runs back to his apartment, but Jet pursues him. The two kisses, but they were interrupted by an unknown person at the door. Later, Sam believes the person to be his father, and unwilling to face his father's disappointment, he suicides. Jet lives on as a hustler, but receives a letter knowing that Sam has loved him.
30050.0	0.0	The story begins with the childhood scene of all the main characters three brothers  and youngest sister nandhini  who is pampered and brought up by three brothers after they lost their parents, Chinna Thambi  is the son of a singer who also earns his livelihood by singing, he is not worldly wise and is amateurish and innocent, his mother  lives with him in the outer area of the village where nandhini lives with her brothers, nandhini is considered very lucky by her brothers and each one wakes up to her face, things go awry when one day nandhini falls in love with Chinna thambi and tricks him into marrying him without even him knowing, she falls for him since it was him who saved her life when one of her brothers enemies tried to kill her, story line goes where Chinna thambi without knowing the importance seeks alliance for Nandhini, at last one of her sister in-laws realizes the truth and after a small struggle Chinna Thambi is accepted as Nandhini's husband by all.
4740.0	1.0	The film centers around a family of Swedish immigrants in Nebraska around the turn of the 20th century. The family's father dies and leaves the family farm to his daughter. She does her best to make the farm work when many others are giving up and leaving.
4289.0	1.0	"On leave from the military, Cheol-soo arrives at his girlfriend's apartment only to find it occupied by another woman, Choon-hee. After a few days he finds out that his girlfriend is now engaged to someone else, and having nowhere else to go he ends up staying with Choon-hee. At first the two struggle to get along, but before long Chul-soo discovers that she is writing a screenplay to enter into a competition, and they end up working on a story together based on their own experiences of love, titling it ""Art Museum by the Zoo""."
13448.0	1.0	The film takes place mainly over two days. Following a recent break-up, Juliet makes a to-do list, which includes - item 1 - to see Julie again after 15 years. Juliet tracks Julie down in the Eastern Townships of Québec. Day 1 sees the pair reconnect as they spend the day together. However, near the end of the night, Juliet kisses Julie. Surprised, despite a similar incident in their adolescence, Julie initially rejects Juliet. However, the next day when Juliet prepares to leave, Julie won’t let her go. Day 2 sees Julie work through her feelings for Juliet. Facing the prospect of losing Juliet again, Julie finally admits to having feelings for Juliet and eventually returns Juliet’s affections.
21928.0	0.0	"Art Dodge , a former artist, is struggling to make ends meet with his art gallery, ignoring bills and delaying to pay his assistant Gloria  and his artist Manny . To survive, he is reading the obituaries and trying to convince the widows that the deceased purchased a painting shortly before dying. Things take an ugly turn when Art is trying this scam with mobster Gene  whose father just died. Not only does Gene not fall for it, but he tries to have his henchmen beat Art up. Art barely escapes by hiding in the Rolls Royce of Betty Kerner, Gene's estranged two-time ex-wife and wealthy heiress. Betty is excited about helping the handsome stranger, and the two end up shortly thereafter making love. Betty being very impulsive, she wants to marry Art in two weeks. Because of the heiress fortune the news immediately makes the tabloids. Stuck between Betty who won't change her mind and Gene who still loves his ex-wife, Art doesn't like the idea of getting married with such short notice but decides to play along for now. One morning, at Betty's mansion, Art seductively enters her shower naked, only to realize it's not Betty who's in there but her sister Liz , an art professor. If Art is attracted to Liz, she stays very cold and distant, seeing him as nothing more than a gigolo who hit the jackpot. Art decides to invent a fake twin brother Bart  who is allegedly a painter who just got back from Italy. Bart and Liz instantly hit it off while Gene still tries to romance Betty. Bart and Liz can't stop talking about everything, he plays with her dog and even invites her to Manny's studio when he's not in, pretending to show her his art. When Liz's favorite painting in the studio turns out to have been actually made by Art , Bart gives her the painting. Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to pursue a romance with both sisters. Because the two ""twin brothers"" must never be in the same place at the same time, it however involves a lot of running around, coming up with a lot of excuses and enlisting a very reluctant Gloria's help. One evening he needs to go out two separate dates with both Betty and Liz. At the restaurant with Betty, he decides to drug her wine, much to the horror of the sommelier . This allows him to cut the date short and put a very sleepy Betty to bed. He then goes out with Liz  and ends up making love to her. The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the two sister's bedrooms  as he's supposed to be with them both at the same time. In the evening before the wedding, Art spots Gene's two henchmen around his house and manages to escape them thanks to his dad's help . He tries to spend the night at Gloria's but he discovers she started dating Manny. Manny however gives him the keys to his studio where he can spend the night. At the studio, Art starts to paint again when he is interrupted by Gene's henchmen who found him and start beating him up, before Gene shows up. When Art proposes Gene to leave town, Gene tells him to go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for each tear Betty cries. After they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up. When Bart tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the shower and tries to kiss her, Liz thinks Art is trying to make a pass at her, not realizing Bart doesn't exist. On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his ""brother"" tried to kiss her, and that the wedding should be called off. Bart needs to ""confront"" Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and, unbeknownst to anyone, also by Betty through the phone. When Gene enters the study, he confronts a lonely Art, and again threatens him if he doesn't marry Betty. He tells him that what Art or even himself want is irrelevant, and that the only thing that matters is Betty's happiness. During the wedding ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene's selfless devotion, calls the wedding off and falls in Gene's arms acknowledging she still love him too. Gene and Betty elope. In the general confusion, Liz sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes Art and Bart are the same person. Bart then go see Liz, telling her a fake excuse to ""go back to Italy"" , adding he's not worthy of her. A few month later, Art's gallery has experienced a dramatic turnaround  and is now very successful. At the inauguration of his work, Art notices Liz who still has feeling for him but is not sure who he is really. Art manages to convince her he is the one she had feelings for, and the movie ends with the two happily walking in the street, hand in hand."
34598.0	0.0	Justin, a ten year old boy living in a small town in the Rhône-Alpes region, is awaken in the middle of the night. His mother, Mireille is crying and his widower grandfather, Victor, tells the boy that his father, Ivan, is death. The next day, Alex, Justin’s uncle and Ivan’s younger brother, arrives for the funeral accompanied by a young woman, Juliette. Justin notice the tension between the adults. He takes his father's gun and hides it. The story flashes backward and forward to explain what led up to Ivan’s death. Alex, who has rebelled against his family by becoming a cop, works in the deprived La Duchere district of Lyon. He begins with his encounter, a year before Ivan’s death, when he first meets Juliette, who is brought to his office when she was arrested for shoplifting. He lets her off. He sees her again one day when he visits the sleazy nightclub run by his older brother, Ivan. Ivan is a crime boss and runs a popular club with a drag revue, funding his business through a stolen-auto ring headed up by Jimmy, who is Juliette's brother. The encounter between the siblings on opposite sides of the law is tense, they barely get along. Ivan is happy to show Alex that he is doing much better than him on the wrong side of the law. After their second encounter Alex and Juliette star a tortured affair beginning to meet regularly for sex. He is not in love with her, and their relationship is complicated by the young woman's emotional and sexual involvement with Marie, a professor of philosophy. Alex spies on Marie. Ivan hears about Juliette’s relationship with Alex and threatens her. Ivan and his gang, including Juliette, plan the theft of cars in a railway deposit The heist at the railway marshaling yard goes disastrously wrong when Ivan is shot dead. Juliette, who had been coerced into participating, against Jimmy’s wishes, is distraught by Ivan’s death. Emotional imbalance and self destructive, Juliette tries to commit suicide twice, first while staying with her brother and later while visiting Marie, after Ivan’s death. Marie has her interned in a psychiatric hospital to recuperate. Alex asks Marie for the address of Juliette’s clinic, but she has disappeared. In search of Juliette, Marie visits her housing estate apartment. After Ivan’s cremation, Alex makes an effort to connect with his nephew without much success. On a local fair, Justin threatens Alex with a gun. Justin learns the truth about his father’s death from his grandfather Victor. Marie visits Alex, who tells her Juliette was involved in the heist and that he is trying to find her. Alex and Marie develop an uneasy friendship as they bid, from a distance, to protect Juliette. Later Alex visits Marie and finds she has become a recluse, writing a book about Juliette. He tells her Juliette is safe because the police are looking for a boy. Later Alex hears that Marie has committed suicide as he receives her manuscript and the tapes of Juliette’s voice in the post. Alex goes to see Juliette in Marseilles, but leaves her alone when he sees she is well from a distance. She has builds a new life for herself and works in a bookshop. Justin has taken after his father and grandfather and do not like his uncle. By contrast, Justin gets along very well with Jimmy. Jimmy decides to marry Ivan's widow, Mireille.
17056.0	1.0	Seth , a sitcom writer-producer, meets Chelsea , an interior decorator, at his best friend's  wedding. He's immediately sexually attracted to her while she's instantly attracted to his single-ness. They both ditch their wedding dates and start their own date that same night. Chelsea changes from her bridesmaid dress into a sexy outfit and tells him that she has only one rule: she won't have sex with a guy until they have had at least three meals together. Seth proceeds to speed date through the evening ensuring that they actually eat three meals. They end up in the showroom of Chelsea’s job having sex on a four poster bed until Chelsea’s boss interrupts them and presumably fires Chelsea. The two become a couple, appearing very happy until after a couple of years of postponing a marriage proposal. When Chelsea realizes that Seth wants to remain single and together, she becomes quite bitter. In the next hour of the movie, the two engage in behavior that makes The War of the Roses look like child's play.
12034.0	1.0	Men and Women follows the travels of a young homosexual man, Xiao Bo, who goes to Beijing in search of a job. There he is taken in by Qing Jie, who not only gives him a home in her apartment, but also a job in her clothing store. While she tries to set Xiao Bo with her friend A Meng, Xiao Bo resists and eventually moves out when he is assaulted by Qing Jie's husband. He moves in with his friend, Chong Chong, with whom a romantic relationship is kindled. Qing Jie, meanwhile, discovers that she may have feelings for A Meng, and decides to leave her husband.
32779.0	0.0	Eddie Quinn's unruly wife Maureen drinks and smokes to excess, even though she is pregnant. Eddie has troubles of his own, disappearing for days at a time. When she is physically and sexually assaulted by Kiefer, a neighbor, it is more than Eddie can handle. He shoots someone and lands in a psychiatric hospital. Ten years go by. Eddie finally returns, only to find Maureen is now a clean, sober, solid citizen, married to a new man, Joey, and a mother of three children, one of whom is Eddie's own daughter. Eddie's return complicates and endangers all of their lives.
22430.0	0.0	Lea witnesses her mother's rape and murder by her father as a child and because of it speaks very little and writes poems to her mother. Lea then grows up with foster parents in a different part of Slovakia. Strehlow buys Lea, now aged 21, from her foster father and imprisons her in a castle in Germany, using the same tools Lea's father used to control Lea as a child and to kill Lea's mother. As Strehlow learns more of Lea's past, he permits her to continue writing to her mother. Lea dies of a stroke within a year of living with Strehlow.
10174.0	1.0	Three couples travel to Rottnest Island near Perth, Western Australia for the weekend. One of the couples announces that they intend to get married and when the bride-to-be tells the others that she is terminally ill, they make sure the wedding takes place that weekend.
3520.0	1.0	"{{plot|date1681, Cremona1793, ViennaLate 1890s, OxfordLate 1960s, Shanghai1997, Montréal""varnish"">Compare Henry Fountain. {{Cite web}} When the varnish samples arrive, Morritz is shocked to realize that the violin's varnish contains blood. At the same time, the manager of the auction, Leroux , and the lead auctioneer  confront Morritz about the expenses he has incurred and ask him the purpose of his inquiries. Morritz gives in and lets them know that the violin in question is indeed the Red Violin. Ruselsky is furious at this discovery as he believes that the violin should have been his. Using his own funds, Morritz has Williams buy the copy from London, and it arrives in time for the auction, Williams authenticating that it is indeed the closest copy to the real thing. With this, Morritz heads to Duval's, passing by the Pope foundation member in the process . He sees Ruselsky and they exchange glances, Ruselsky still furious at Morritz's deception. As the auction for the previous item winds down, Morritz, with Williams acting as a distraction, switches the Red Violin for its copy, accidentally dropping the auction tag in its storage area. As the copy is being sent to be bid on, Leroux notices that the tag is missing and is about to call security when Williams finds the tag. As the monks in Austria, the Pope Foundation member, Ming, and Mr. Ruselsky bid on the copy, Morritz rushes out, nearly getting run down by a car in the process. Ruselsky eventually beats out the other three bidding competitors for the copy. On his way back to the airport, Morritz calls his wife at home in New York City and asks to speak to his daughter telling her he has a special present for her upon his return."
70.0	1.0	Priya Amal Raj  loses her mother at a very young age. She is friendly, outspoken, sensitive, yet precocious. Priya is brought up by her dad, Amal Raj  who is a clothing industrialist. Since her child hood priya is interested in singing, music and church. Thomas Thanga Durai , a polite, well mannered NRI business man, returns to India from America to look after his father's Thanga Durai's  business. Thanga Durai is a former associate in Amal Raj's business, and now establishes his own business empire in the same vicinity, opposite to Amal Raj's factory. He boasts of his sons achievements. However, Amal Raj dislikes Thanga Durai's ill mannered, clumsy and bizarre antics though Thomas and Priya have known each other in their child hood. Thomas, happens to meet Priya at her school when he goes to a woman's hostel to see his aunt, mother superior  a nun in that school church. Thomas takes Priya's help in surprising his aunt with a gift on her birthday. In the process, Thomas falls in love with priya but is unable to confess his love for her. Priya has been brought up in a convent school and wants to become a nun, much to the horror of Thomas and Priyas father. Thomas friend Shiva  takes him to hairstylist Deva  who is notorious at changing women's minds. Deva befriends priya to change her mind about being a nun. At one instance, priya performs singing at a Gala along with deva's troupe, which puts the troupe into the limelight of a recording theatre owner. Deva requests Priya to join his aspiring music troop as a singer and help them achieve the group's aspiration for a film audition and priya agrees to it. Deva with his musical troupe  play tricks to make Priya fall in love with Thomas, but fails to turn Priya's mind towards Thomas. Instead, Deva himself falls in love with Priya and she reciprocates. Complications arise when Priya falls in love with Deva instead, and at the same juncture, Thomas confesses his love to priya and reveals the shocking truth behind Deva's association with priya. Torn between the two men, a broken hearted Priya decides to vow for Nun trainee and fails to fulfill her promise for the group's music audition. Thomas realises this at the end and sacrifices his love. Thomas and his Aunt convince priya out of celibacy and marry Deva. Thomas becomes a church priest as he naturally leads a life of service to the poor, sacrifice and mental chastity.
16702.0	1.0	"Jerry Maguire  is a glossy 35-year-old sports agent working for Sports Management International . After suffering a nervous breakdown as a result of stress and a guilty conscience, he writes a mission statement about perceived dishonesty in the sports management business and how he believes that it should be operated. He distributes copies of it, entitled ""The Things We Think and Do Not Say: The Future of Our Business"". His co-workers are touched by his honesty and greet him with applause, but the management sends Bob Sugar , Maguire's protégé, to fire him. Jerry and Sugar call all of Jerry's clients to try to convince them not to hire the services of the other. Jerry speaks to Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Rod Tidwell , one of his clients who is disgruntled with his contract. Rod tests Jerry's resolve through a very long telephone conversation, which culminates in the famed ""Show Me the Money!"" scene. Meanwhile, Sugar secures most of Jerry's previous clients. Frank ""Cush"" Cushman , a superstar quarterback prospect from Southern Methodist University expected to be #1 in the NFL Draft, also stays with Jerry after he makes a visit to the Cushman home. Leaving the office, Jerry announces he will start his own agency and asks if anyone is willing to join him, to which only 26-year-old single mother Dorothy Boyd  agrees. The two had previously bumped into each other in the airport and Boyd had told Maguire personally how inspiring she found his ""memo."" Jerry travels to the NFL Draft with Cush and convinces Rod to come too, to meet representatives of other NFL teams. Though Rod at first feels neglected compared to the superstar Cush, Sugar contacts Matt Cushman , Cush's dad, while Jerry is in the lobby with Rod and re-signs Cush to SMI. Jerry is devastated and turns to his fiancée Avery  for support, but she rebukes him and he breaks up with her. He then turns to Dorothy, becoming closer to her young son, Ray, and eventually starts a relationship with her. However, Dorothy contemplates moving to San Diego as she has a secure job offer there. Jerry concentrates all his efforts on Rod, now his only client, who turns out to be very difficult to satisfy. Over the next several months, the two direct harsh criticism towards each other with Rod claiming that Jerry is not trying hard enough to get him a contract while Jerry claims that Rod is not proving himself worthy of the money for which he asks. Jerry marries Dorothy to help them both stay afloat financially and to keep her from moving away. He is emotionally and physically distant during the marriage, but is clearly invested in becoming a father to Ray. Although Dorothy is in love, she breaks up with him because she believes he does not love her. Before the start of a Monday Night Football game between the Cardinals and the Dallas Cowboys, Sugar attempts to steal Rod, but is rebuked by Rod and Jerry. The two reconcile soon after. Rod plays well but appears to receive a serious injury when catching a touchdown. He recovers, however, and dances for the crowd, which cheers wildly. Afterwards, Jerry and Rod embrace in front of other athletes and sports agents and show how their relationship has progressed from a strictly business one to a close personal one, which was one of the points Jerry made in his mission statement. Jerry then flies back home to meet Dorothy. He walks in and, in front of her friends, says ""Hello."" He then speaks for several minutes, telling her that he loves her and wants her in his life, ending with the statement, ""You complete me."" Dorothy's reply to Jerry is, ""You had me at hello"". Rod later appears on Roy Firestone's sports show. Unbeknownst to him, Jerry has secured him an $11.2 million contract with the Cardinals that will allow him to finish his pro football career in Arizona. The visibly emotional Rod proceeds to thank everyone and extends warm gratitude to Jerry. Jerry speaks with several other pro athletes, some of whom have read his earlier mission statement and respect his work with Tidwell. The film ends with Jerry, Dorothy and Ray walking in the park and stumbling across a Little League baseball game. When the ball lands near them, Ray throws it back; a surprised Jerry then comments on his natural throwing ability , much to Dorothy's dismay."
4604.0	0.0	Mu-hoon, a gangster in Busan, is the half brother of Ha-young, a successful photographer. When Mu-hoon is caught having an affair with his boss' mistress, Eun-joo, the two run off with their organization's money. They are soon caught, but although Mu-hoon escapes, Eun-joo is given a scar on her cheek as punishment, and sold into prostitution. A year later, Mu-hoon finds a photograph of Eun-joo in Ha-young's studio, but although he is able to rescue her, he is eventually tracked down by the mob. Threatened with Eun-joo's death, Mu-hoon accepts a job to kill a man, only to discover that his target is in fact his best friend, Man-soo.
1755.0	0.0	In the 19th century, an English couple and their infant son escape a burning ship, ending up on land near uncharted rainforests off the coast of Africa. The couple craft themselves a treehouse from their ship's wreckage, but are subsequently killed by Sabor, a rogue leopardess. Kala, a female gorilla who recently lost her own child to Sabor, hears the cries of the orphaned human infant and finds him in the ruined treehouse. Though she is attacked by Sabor, Kala and the baby manage to escape. Kala takes the baby back to the gorilla troop to raise as her own, despite her mate Kerchak's disapproval. Kala raises the human child, naming him Tarzan. Though he befriends other gorillas in the troop and other animals, including the young female gorilla Terk and the paranoid male elephant Tantor, Tarzan finds himself unable to keep up with them, so he takes great efforts to improve himself. As a young man, Tarzan is able to kill Sabor with his crude spear and protect the troop, earning Kerchak's reluctant respect. The gorilla troop's peaceful life is interrupted by the arrival of a team of human explorers from England, consisting of Professor Porter, his daughter Jane, and their hunter-guide Clayton. Jane is accidentally separated from the group and chased by a pack of baboons. Tarzan saves her from the baboons. He recognizes that she is the same as he is: a human. Jane leads Tarzan back to the explorers' camp, where both Porter and Clayton take great interest in him — the former in terms of scientific progress while the latter hoping to have Tarzan lead him to the gorillas so that he can capture them and return with them to England. Despite Kerchak's warnings to be wary of the humans, Tarzan continues to return to the camp and be taught by Porter, Clayton, and Jane to speak English and learn of the human world, and he and Jane begin to fall in love. However, they are having a hard time convincing Tarzan to lead him to the gorillas, due to Tarzan's fear for their safety from the threat of Kerchak. When the explorers' boat returns to retrieve them, Clayton makes Tarzan believe that Jane will stay with him forever if he reveals the gorillas. Tarzan agrees and leads the party to the nesting grounds, while Terk and Tantor lure Kerchak away to avoid having him attack the humans. Porter and Jane are excited to mingle with the gorillas, but Kerchak returns and threatens to kill them. Tarzan is forced to hold Kerchak at bay while the humans escape, and then leaves the troop himself, now alienated by his actions. Kala takes Tarzan to the treehouse she found him in, and shows him his true past, encouraging him to leave with Jane and the others. When Tarzan returns to the ship with Jane and Porter, they are ambushed by Clayton and his band of stowaway pirates and locked in the brig. Tarzan manages to escape with the help of his friends, and he races back to the gorilla home. Kerchak and Tarzan together battle Clayton; Kerchak is fatally shot while Tarzan is chased by Clayton into vine-covered trees. After a fierce battle with Tarzan, Clayton is finally killed when he falls with a vine around his neck, hanging him. Kerchak, in his dying breath, accepts Tarzan as his own and names him the leader of the gorilla pack. The rest of the gorillas are freed after scaring away the rest of Clayton's men. The next day, as Porter and Jane prepare to leave on the ship, Tarzan reveals that he now plans to stay with the gorilla troop. As the ship leaves shore, Porter encourages his daughter to stay with the man she loves, and Jane jumps overboard to return to shore; Porter shortly follows her. The Porters reunite with Tarzan and his family and embark on their new life together.
28027.0	0.0	In April 1975, civil war breaks out; Beirut is partitioned along a Muslim-Christian line and is divided into East and West Beirut. Tarek is in high school, making Super 8 movies with his friend, Omar. At first the war is a lark: school has closed, the violence is fascinating, getting from West to East is a game. His mother wants to leave; his father refuses. Tarek spends time with May, a Christian, orphaned and living in his building. By accident, Tarek goes to an infamous brothel in the war-torn Olive Quarter, meeting its legendary madam, Oum Walid. He then takes Omar and May there. Family tensions rise. As he comes of age, the war moves inexorably from adventure to tragedy.
36371.0	0.0	Dr. Stephen Fleming, a British cabinet minister, lives a pleasant life with wife Ingrid and young daughter Sally. His older son, Martyn, is a rising journalist. At a party, Stephen meets a young half-French woman named Anna Barton, who introduces herself as a close friend of Martyn's; it is immediately apparent, however, that Stephen and Anna are intensely attracted to each other. When Martyn visits his parents in London, he brings Anna with him, revealing that they are romantically involved. The sexual tension between Stephen and Anna is clear, though their significant others are oblivious to this. Despite her relationship with Martyn, Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her apartment. Stephen's obsession with Anna deepens. After an international summit adjourns in Brussels, he travels to Paris to meet her instead of going home. While Martyn is still sleeping in a Paris hotel room, Stephen and Anna have sex in an open doorway in broad daylight. Afterwards, Stephen checks into a hotel across the street from Anna and Martyn's, spying on the couple through his window. Eventually, Stephen's infatuation with Anna reaches a point where he desires to be with her permanently, even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son. Anna dissuades Stephen from doing this, reassuring him that as long as she is with Martyn, he will always have access to her. During a visit to Anna's apartment, Stephen finds that another man named Peter has already arrived. Peter&nbsp;— unaware of Stephen's affair with Anna&nbsp;— tells him that they are former lovers. A jealous Stephen initially assumes that Anna is cheating on him and, when Peter leaves, confronts her about his presence. Anna denies carrying on with Peter, and then describes in detail the death of her brother, who had committed suicide after expressing an incestuous desire for her. She recounts that she had compulsively slept with Peter in order to grieve over her brother's death, which she had witnessed. Stephen is placated by this explanation, and the couple engage in passionate sex. The Flemings travel to their country estate to celebrate Ingrid's birthday. During a meal there, Martyn announces his engagement to Anna, which visibly disturbs Stephen. That night, after Stephen receives oral sex from Anna, Sally&nbsp;— fetching a glass of water&nbsp;— catches them outside of Anna's room. Soon after, an anxious Stephen lies to Sally about what she saw, telling her that he was merely trying to console Anna about the upcoming marriage. Later, the Flemings have an awkward lunch with Anna's mother, who notices the awkward behavior between Anna and Stephen. She correctly deduces that they are having an affair and, during a car ride with Stephen, warns him to put an end to it. Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship. He tries to confess his misdeeds to both Martyn and Ingrid, but shies away from doing so both times. However, after Stephen succumbs to temptation and anonymously phones Anna's apartment, she mails him keys to a renovated flat where they can meet. When Anna visits his home, she tells Stephen that she couldn't marry Martyn without being with him. They go to the flat at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst, but Martyn&nbsp;— having been guided to the flat by chance&nbsp;— finds them in bed together. Stunned, he falls over a stairway railing and plunges to his death. A devastated Stephen clutches Martyn's body while Anna silently leaves the scene. Stephen's affair is exposed and becomes the subject of a media frenzy, with a mob of reporters convening outside his house. Inside, an anguished Ingrid reacts to the day's events by questioning whether he had ever been in love with her. It is strongly suggested that their marriage ends. Stephen, now publicly disgraced, is also forced to resign from his cabinet position. He meets Anna's mother at a hotel and finds that Anna is staying with her; they say nothing as they meet for the last time. Stephen withdraws from his old life and retires to an unknown location in Europe. In narration, he reveals that Anna now has a child with Peter. In his flat, a photo of himself with Anna and Martyn&nbsp;— blown up to life size&nbsp;— hangs on his wall. He stares at Anna's frozen image, still gripped by his obsession for her.
26230.0	0.0	"Durga Singh is a poor woman raising her two sons Karan and Arjun. Her sons give her bangles, which she says she shall give to the woman they marry. Later, when the Munim of an aging Thakur comes to talk to Durga, Karan and Arjun learn that their father is dead. Durga reveals that their father was the Thakur's son, who had married her against his father's wishes. Durjan Singh, a servant of Thakur, killed Durga's husband to prevent him, Durga or their sons from inheriting the Thakur's estate. Karan and Arjun learn from her that the dying Thakur wants to give his estate to his grandchildren before dying. Here, Durjan kills his master when latter learns the truth. Later, he kills both Karan and Arjun in front of Durga's eyes. Durga cannot accept that her sons have died. She prays to Goddess Kali to bring them back. Miraculously, Durga's prayers are heard and her sons are reborn but into different families with no knowledge of their past lives - Durga is unaware of this miracle. For 20 years she keeps persuading the people of her village that Karan and Arjun will come back. Durjan and his family often imitate her and his brothers-in-law, Shamsher and Nahar mockingly give her garlands to put on her picture of Karan and Arjun - Durga vows to place the garlands over their dead bodies. Arjun is reincarnated as Vijay. He works in a stable with his uncle after his parents die. He wins the heart of Sonia Saxena. They spend a lot of time together but neither knows that Sonia is to marry Durjan Singh's son,Suraj. Karan is reincarnated as Ajay, a professional fighter. He soon works for Saxena, Sonia's father and Durjan Singh's partner. Karan and Arjun still have nightmares about their deaths in previous lives, and none knows why. On learning about Vijay, Suraj sets his stable on fire and believes Vijay has died. However, later at Sonia and Suraj's engagement party, Vijay arrives and attacks Suraj. Ajay is sent to kill Vijay and the two start fighting. Here, Durga is given a sign of this when her photo of her sons falls. She rushes to the temple and prays. Vijay and Ajay suddenly stop fighting. Saxena tries to shoot Vijay but Ajay stops him whilst shouting ""Bhaag, Arjun, Bhaag!"". This is something that Ajay said to Vijay in their previous lives when they were being attacked by Durjan's men. Ajay is sent to prison whilst Vijay escapes. Vijay is confused about the incident, mostly because he had dreamt of somebody saying those exact words to him. Sonia is forcibly being taken to Durjan Singh's house to marry Suraj. She writes to Vijay begging him to come and rescue her. Vijay and his friend travel to save Sonia. Everybody who sees him is stunned and calls him Arjun. He remembers the details in flashes and reunites with Durga. Vijay saves Ajay and explains him the whole situation while heading back to save Sonia. Ajay refuses to believe, but when Durjan's brothers-in-law attack Durga, Ajay is also convinced and fights them off with Vijay. Durjan hears about Karan and Arjun returning but refuses to believe it so his brothers-in-law attempt to bring them before him. In the process they are killed and Durga places the garlands they gave her over their dead bodies. At the village temple, rituals are held for Sonia and Suraj's wedding. Karan and Arjun have teamed up with their allies and frighten Durjan by convincing him that they are back. Soon, Saxena and Durjan have a fallout, after which a fearful Saxena tells Sonia to run away with Vijay. Sonia meets Vijay, but just as everybody is helping them, Durjan and Saxena arrive, making them realize that it was a ruse. Ajay succeeds in creating a diversion, letting Vijay and Sonia escape. Vijay kills Suraj, upon which Durjan kills Saxena in a fit of rage. After all his henchmen are killed, Durjan attempts to kill Karan and Arjun. They overpower him until he falls on his knees. He runs to Durga and begs her for forgiveness. However, she orders her sons to kill him for revenge. They do so and Durga places the garland he gave her over his dead body, fulfilling the promises she made to him. Later, Arjun marries Sonia and Karan marries Bindiya, after which Durga places the bangles her sons gave her on her daughters-in-law's wrists, as she promised Karan and Arjun 20 years ago."
26304.0	1.0	Burke and Sage play brothers Bill and Dennis, who reunite after their anarchist father escapes from the hospital. Bill is angry after being double-crossed after a robbery by his girlfriend, and he promises to break the heart of the next woman he meets, while Dennis is fresh out of college and somewhat naive about the world. Dennis is set on finding their father, and Bill is broke, so they set off to find him. Their motorcycle breaks down near a diner in the middle of nowhere, where they meet the beautiful Kate, mysterious Elina, and short-tempered Martin. They decide to stay for a few days and gradually become entangled in local life.
25427.0	1.0	Jordan  is a successful businessman with commitment issues, so friends decided to match him with an NBC worker, Sarah  who is going through some emotional issues. Theya agree to sleep together after Jordan reveals he doesn't know the name of a woman he recently slept with. But later they decide to become a romantic couple. However after their first fight, the relationship is over. Jordan later realises how important Sarah is to him and proceeds to try to win her back.30 Days movie review Contact Music. Retrieved on 11 September 2010FILM IN REVIEW; '30 Days' New York Times. 15 September 2000
5535.0	1.0	The film is circular in plot as well as in a number of other ways . The film is centered around an incestuous love relationship between step-siblings. The two meet one day after school, when Ana's father dies, and her mother marries his father. Ana believes that Otto is the reincarnation of her father, but eventually the two of them fall in love. For a number of reasons, they are eventually separated, and Otto becomes a pilot flying between Spain and the Arctic Circle. Ana moves to the same area to leave behind her past and past lovers, and tries to get in touch with him again. In the end, however, one of the main characters dies in a freak accident. Told by Ana's point of view, she and Otto are reunited, and in Otto's point of view, Ana dies. The deaths and lives of the characters are made more confusing through anachronisms and plot details.
31657.0	1.0	"Kate  is struggling in the advertising business in New York; she cannot move forward despite her talent. Her boss, Mr. Mercer , passes her up for a promotion because she is ""not stable enough"". Her co-worker, Darcy, invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick , a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts, with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend's wedding. All seems to work out well for Kate. After Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news, Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife. She asks Nick to ""break up"" with her. Nick, who already likes Kate, complies to please Kate. Meanwhile, Sam , a colleague that Kate had always wanted, takes notices of her. They have sex twice. As Kate and Nick get to know each other, she starts to like him. The night of the dinner arrives and Kate and Nick are prepared for their ""big fight"". But, Nick tries to suppress the ""fight"" by complimenting her and expressing the desire for a future with Kate. However, Kate just wants the ""fight"" to happen. At the dinner table, Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight but it doesn't work. She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make it seem like Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend. At first Nick is a bit lost but figures it out and finally plays along. After a week, feeling guilty, Kate admits to Mercer  her cover-up, stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted, repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability. Mercer pays a visit to Kate's office, where she tells him she's quitting. Mercer counters by admitting to her how he exaggerated his own past at one point in his life, and suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick. Kate walks in while Nick is recording a wedding, and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she humiliates herself in front of the soon-to-be-married couple, as Nick did in front of her boss earlier. Satisfied that the playing field has been leveled, he invites her to the wedding reception as his guest. They make up after Kate accepts."
30654.0	0.0	Newly married couple K. Krishnamurthy ([[Rajendra Prasad  works as an art director in Mumbai and his wife Satyabhama  as a stenographer in Kerala for a low salary. To solve their financial problems they seek a job in a big company and pretend to be unmarried as their boss  would give job only to one member in a family. This has slight resemblance to the 1955 classic movie Missamma where couples pretend to be married but here it's the other way around.
16410.0	1.0	High school student Brad  has had an unrequited crush on a classmate named Brooke  for years. After she asks him to come over one night to tutor her, she ends up wanting to have sex with him. But she only wants safe sex, and he does not have a condom. (The use of Trojan in the title is an obvious pun on the [[Trojan  In his quest to buy some condoms, he runs into all sorts of trouble; his dad's Jaguar gets stolen and then wrecked, he has a run-in with a crazy bus driver , he is held hostage, he is pursued by a school janitor  who accuses him of tagging, an odd pair of hispanic siblings  who think he is David Hasselhoff, Brooke's dog, Brooke's jealous boyfriend Kyle , and a homeless man  who wants two dollars from him , and he is nearly arrested. After all of this and finally receiving a condom from a police officer who releases him, he realizes that the perfect girl has been there for him all along: his best friend Leah , who has had feelings for him for a long time unbeknownst to Brad. Finally, Brad realizes his own feelings for Leah while also discovering Brooke is not as great as he thought she was, after he finds out that she only wants a one night stand with him instead of a relationship. Brad runs out to find Leah and admits his feelings to her, kissing each other by the moonlight. After the end credits, Brad's parents are shocked by the sight of what is left of their car after the tow truck driver brings it back.
34663.0	1.0	Robert Urich is a lawyer who's fallen in love with a woman who's married to a dying millionaire and the whole story results in a love triangle.
26750.0	1.0	Wealthy Suraj lives in a palatial house with his mom and dad. When the time comes for his marriage, his parents find a suitable match for him. He instead marries a woman from a poor family, antagonizing his parents, who ask him to make a choice between his wife and them. Suraj chooses to stay with his wife and moves out. Years later, Suraj's dad dies, leaving his mom alone to look after the business and the vast estate, and making her promise that she will never welcome Suraj, his wife, nor any of their children in this house. Suraj and his wife tragically pass away due to an accident, leaving behind a son named Raja. One day grandmother Anjali receives a telegram informing her of Raja coming to live with her. She instructs her servants not to let Raja inside the house, so he pitches a tent on her lawn and lives there, hoping one day to win her over and be invited in the house. He succeeds, and Anjali welcomes him with open arms. Since he is of marriageable age, she would like him to marry a beautiful young woman by the name of Sonu Rai, the daughter of wealthy Sampat Rai. But Raja is in love with Chhaya , a servant in their household, which is quite unacceptable to Anjali. Over at Chhaya's house, her brother, Shankar, opposes her marriage with Raja, and would like her to marry Maniram. It seems as though history is all set to repeat itself as Chhaya and Raja have sworn to marry each other and no one else.
2634.0	1.0	In a typical English working-class town, the juveniles have nothing more to do than hang around in gangs. One day, Alan Darcy , a highly motivated man with the same kind of youth experience, starts trying to get the young people off the street and into doing something they can believe in: Boxing. Soon he opens a training facility which is accepted gratefully by them and the gangs start to grow together into friends. Darcy manages to organize a public fight for them to prove what they have learned. A training camp with hiking tours into the mountains of Wales forge the group into a tight-knit club society. With the day of the fight drawing closer, the young boxers get more and more excited.
35993.0	0.0	"Pyar Hua Chori Chori is the story of a simple man Vijay , looking for quick money for his son's operation. He was offered the ""Job"" to act as a husband for a rich, wealthy girl Radha  due to circumstances. The make-believe marriage finally ends up in love with each other. But Vijay has a dark past, which would hurt every one. Can he manage to survive ?"
31468.0	0.0	The film is about Rahul , a middle class man, reveling in a job with extra earnings made by helping his boss deal with his multiple extra-marital affairs. His boss, Siddharth , is a lustful person who has deviously trapped a rich woman  and married her to own her huge property. Seema  is an ambitious young woman and an aspiring model. Rahul and Seema meet but Siddharth, too, falls for her and asks Rahul to help him trap her. A helpless Rahul does so. But deep somewhere, Rahul has a soft corner for Seema. Seema is impressed by Siddharth and is forced by him to act as Rahul's wife to fool Siddharth's wife. But Seema slowly understands Rahul's purity of heart and begins liking him when they go abroad for a shooting schedule. But they face a problem. Rahul's mother  is a heart patient and is sensitive to any shocking news. Bhushan  uses Rahul and tells his mother that Rahul is married. To keep his mother happy, Rahul and Seema are forced to carry the drama and they fall in love during the process. When Siddharth learns the reality, he fires Rahul. True love triumphs as Seema decides to let a luxurious life go for true love.
31650.0	1.0	"Julia Mann  and Kevin Vallick  are insomniac writers who fall in love, but their romance is thrown for a loop because both are writing speeches for rival candidates in a New Mexico election. Julia is working for the Democratic candidate and Kevin for the Republican candidate. Also complicating matters are Kevin's ex-wife , who is also on the Republican campaign trail, and ""Mr. Flack Jacket,"" television reporter ""Bagdad Bob"" Freed , Julia's estranged fiance, who wants her back."
30590.0	1.0	"Pearl Kantrowitz  and her husband Marty  are a lower middle class Jewish couple in New York City, where Marty is a television repairman. The movie begins with the couple and their family including their teenage daughter Alison  and young son Danny  and Marty's mother Lillian  going to their summer camp retreat, Dr. Folger's Bungalows, which they attend each summer. Marty is forced to work away from home and hence, he only visits the family on weekends. This leaves Pearl feeling lonely and isolated. Pearl got pregnant at the age of 17 and she feels she missed enjoying her youth. With the absence of Marty, Pearl is attracted to the new ""Blouse Man"" Walker Jerome . Meanwhile, Alison is neglected and she experiences her first period, her first date, and her first kiss as she enters a relationship with another boy at the camp, Ross Epstein. Marty is unable to visit the family because he has to repair more TV sets than usual, due to the impending moon landing. While the whole town celebrates the historic moonwalk, Pearl has sex with Walker. Marty's mother Lillian learns of the affair and tries to persuade Pearl to break it off. The affair continues and when Marty can't get up to visit on the weekend because of the traffic jam caused by the Woodstock festival, which is within walking distance of the bungalow colony, Pearl goes to the festival, and unbeknownst to her, Alison goes as well with Ross and her friends despite her mother previously forbidding it. Alison observes Pearl carousing with the blouse man. Marty learns of the affair and confronts Pearl while Alison confronts her mother in an emotional scene. Pearl is forced to deal with her love of her family and her conflicting yearning for marital freedom. Pearl finally makes her decision to stay with Marty and tells Walker she cannot go away with him. Jerome says he understands. The final scene shows Pearl and Marty dancing together, first to Dean Martin's ""When You're Smiling"" and then to Jimi Hendrix's ""Purple Haze"", after Marty changes the station."
36877.0	0.0	The action is taking place in Montréal, Québec. Claire is a teacher and lives alone. Her lover, Milosh, is married and their relationship is strained. Claire's sister, Annie, a lawyer, has a problem. The visa of her client Pablo, a political refugee from Latin America, is about to expire. She asks Claire to marry him so he can remain in Canada. Claire relunctantly agrees. Before the modest civil ceremony can be concluded, immigration agents arrive, but everyone escapes. Claire's mother is thrilled to arrange a big church wedding and reception instead. Afterwards, Claire and Pablo go their separate ways. But soon, immigration agents are back knowing what's going on and the two are forced to live together.
10731.0	1.0	"Maggie Carpenter  is a spirited and attractive young woman who has had a number of unsuccessful relationships. Maggie, nervous of being married, has left a trail of fiances. It seems, she's left three men waiting for her at the altar on their wedding day , receiving tabloid fame and the dubious nickname ""The Runaway Bride"". Meanwhile, in New York, reporter Homer Eisenhower Graham or ""Ike"" , writes a column about her that contains several factual errors, supplied to him by one of Maggie's jilted exes for revenge. He's fired for not verifying his source and then decides to write an in-depth article about Maggie in a bid to get his job back. He travels to Hale, Maryland, where he finds her living with her family and on her fourth attempt to become married. The fourth groom-to-be, Bob Kelly , a football coach at the local high school who treats Maggie like one of the players on his sports team. He constantly makes references to Maggie ""focusing"" on the goal-line. While doing research for his story, Ike's realizations are forcing Maggie to face her fears, and eventually the two find themselves becoming more and more attracted to each other. In the meantime, Maggie is still set to marry Bob. In the midst of the wedding rehearsal, Bob helps walk Maggie down the aisle, and asks Ike to stand in his place as the groom. This proves to be a mistake, when Ike and Maggie ""practice"" the kiss right in front of Bob, finally admitting their feelings for one another. As a result, Bob punches Ike in the face before storming out of the church. Soon after, Ike and Maggie agree to marry since the wedding is already set to take place. But on the day of the wedding, Maggie gets cold feet, and leaves Ike, too, standing at the altar. As she rides away on a FedEx truck, Ike runs after her, but can't catch up. Later, we see Ike living in New York and Maggie trying to discover herself, trying different types of eggs, and putting her lighting designs up for sale in New York. She shows up unexpectedly at Ike's apartment one night where he finds her making friends with his cat, Italics. Maggie then explains that she's been running because every other guy she was engaged to was only engaged to the idea she had created for them rather than the real her- and when she was marrying Ike she was simply freaked out at the crowd-, and ""turns in"" her running shoes just before proposing to Ike. The two are married in a private ceremony outside, on a hill, avoiding the big ceremonies that drove Maggie away in the past. In the end, they are shown riding away on horseback while everyone celebrates the fact that Maggie finally got married."
8179.0	1.0	Ajay Sharma  is a photographer, Anita  is a model, both of them work for the same agency. Ajay has fallen in love with Anita, and thinks that she is also in love with him. But Anita only takes him for a friend. She gets engaged to Vikram , and the marriage is to take place soon. Ajay still believes that Anita loves him, and he also starts making preparation for his marriage with Anita. Anita must now take appropriate steps to stop Ajay's obsession with her, before the matter gets out of hand. However Anita realizes the person whom she is marrying does not love her and the situation turns such that she realizes Ajay's love for her and the film ends on happy note. Though the film contained the hit pair of Aamir and Madhuri, it crashed miserably at the box office.
12010.0	1.0	Lovely Pinky Malhotra  is a heart-breaker in the college where she studies, and has a number of young men who would lay down their lives for her. Amongst them are Sunil  and Vicky. She is attracted to Sunil, and both carry on a romantic relationship, hoping to get married after finishing college. Before that could happen, Pinky finds out that Sunil has been two-timing her as he is already dating another young collegian. Angered and hurt at this, she decides she will have nothing to do with him, and starts her romance with Vicky. Sunil, who does not know what has transpired, wants to talk to Pinky with a view of rekindling their romance, but Pinky refuses to speak with him. The question remains is Sunil really in love with another girl, and if so, why did he take the trouble to woo Pinky?<ref nameReview of Jaan Tere Naam|urlIMDB}}
34284.0	0.0	"The film follows various plot arcs all occurring on New Year's Eve of 1981. Monica  is throwing a big New Year's bash and is desperately afraid no one will attend. Early on the only person to have arrived is her friend Hillary . As she tries to convince Hillary to stay, we learn about various other groupings of individuals who are all on their way. The film follows several characters as they spend New Year's Eve in New York City before eventually showing up at Monica's party. The characters are: Val  and Stephie , teens from Ronkonkoma who get lost in the seedy Alphabet City section of the borough and wander into a punk club where they meet Dave  and Tom , who have a ""package"" they need to deliver; ditsy and awkward Cindy  who is on a dinner date with the paranoid Jack ; Lucy  and her best friend Kevin  who are struggling with the sexual tension between them; Kevin's feminist ex girlfriend Ellie , who walks in on Kevin and Lucy mid-coitus in a restroom stall; a dim-witted and flirtatious bartender ; competitive friends Bridget  and Caitlyn  who attempt to ditch Bridget's boyfriend Eric  ; and the eccentric cab driver  who takes them all around town throughout the evening in his disco themed taxi. Eventually, all the characters find their way to the party, although in the meantime Monica has passed out after drowning her sorrows in alcohol. She wakes up the next morning to find many unrecognizable people on her floor, including Stephie who tells her what a big hit her party was. Monica is thrilled , especially when she finds out that Elvis Costello showed up. The final montage shows Polaroids of the party, narrated by the disco cabbie, mostly featuring the unlikely romances from the party and the unconscious Monica being propped up by her party guests."
23393.0	0.0	A photographer is sent to Armenia to take pictures of churches for a calendar. He slowly begins to realise that his wife, an Armenian translator, is falling in love with their driver and unofficial guide, Ashot. They grow more and more distant from each other and finally separate. Later, at his home in Toronto, he uses an escort agency to invite a number of women to dinner, finally settling on the one who looks and sounds most like his wife.
34602.0	0.0	In 19th century London, young Polly Peachum falls for the famous womanizing criminal Macheath and they decide to get married, but because of her family's disapproval, her father  has MacHeath arrested.
32224.0	0.0	New York cartoonist Duffy Bergman  marries gourmet chef Meg Lloyd . Meg decides she wants to have a baby, and Duffy eventually agrees. After unsuccessfully trying for some time impregnate Meg, to comfort her, Duffy encourages her to focus on her career and come back to the issue of having a child later. After his mother's death, Duffy becomes fixated on wanting to have a child, which Meg no longer sees as a priority, as she's trying to open her own restaurant. The two start to have marital problems, leading to the two separating. Duffy speaks at a Delta Gamma sorority convention in Arizona and explains that the Delta Gammas have always been his dream girls—his Love Goddesses. There he meets the much younger Daphne Delillo . When Daphne moves to New York to work as a network sports reporter, their attraction develops into a relationship. Eventually she becomes pregnant, and although Duffy is happy to be having a baby, he become uncomfortable with how fast their relationship is progressing. Daphne eventually has a miscarriage. Duffy decides to stay with her, but Daphne breaks up with him, stating that they were really staying in the relationship for the baby. At his father's wedding, he hears news about Meg and goes to her restaurant and tries to reconcile with her, stating that he doesn't care if they don't have a baby and that he wants to be with her. He discovers that she has adopted a baby boy, and the two get back together.
3362.0	1.0	Trust concerns the unusual romance/friendship between two young misfits wandering the same Long Island town. When Maria , a recent high school dropout, announces her unplanned pregnancy to her family, her father dies of heart failure, her mother immediately evicts her from the household and her boyfriend breaks up with her. Lonely and with nowhere to go, Maria wanders her town in search of a place to stay. Along the way, she meets Matthew , a highly educated and extremely moody electronics repairman. Matthew was recently fired from his job repairing television sets after the company orders him to cut corners to the detriment of customers, and he refuses. The two begin an unusual and curiously asexual romance built on their sense of mutual identification and trust. The lovers' families continue to interfere with their fragile and largely conceptual relationship.
25497.0	1.0	In the present, siblings Michael and Carolyn arrive at the Iowa farmhouse of Francesca Johnson, their recently-deceased mother, to see about the settlement of their mother's estate. As they go through the contents of her safe deposit box and the will, they are baffled to discover that their mother left very specific instructions that her body be cremated and her ashes thrown off the nearby Roseman Covered Bridge, which is not in accordance with the burial arrangements they had known from their parents. Michael initially refuses to comply, while Carolyn discovers a set of photos of her mother and a letter. She manages to convince Michael to set aside his initial reaction so they can read the documents she has discovered. Once alone, they go through a series of letters from a man named Robert Kincaid addressed to their mother, revealing that he had an affair with her in 1965. The siblings find their way to a chest where their mother left a letter, a series of diaries and other mementos. They discover their mother, an Italian war bride, had had a four-day affair with Robert Kincaid, a photographer who had come to Madison County, Iowa to shoot a photographic essay for National Geographic on the covered bridges in the area.{{cite web}} The affair took place while her husband and children were away at the Illinois State Fair. The story in the diaries also reveals the impact the affair had on Francesca and Robert’s lives, since they almost elope, but she stops at the last minute in consideration of a bigger picture that includes the consequences on the lives of her children and husband, while he finds meaning and his true calling as an artist. The story also has deep consequences on the lives of Michael and Carolyn, both of whom are facing marital issues, but their mother’s story helps them to find a sense of direction in their lives. At the end the Johnson siblings agree to their mother’s request.
16402.0	0.0	A poetic romance between Ishaan  and Suman ([[Tabu , set against the concrete Mumbai cityscape, opens the film. Ishaan, the only son of an affluent business family, and his contemporary peer, Sunny , the grandson of the head of the business house, are being groomed to take over the business. They share a strong male bonding, Ishaan's controlled and silent strength acting as an anchor to Sunny's flamboyance and recklessly violent streak. The business, a construction empire built by Ishaan's father, Nahar Singh  and Sunny's grandfather, is rooted in violent and unlawful activities. Ishaan, sheltered in comfort and security, begins to question his environment as his relationship with Suman, an idealistic young woman, opens a new world to him. As his love for her grows, so does his fear of losing her. Ishaan is caught between a life steeped in violence and his love for Suman who abhors violence. Torn by his desire to leave the world of crime, and his sense of loyalty to his father and his friend, Ishaan unwillingly gets drawn deeper into violence, and finds himself a participant in an act of gruesome cold-blooded massacre. The image of a young girl disabled by this violent act haunts his conscience. His quiet, but firm resolve, to withdraw from the business clashes with Nahar Singh's pragmatism , and with Sunny's refusal to release him from his oath of loyalty. The events escalate with Ishaan's arrest, and with Nahar Singh's murder. Ishaan is finally forced to make a choice between personal loyalty and a larger allegiance to society and truth. The story is parallel to Mario Puzo's The Last Don.
7472.0	0.0	"Don Pedro  and his noblemen are visiting their good friend Leonato  in Messina after having quashed the uprising led by Don John , the prince's bastard half-brother. Among the victors are the misogynistic and witty Benedick , erstwhile flame of Leonato's equally sharp-tongued and somewhat fierce niece, Beatrice , who is something of a misandrist, and Benedick's ""sworn brother"" Claudio , a young count. Claudio has been thinking fondly of Leonato's gentle and lovely daughter Hero  since before he went to war, and returns to find her as attractive as ever. Don Pedro, learning of his young friend's feelings, arranges the match at a party. Despite Don John's best efforts to foil it, the Prince's plan works out perfectly in the end. Needing something to pass the time until the wedding day, Don Pedro decides to arrange a similar fate for Beatrice and Benedick. Of course, both parties being such “professed tyrant[s]” to the opposite sex, this match will take a little more ingenuity. Leonato, Claudio and the Prince stage a loud conversation containing a fictitious account of how much Beatrice is in love with Benedick; all the while, knowing Benedick to be hiding well within earshot. Hero and her gentlewoman Ursula play the same trick upon Beatrice. Each of them believes the story they hear about the other. In the midst of all of this good-natured scheming, Don John and his men have been casting about for ways to stop the intended marriage between the man who “hath all the glory of [Don John's] overthrow” and the woman for whom one may suspect he has cherished some tender feeling. The night before the wedding, his servant Borachio arranges to meet with Hero's gentlewoman Margaret at Hero's chamber window. John shows his half-brother and Claudio the rendezvous and makes them believe that they are seeing Hero in the act of infidelity. Against the revelry of the evening, the constable Dogberry  appoints a watch to keep the peace. The three hapless watchmen happen to hear Borachio bragging to his colleague Conrade about how he and Don John had finally succeeded in wrecking the wedding plans. They make the arrest and send Dogberry in the morning to fetch Leonato for the examination, but the old gentleman is in too much of a hurry to try to decipher what the constable would say to him. Amidst the confusion, the villain has managed to escape to parts unknown before he can get his comeuppance. At the wedding, Claudio publicly disgraces his would-be bride and storms away along with all of the guests except for Ursula, the Friar, Leonato, Beatrice, her father Antonio, and Benedick. They all agree to the Friar's plan to publish the tale that Hero, upon the grief of Claudio's accusations, suddenly died. Beatrice and Benedick linger a moment, and wind up confessing their love to one another. In the wake of this declaration, Beatrice asks Benedick to do the one thing that will satisfy her outrage with what has just happened; she asks him to kill Claudio. He agrees, but it is with a heavy heart. Just after the challenge is issued, the story of Don John's deception comes to light, and the Prince and Claudio are sorely grieved for their grave mistake. Leonato forgives Claudio on the condition that he marry Hero's cousin on the next morning. Claudio agrees. When the bride is brought forth, she is revealed to be none other than Hero herself. They then profess their true and undying love for each other, as do Beatrice and Benedick when faced with written evidence  found in the pockets of each, Benedick's in the form of an endearingly poorly-written song. All are reconciled and Don John is discovered and promised punishment. The film ends with the whole of Leonato's household dancing in the courtyard, with the newlyweds at the center of them."
32585.0	0.0	Maya ([[Amala  was a spoiled child of a rich man. Along with her friends, she decides to make fun of a Dr. Srinivas . The doctor in turn insults her saying that she is a fatherless child. Maya discovers that her father had adopted her when she was baby and her biological mother was K. S Vasundhara Devi , famous singer. She tries her every bit to make her mom accept her. Finally her mother accepts Maya, but before she make this news to public, she is murdered by her administration employees for Vasundhara Devi's wealth. Maya kills her mother's killer's and she is sentenced to lifetime imprisonment. Srinivas marries her, while she undergoes sentence in Jail.
20363.0	1.0	Unni ([[Dileep  has many debts and no way to repay them. He decides to commit suicide so that his parents can use the insurance money to repay the debts, but he is saved by a fisherman named Gangadharan  and his employee Ramanan . When they notice Unni drowning, Unni pretends to be deaf and mute so that they will not understand the truth. Gangadharan has a debt of his own, to a Punjabi family of money lenders who have settled in Kerala. He asks Unni and Ramanan to work at their home until he can repay it. There Unni meets a Punjabi girl named Pooja (Mohini, who is partially deaf and completely mute. They fall in love and decide to get married. Unni's family finds out that he is not dead and they come to see him with his old girlfriend Sujatha , who allows Unni to marry Pooja.
17419.0	0.0	The film adaptation loosely follows the story of the novel but many of the characters have been changed. Edward Davis is now Sergeant William 'Dutch' Van Den Broeck, a Washington, D.C. police officer. Vivien Simpson is now Kay Chandler, a wealthy Republican Congresswoman with a teenage daughter. They meet when their spouses, Peyton and Cullen, are killed in a plane crash and realize that they were having an affair. The story evolves around the relationship between the two surviving spouses, as the tragedy envelopes their lives and affects his career as a police officer and her campaign for re-election to Congress.
16551.0	1.0	Ramón is a sexually active gay man with men coming and going from his bedroom. His best friend Esperanza is a single woman who can't seem to meet or like any men unless they are gay. Some would call Esperanza a fag hag, but she simply has great taste in men, she likes them gay! They go out together to the bars and Ramon always brings a man home while Esperanza goes home to an empty bed. She doesn't mind because she knows that she has Ramón's heart. That is until Ramón meets her fellow teacher, Roberto. Their relationship endangers the precious bond these two have formed. This colorful and somewhat hyper-active film is in the style of Almodóvar. There's always plenty of on-screen action, dialogue and color to keep the eyes and ears happy. It's a tender and intimate peek into the lives of two people that one seldom sees on screen. It seems as if Madrid is teeming with gorgeous gay men, after seeing Amor de Hombre it should be a stop in every gay man's life.
36209.0	0.0	Eddie  is trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables. Since he is a devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by taking a vow of celibacy. Sensing that her underling could use some fun, Eddie's boss -- known only as Middleman  -- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton . The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his homicidal line of work. In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates. Jason Alexander, Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran. Love and Action in Chicago premiered at the 1999 Toronto Film Festival.
10300.0	0.0	"Annamalai  and Ashok  have been best friends since childhood. Annamalai is a milkman while Ashok is the only son of a rich businessman . When Ashok falls in love with Geetha , a poor girl, his father is naturally against the wedding. Annamalai holds the wedding and earns his ire. Meanwhile, Annamalai falls for Subu , whom he subsequently marries. Ashok's father, plotting to drive a wedge between his son and Annamalai, hints that he would like to build a hotel on Annamalai's land. Annamalai gives the land to Ashok without even accepting money for it. When Ashok's father later talks about bringing down his house, he slaps Ashok's father in anger.{{??}} Ashok orders Annamalai's house to be bulldozed which drives Annamalai to challenge that he would become a bigger and more successful hotelier than his friend. Annamalai, with his hard work and honesty, becomes the biggest businessman in the city. Annamalai's daughter and Ashok's son study in the same college and they fall in love. Annamalai is against it because of the hatred that he has for Ashok. During an auction, Annamalai tricks Ashok to buy a plot for 12 crores which not worth more than 2. Ashok's house has to be sold for the debt of 12 crores and Annamalai buys it. With all goodness in heart and the old friendship in mind, Annamalai gives the house to Ashok. Annamalai's mother ([[Manorama  returns the house documents to Ashok and his father pleads for pardon. Meanwhile, Sargunam  plans to kill Ashok for money and hires an assassin . Annamalai saves him and they become friends again. They plan to get their children married to each other, and ""They live happily ever after."""
24321.0	0.0	Seth is a youth with artistic leanings, a rural white young man with a fascination with Black pop culture, and a dead-end life in an Adirondack village. He's alternatively sensitive and brutal with Kristen, who wants a sexual relationship that he explosively rejects. Late one night, as he's closing the cafe where he works, a young Black man, called Knowledge, attempts to rob him at gun point, but faints from illness. Seth takes the man, who is an escapee from a nearby local youthful offender boot camp. he nurses him in a family cabin and they begin a tentative friendship. When the sheriff learns of Seth's harboring a fugitive, a confrontation looms. Relationships between fathers and their children dominate the subplots
10425.0	0.0	"Before the opening credits begin, a dedication to Yusuf Hawkins is shown, who was killed on August 23, 1989, in Bensonhurst, New York, by neighborhood folk who believed the youth was involved with a white girl in the neighborhood, though he was actually in the neighborhood to inquire about a used car for sale in the area. Flipper Purify  is a successful, married African American man who works at an architectural firm in New York City. One day, an Italian American woman named Angela ""Angie"" Tucci  is hired as a temporary secretary at the place. Flipper complains to his partners Jerry  and Leslie  about wanting an African American secretary; they tell him that they want ""the best human being for the job."" When Flipper returns to his Harlem home after visiting his friend Cyrus , he tells his wife Drew  about his promotion. Drew tells him to be prepared if his promotion is declined, but Flipper tells her not to worry. Meanwhile, Angie returns to her Bensonhurst home, and cooks dinner for her father Mike  and her two brothers Charlie  and Jimmy . Her boyfriend Paulie Carbone  arrives and takes her out on a date. One night, Flipper and Angie are working late at the firm, and they start to have a conversation about cooking. They have dinner in his office and have sex on a desk. The next day, Flipper does not say anything when he is walking his daughter to school. Later, at the office, he tells Jerry and Leslie that he wanted to be partner at the firm. After his offer is declined, he abruptly quits his job. Later that night at the park, Flipper admits his infidelity to Cyrus, who tells him the affair is problematic not only because his mistress is white, but also because she is Italian and from Bensonhurst. Then, Flipper's brother Gator  shows up with his girlfriend Vivian . He asks Flipper for some money so he can feed his crack habit. Flipper initially refuses, but gives in eventually. Meanwhile, Angie tells her girlfriends that she is seeing Flipper, shocking them when she tells them he is African American. She then tells them not to tell anybody. The next evening Flipper and Angela are ignored by the staff at a restaurant. He complains to a waitress  about not being served; she in turn berates him for dating a white woman. Later, the rumors about them surface when Flipper comes home and sees a furious Drew throwing his things out of the window, forcing him to move back in with his mother Lucinda , and his father, the Good Reverend Doctor . Later that night, he confronts Cyrus for betraying his trust. Cyrus admitted he told his wife Vera , but did not know she told Drew. Flipper insults Vera, causing a rift in his friendship with Cyrus. The next day, Flipper tries to make things up to Drew by bringing her flowers at work, which she proceeds to refuse. Meanwhile, Angie ends her relationship with Paulie. His father Lou  finds Paulie in the bathroom and consoles him. When Angie returns home, a livid Mike violently beats her for dating a black man and throws her out of the house. Flipper and Angie move in to an apartment together, where they subsequently encounter social problems including a failed dinner with Flipper's parents, and another problem when they are walking down the street, they joke around and Flipper forces himself onto her, the police show up thinking he is raping her, she tells them that he is her boyfriend and threatens to have their badges. Flipper yells at her and does not want anyone else to know. Paulie attempts to start a similar relationship with an African American woman called Orin Goode , but encounters problems of his own. Lucinda has Flipper come over and informs him that Gator has taken the television. She wants him to try and get it back before the Good Reverend Doctor comes home, so Flipper goes out to find Gator. Flipper finds Gator at a crack house, where he and Vivian are smoking the drug. Gator tells Flipper that he pawned the TV to get money for the crack. Flipper slaps Vivian in the face and tells Gator that their mother is crying over him; Gator does not appear to care. Flipper tells him that he is cutting him off for good and leaves. Eventually, issues surrounding Flipper and Angie strain the relationship so much so that they break up. Orin accepts Paulie's offer to take her on a date. But when he tells his father he is going on a date with an African American, his father disowns him. On the way to meet with Orin he gets into a fight but still heads to her house. One night, Gator storms into his parents' house while the Reverend is away, demanding money from Lucinda while trashing the house. The Reverend arrives and threatens to shoot him if he does not leave. Gator refuses to leave, antagonizing his father. The Reverend tells Gator he is better off dead, and shoots him. Gator dies in his mother's arms. Flipper attempts to reconcile with Drew. After having sex with her, Drew, still hurt, tells him it is best for him to leave. While walking down a street, Flipper passes by a prostitute who offers to perform fellatio for two dollars. Flipper, in response, hugs her and screams ""No!"" out to the heavens."
25810.0	1.0	Paris. King Juan Carlos I offers a diner at Hôtel Crillon. Diana  meets Santi , an old lover, who now is the King's bodyguard. They remember how they met each other, 30 years ago, in another hotel, in Madrid. Diana  and Santi  met when The Beatles were going to play. He works in the hotel. She hides under John Lennon's bed because she's in love with the singer. But, what starts is an attraction between them. It is an impossible love because she wants to be rich and famous, and he is poor and has to join the Army. When they meet again as grown-ups, Diana has become a socialite, and Santi is a pilot. Both are married, but the love goes on...
34567.0	0.0	The film follows the theory that Nefertiti was a princess of the Mitanni, sent to marry Pharaoh Amenhotep III, then taken by Akhenaten as his wife. The plot is based on the desire for an archaeologist to find a means revive himself several millennia after his death.{{cite book}}
28967.0	0.0	The film opens with Sandra Larson staring at a human corpse while she reminisces about at her childhood fascinations with death. As a young teen Sandra was enthralled by the feelings invoked by the stillness and smell of death. At night, a near nude Sandra would dance with the corpse of an animal rubbing it on her body, before giving the animal a funeral. Sandra only had one childhood friend, a girl named Carol  who also had a death fascination. Their friendship ended after Carol found Sandra's ceremonial dance too extreme. Fast-forward to the adult Sandra at school fascinated in biology, carefully dissecting the bodies of small animal, trying to avoid disfiguring them. Sandra was working for a flower shop when she learned of an opening for a chauffer at a funeral home. She asks Mr. Wallis , the mortician, for the job and he hires her. The funeral home's janitor Jan  believes, like Sandra, that dead bodies still have a soul in them. While driving the hearse with a body in a coffin in the back through a carwash, Sandra looks at the body and finds a shining light, believing that body's soul is alive somewhere. Mr. Wallis apprentices Sandra in embalming. She starts studying mortuary science in college, where she meets a med student named Matt  who also must study corpses for his major. Matt and Sandra begin to date, while Matt is intrigued by Sandra’s death fascination. Occasionally they would spend night's together in Matt's basement apartment, but Sandra would leave for late night visits to the mortuary to celebrate the dead bodies of young men with dance ceremonies which escalate into necrophilia as her death fascination increases to an extreme obsession. Matt becomes distraught when he discovers that he is competing with dead bodies. He unsuccessfully tries to get Sandra to talk about her necrophilia, so he starts visiting Sandra at the funeral home which upset her. Matt has to go to an extreme to win Sandra’s heart, as she struggles with choosing between the living or the dead, with tragic results.
32778.0	0.0	"{{Plot}} After the Second World War, former White Emigres are offered Soviet citizenship, amnesty, and an invitation to return to the Motherland, so that they could join in the post-war restructuring. While most of the émigrés decide to remain abroad, there are many people anxious to return to the ‘Holy Russia’. Among the returnees are Alexei Golovin , his French wife Marie  and their son Sergey. But Joseph Stalin's offer was merely a tactical step. On arrival in Odessa, many of their travelling companions are executed on the spot or sent to the Gulag. Alexei and his family escape this fate and are sent to Kiev simply because the Soviet authorities realise that they have much to gain from this young doctor. He will be paraded as an example, a model ""returnee"". This is the price Alexei has to pay to save Marie and Seriozha. He is posted to the infirmary of a textile factory and he and his family are allocated a single room in a communal apartment. The ""kommunalka"" is to become Marie's new home, where a complete lack of privacy, denunciations from neighbors and NKVD arrest raids are a reality of daily life. Despite the strength of their marriage, Alexei and Marie gradually grow apart. Alexei conforms, accepts, and bides his time. Marie, however, refuses, bridles and has one sole aim: to return to France. But all her attempts are blocked by Alexei. When a French theatre group, led by the famous actress, Gabrielle Develay , arrives in Kiev on tour, Marie knows that this is her chance to alert the French Government. Marie manages to get through to Gabrielle and hand her a letter. When they get home, Marie throws Alexei out of their apartment, unable to bear his submissiveness to Stalin or his infidelity any longer. Marie finds a solace in her seventeen-year-old neighbor, Sasha , a competitive swimmer whose ability has kept him out of military service. Even after being thrown off the team, Sasha continues training, thanks to Marie's efforts. Every day, she takes him down to the river to swim alone against the current. Marie and Sasha share one wild hope: that he will get back and win selection for the European championships in Vienna. Once there, Sasha will be able to defect to the West, but it will be freedom without Marie, whom he loves. Marie is resolute, however. He must go, for freedom is what is the most important. Sasha wins the national race but falls under NKVD suspicion and is still not selected for Vienna. He is sent to a training camp on the Black Sea, to remove him from Marie's ""dangerous"" influence. Alone and despondent, Marie reunites with Alexei. Sasha, however, refuses to give up, escapes from his training camp, and swims {{convert}} to a Turkish freighter. When his story explodes across the Western news media, the Soviet authorities are enraged. Despite Alexei's attempts to save her, Marie is arrested by the NKVD and confesses under torture to masterminding Sasha's defection as part of a Central Intelligence Agency plot. She is then sentenced to a long term in the Gulag. Six years later, during the Khrushchev thaw, Alexei succeeds in overturning Marie's conviction. She is released, a broken and traumatized woman who no longer hopes for anything. Through Alexei's nursing and love, she slowly comes out of her shell. Two years later, while acompanying a trade mission to Bulgaria, Alexei finally lays his cards on the table. Gabrielle is waiting in the lobby to take her and Seriozha to the French embassy. ""I have been waiting ten years for this,"" he says. Marie is overcome with emotion and pleads with him to come along. Alexei sadly responds, ""The Embassy will protect you, but I am a Soviet citizen."" Marie and Seriozha flee from the hotel and are barely saved from arrest by Bulgarian police. When Gabrielle informs her that she is now on French soil, Marie faints, calling out her husband's name. An epilogue reveals that, amidst an international uproar, Marie and Seriozha were exfiltrated across the Greek-Bulgarian border. Alexei is seen walking aboard the train back to Kiev smiling at the knowledge that his family was free. We learn that he was sent as a doctor to the Gulag camp of Sakhalin Island and allowed only in 1987 to join his family in France."
1297.0	1.0	André , a Frenchman divorced from his wife, takes his teenage daughter, Nicole , on vacation with him. She is desperate to appear as a woman and not a girl, so in order to impress a local boy Ben , she makes up more and more ridiculous stories, starting with André being her lover and leading to some bizarre assumptions by the rest of the community. André is desperate to make Nicole happy  and so plays along with her crazy games, and the stories they make up get increasingly bizarre.
14956.0	0.0	"In 1980, Jorge Pellegrini , a young and talented Argentine writer, upon returning from a trip to Europe, is forced to write short love stories for ""Cosas"", a local, light-themed magazine, to aid his dire financial situation. His boss and best friend, Roberto ([[Eduardo Blanco , constantly censors Jorge's stories, by deciding which parts to take out or which stories not to print. Jorge's friend and mentor, Mastronardi, often visits the magazine HQ asking Roberto for work, but due to his history of struggling against the military government in Argentina, finds himself in a black list and cannot find work. In the showing of a short film, based on a story by Jorge, he meets Laura , a passionate, beautiful and charming young girl who works as a waiter in a restaurant. He is instantly smitten by her, and she gives him her card. Days after, he receives news of the death of Mastronardi, and begins to write a story about his deceased friend. However, he experiences writer's block, and cannot get around to finish it. Jorge then finds the card Laura gave him, and decides to go the restaurant where she works. They go on a date to a bar, and they display chemistry and understanding, and Laura reveals that she has a boyfriend, an artist on a tour in Uruguay. Things go awry when the police raid the place and take Laura to jail, as she did not have her documents. Jorge then decides to be taken to jail himself in order to oversee Laura's safety. Upon their release, Laura and Jorge spend more and more time together, and Jorge reveals his feelings for Laura. She then tells him that she currently does not reciprocate, but she will call him if she ""figures out any context"" in which she could. Months go by and Jorge buries himself in his work, starts a diary  and loses hope of receiving Laura's phone call. However, she then calls him and they arrange a date, at which she reveals that she wanted to be sure of not waiting for her boyfriend anymore before starting a new relationship. They kiss, make love and start a relationship. The first months are full of romance and passion; however, when Laura decides to quit her job to work for free at a local radio station, Jorge begins to lose interest in her, and is constantly bothered by the monotony of their relationship. To make matters worse, Laura has decided to make a great writer out of Jorge, and constantly pressures him to stop writing the short and simple-minded love stories and focus on a powerful book. When Jorge reaches the breaking point and cannot stand the current status of his relationship with Laura, he cheats on her with Carola. Laura finds out and leaves him immediately. Jorge, once again, buries himself in his work, until he receives news from Roberto that, due to restructuring, the magazine will no longer publish his stories. However, he is offered a job as the movie and theatre critic of the magazine, which he angrily refuses. He then finds the inspiration to finish Mastronardi's story and take it to the theatre. However, the play is a failure, and because of the effort he put in it, Jorge is heartbroken. Jorge then receives an emotional visit from Mastronardi's spirit, who asks him to look after his son, Sebastián. In 1987, things have changed: Jorge has accepted the job offer as the movie and theatre critic, and Roberto is engaged to Marita, a friend of Laura's whom he met in a double date set by Jorge and Laura years before. Jorge is in a relationship with a new girl; however, he finds himself shocked when he receives news that Laura is to be married to her old boyfriend. This prompts Jorge to track Laura and, after spending a day together, they make love, and Laura then decides that she will get married anyway. Once again, years go by, and in the 90s, a bitter and disillusioned Jorge, still works as a critic. However, due to his failures and disappointments, and to the loss of his spirit and morals, we learn that he now asks for money in return for writing favourable reviews. This works against him when Laura, one of the producers of the movie he asked money to write a favourable review for, personally delivers him the money, and looks at him with disgust. One day at the office, due to a disagreement, veteran political journalist Márquez  has a heated exchange with his boss, young Micky  and is fired. This then prompts Sebastián, Mastronardi's son, to blame Jorge for his father's death. Unable to cope with guilt, and after realizing how much he has changed, Jorge attempts suicide. This attempt, however, is frustrated by Roberto, who arrives just in time to save him. After the suicide attempt, there is a surprise party, at which the employees of Cosas decide to donate one twelfth of their salaries to Márquez. Laura and Jorge meet once again, and share a long talk about their lives, hopes and crushed dreams. The movie ends with a hint that Jorge and Laura will give their relationship one last chance. Jorge, reinvigorated, and looking like a happy man for the first time in years, watches her taxi depart with a broad smile. He is then greeted by his friends, Márquez, Sebastián and Roberto, and tells them of the new love story he is planning to write."
5033.0	0.0	When charter-boat skipper Jack O’Conner finds a gold Spanish dollar off the Florida Keys, he decides to go in search of a legendary hoard of Spanish doubloons sunk during the “Hundred Years Storm” of 1780. For, as Jack’s friend Cap’n Billau reveals, the coin bears a clue to the treasure’s whereabouts – one of four islands etched by the infamous pirate, Jacques Un-Oeil upon the original doubloon. At Billau’s urging, Jack tracks down the two beautiful women who unknowingly hold the remaining clues. Streetwise Sandy Sequoia’s piece of eight came from her murdered drug dealer boyfriend in Miami. And lonely-heart Portia Pennington inherited her coin from her merchant tycoon grandfather, who died at sea in the “Hundred Years Storm” of 1893, while hunting for the lost gold. Jack convinces the girls to go in search of the pirate treasure with him. But first, the two must learn to crew his 76' schooner; and then, all three adventurers must learn to trust one another, if they expect to navigate the treacheries of love and the unpredictable Caribbean. As Jack introduces the girls to life at sea, he starts to fall in love with Sandy. All seems to be going well, until Jack discovers Sandy with drugs on his boat – a kilo of her dead boyfriend’s cocaine . He has Portia dump the coke overboard; and while Sandy wrestles to overcome her addiction, Jack turns his attentions to Portia. When Sandy and Portia realize that Jack has seduced each of them in turn and convinced each to reveal to him the name of the island on her coin, they turn on him. Feeling betrayed and realizing that they no longer need Jack in order to sail the boat or find they gold, they maroon him on a small island and go after the sunken treasure themselves. Jack is rescued by a local fisherman whose radio alerts him of Hurricane Andrew. The building gale is expected to be an infamous once-in-a-hundred-years storm. And it is headed straight toward the girls. Jack and the fisherman catch up with Sandy and Portia. But they refuse to abandon their sailboat, so Jack joins them. He soon learns why – the girls were able to recover the gold, and it is still in the inflatable dinghy tied to the stern of the schooner. The problem is, the dinghy has sunk, with the gold still in it; and it is preventing them from sailing anywhere. Jack tells Portia and Sandy about Hurricane Andrew and insists they must choose reason over greed, if they want to outrun the storm. The only way they can hope to survive, is to cut the dinghy loose and sail out of the path of the approaching storm. They reluctantly agree to cut the priceless dinghy loose and run with the wind for their lives. Sailing out of the path of the “Hundred Years Storm” and its deadly winds and waves, Jack and the girls manage to avoid the brunt of Andrew’s wrath. Adrift in a dead calm after the terrible blow, the three weary shipmates are rescued by Jack’s old buddy, Cap’n Billau. But their “rescuer” turns into their enemy when he demands, at gunpoint, that Jack turn over the gold. Jack tells Billau that they abandoned the treasure in order to outrun the storm. But Billau doesn’t believe him. They struggle over a flair gun, and the treacherous Billau is killed. Portia and Sandy move to South Beach to start a new life together, believing the gold, and Jack, to be lost from their lives forever. But Jack had secretly marked the gold’s location on a military GPS, and he goes back for the treasure on his own. But with the hard-won pirate hoard finally in hand, Jack realizes that it is worthless to him without the two women he fell in love with while searching for it. To prove his love to the women he earlier betrayed, Jack surprises them with a gift of the gold they had thought was once more lost to the sea. The three sail off into the sunset together – wealthier, a little wiser, and with a chance, perhaps, for happiness together.
4989.0	1.0	"The film is about two couples: Jack  and Sally , and Gabe  and Judy . The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy's apartment and announce their separation. Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague. They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner. Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage. Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack's new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack's new girlfriend a ""cocktail waitress"" and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her. About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael , Judy's magazine colleague. Michael asks Sally out. Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript for his working novel. She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively due to its autobiographical nature. Less than two weeks later, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times. After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry with him, then argue about many things. After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out. Judy begins seeing Michael. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can't help still having feelings for Sally. Judy becomes frustrated with Michael and walks out into the rain. Highlighting her ""passive aggressiveness,"" Michael follows and begs her to stay with him. A year and a half later they marry. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist , but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together. Gabe is living alone because he says he's out of the race and doesn't want to hurt anyone. He said that he realized how much how he messed up with his relationship with Judy. The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe pleads with the unseen documentary crew, ""Can I go? Is this over?"""
12292.0	0.0	Kubla is a terrorist and would like to rule over India. To do this, he needs vital information about the Indian armed forces, and he recruits an Indian army officer, Vikram. To get this information, Vikram kills another soldier and ensures that Karan Singh , yet another army man, gets the blame. This goes according to plan, and Karan Singh is on the run. Then Kubla and Vikram abduct Col. Choudry and his daughter, Priya. They give Bhagat Singh two-and-a-half hours to locate the information or else the Colonel will be killed, and Priya  raped.
16703.0	1.0	When Aunt Yoyita dies during a visit to Gina in Guantánamo, Gina, along with Yoyita's childhood sweetheart, the aging Cándido, must take the body to Havana. To their annoyance, Gina's overbearing husband Adolfo, a punctilious undertaker with political ambitions, takes charge of the journey, including several transfers along the way between hearses. On the road, they keep crossing paths with Mariano, a playboy trucker with a woman at every way station. He and Gina recognize each other: he was her student and wrote her of how much he loved her, then dropped out of school in embarrassment. Before they reach Havana, Gina realizes she can choose between Adolfo and Mariano.
31684.0	1.0	"Dr. Benjamin Stone  is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money  and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben's relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase ""Good riddance, asshole"" sliced out. Ben's cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster is interrupted when he crashes in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash damages the fence of local Judge Evans , who sentences him to community service at a nearby hospital. Ben offers to pay for the fence, but the stern judge increases his community service each time he talks back. Defeated, he reports to the hospital, where Nurse Packer  humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson , the town cafe's proprietor/head waitress , and Melvin , the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben's car. Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more laid-back than the emergency room. He has simple cases such as spots before the eyes , fishing hook impalings, and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, whose baby he later delivers. The experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis in the child. The town's curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue , orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue's treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. Hogue learns the boy had chewed his father's tobacco and explains the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomach ache. The two doctors finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. Since Hogue is chomping at the bit to retire, Ben is urged by the folksy locals to stay - the pay is only $35,000 a year  but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula , better known as ""Lou."" She is a single mother to four-year old Emma, the product of a relationship she had with a former boyfriend while living in New York. In the process, Ben confides that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and can't see himself confined to a small town. Ben is pardoned from community service after saving Hogue, and is free to go to California after his car is fixed. He shows signs of maturity from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients. Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon , a local insurance salesman. One day, Hank waits for Ben at the mayor's lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can't give Lou what Ben can, he's still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he's not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Putting career first, he leaves. On the west coast, Ben's new boss Dr. Halberstrom ([[George Hamilton  hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue. But Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills. He's surprised by the Mayor's daughter Nancy Lee  and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to ""do what a man's gotta do."" Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back."
29798.0	1.0	Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent by his mother to stay with her best friend Lily Reed, who lives in the Delta shrimp-fishing country in a town called Paradise. Lily and her husband Ben have been living in an unmentioned emotional vacuum since the death of their own three year old boy. Willie makes friends with the local 9-year-old tomboy Billie Pike, who teaches him to be comfortable with himself. When Willard gains a handle on his own emotions, he can now help Lily and Ben to connect, overcome grief and rediscover themselves.
2972.0	0.0	"{{cleanup}} Emory Leeson is an advertising executive who experiences a nervous breakdown. He designs a series of ""truthful"" advertisements, blunt and bawdy and of no use to his boss Drucker's firm. One of his colleagues, Stephen Bachman, checks him into a psychiatric hospital. Emory goes into group therapy under the care of Dr. Liz Baylor and meets other voluntary patients, such as the lovely and vulnerable Kathy Burgess. There is also George, who can only speak one word: ""Hello."" By mistake, Emory's advertisements get printed and the new campaign turns out to be a tremendous success. Campaigns like: ""Jaguar — For men who'd like hand-jobs from beautiful women they hardly know."" and ""Volvo — they're boxy but they're good."" Drucker grabs credit for the ads. He assigns Stephen and the rest of his employees to design similar new ad campaigns featuring so-called honesty in advertising, but nothing works. Emory is approached in the sanitarium about creating new ads himself. He insists that his fellow mental patients also be involved and suitably rewarded for their work, transforming the sanitarium into a branch of the advertising industry. They come up with wild advertising slogans, like one for a Greek travel agency that goes: ""Forget Paris. The French can be annoying. Come to Greece. We're nicer."" And another one called ""Come… IN the Bahamas"" for that island's national tourism board. For a new horror movie called The Freak, the ad campaign states: ""It won't just scare you, it will fuck you up for life!"" The patients experience happiness at being needed and improve from their various illnesses. The evil Drucker and the doctor in charge of the hospital get greedy and try to separate the team. But it doesn't work. Dr. Baylor defies her boss and Emory negotiates to get new automobiles for all of the patients. He also manages to track down the long absent brother of Kathy, with whom he has fallen in love."
30376.0	0.0	"'Virginia"" , a young and adventurous woman, travels from England to Sydney, Australia, in search of her Australian ancestors. Her grandfather ""William Robertson"" had travelled from Sydney to England in the 1930s, falling in love with an English girl and marrying her. He joined the RAAF at the onset of World War II, only to be killed in an air battle over France. Virginia carries with her some documents of her grandfather's to try to find out what his life was like in Australia all those years ago. She meets her Great Aunt ""Clara"" who, while happy to tell her of the city's origins, does not expand on the history of William Robertson. Virginia intensifies her efforts to find the truth and comes across a reference to a Robertson who lived at Cumberland Street in The Rocks area of the city. On arriving at the site she discovers an archaeological dig in progress where once stood some of the oldest buildings in Sydney. Here she meets a young archaeologist called ""Marco""  who assists her in her search for answers. The couple research all available resources, travelling around the city and its suburbs, and spend a lot of time in each other's company. During her quest for answers Virginia discovers some of the history and legends surrounding the city of Sydney, its cultural diversity and its famous landmarks. As her quest finally nears completion and it shall soon be time for her to return to England, Virginia discovers that not only has she fallen in love with Marco, she has also fallen in love with the city of Sydney."
36772.0	0.0	Vaanavaraayan  plays the role of a feudal chieftain, adored and respected by his village people. He lives with his grandparents (M. N. Nambiar & [[Manorama . Following his advice, they abstain from voting in the elections and instead, pool the money given by the candidates to get themselves some basic amenities. Vallavaraayan ([[Napoleon  is his arch enemy. Their enmity is further sharpened when Vaanavaraayan wins the hand of Vaitheeswari , whom Vallavaraayan had also wished to wed. So Vallavaraayan convinces the priest at the temple to mix a poison in the holy water that Vaitheeswari drinks. As a result she becomes incapable of conceiving. But surprisingly, Vaitheeswari soon becomes pregnant-though she has pretended with the help of the mid-wife , to do so to uphold her husband's honor. She takes poison and kills herself unable to bear the grief of being incapable of giving her husband a child and on her deathbed makes Vaanavarayan swear to take Ponni  as his wife. Vaanavarayan however refuses until Ponni agrees to marry Sembattai - Vallavarayan's hechman-who abandons her to Vallavarayan's vice. Infuriated Vaanavarayam attacks Vallavarayam and spares his life after giving him a sermon on how to win the heart of people. Vaanavarayan marries Ponni in the end and has a daughter he names Vaitheeswari . http://rajinifans.com/review/ejamaan.php | 3rd Paragraph
5859.0	0.0	Even after the end of her lustre empire, This is the Story of Ranimaa, who still believes that she is an empress, though her palace has now been turned into a hotel. She has three daughters, Krishna, Ganga, and Kaveri, and a son, Kuldip. The film's twist is, when Ranimaa was informed by Police about four bank-robbers staying in her hotel
18711.0	0.0	 Muthu  comes to the city from his village for a song contest. He meets Ravikanth  in the city and they both work hard for the song contest. Muthu tells Ravikanth about how he fell in love with Devayani  and how he got her to love him. Devayani is the daughter of a song teacher in his village. He came to this contest so he could win the money and pay off the loan his mother had to the village leader. They both work together and end up winning the song contest. Muthu then goes back to his village with joy and finds out a flood had come and Meena's house had been destroyed, it was reported that her father and her body had not been found. Muthu thinks that Meena is dead, and is very sad. He then goes and gives the money to the village leader, paying off his mother's debt. His mother takes him to the city so that they can find a job and so that Muthu can forget about Meena. When they reach the city Muthu finds out that his song was a big hit. Therefore he had become very popular. The holder of the song contest  calls on Muthu to come work for him. Muthu does not want to, but his mother persuades him. He then works for Janakaraj and his daughter falls in love with Muthu. Muthu who is still in love with Meena refused to marry Janakaraj's daughter . His mother says Meena won't come back and she wishes to see his marriage. Therefore he marries Roja. Soon after the marriage she has to go on a business trip to the USA. Meena was in fact alive but has amnesia. Muthu's songs are playing on the radio and Meena happens to hear it and she remembers again. She promptly gets on the bus to the city from a village where she was helping the fisherman who saved her life. She meets Muthu at the recording studio. He is surprised and overjoyed but doesn't tell her about his marriage to Roja Selvamani . Meena is then adamant to get married soon, so they both get married. He then juggles both of his lives . He nearly gets caught when both Roja Selvamani and Muthu with Meena go to the saree shop and bump into each other. So to prove that they are two different people he takes a photo and photoshops it to show two of him shaking hands. They then all believe Muthu and Veera are different people. A thief who Muthu had caught and handed over to the police takes revenge by kidnapping his wives. The thief also knows that both are one person, and when he comes to save them it is revealed that both are one person. After he saves them both his wives fight over him, one says that he officially married her first  while the other says that she fell in love first. His wives don't want to share. When he tries to explain they go away angrily. Muthu then leaves the city to go back to his village. When he gets home he finds them both in his house. The film ends with them both holding his bag as he enters the house. www.veeratamilan.com
18159.0	0.0	Set in 1957, Great Moments in Aviation follows Gabriel Angel , a young Caribbean woman from Grenada who embarks on a cruise to England with the intention of becoming an aviator. Upon boarding the ship, Gabriel finds herself assigned shared sleeping quarters with fellow passenger Duncan Stewart . The rest of the ship's passengers, including missionaries Angela Bead  and Gwendolyne Quim  assume the two are married, and when Professor Rex Goodyear  appears to recognise Duncan as his old acquaintance Alasdair Birch, Duncan fosters the assumption to maintain his cover. It transpires that Duncan is a forger, who many years ago stole a Titian painting from Goodyear and had an affair with his wife. Goodyear believes that his painting is on board the ship, and leads Gabriel to believe that Duncan was responsible for his wife's death. She is furious with Duncan for lying to her, but the two go on to reconcile and later make love. Their romance is complicated by the fact Gabriel professes to have a husband waiting for her in England. She explains that he has been there for two years working, and she is joining him so that she can fulfil her lifelong dream of becoming a pilot — inspired by her grandfather Thomas  who flew off into a storm and never came home. They begin a relationship nonetheless, supported by Angela and Gwendolyne, who also come to realise that they have feelings for one another. They each confess to having secretly been in love with the other for years, and become lovers, vowing to live together in their retirement. It comes to light that the death of Goodyear's wife was an accident, caused as he and Duncan fought over her. Duncan returns his painting, and goes on to burn all his forged documents and papers in front of Gabriel. She confesses that her marriage to Michael is over, and she and Duncan resolve to begin a life together. The film ends with Gabriel's grandmother Vesuvia  reading her family a letter from England, informing them that Gabriel and Duncan are happy together, and are expecting a child. As the family express their delight, Gabriel flies overhead, having finally attained her pilot licence and become an aviator.
36276.0	0.0	" An enchantress disguised as an old beggar woman offers a young prince a rose in exchange for a night's shelter. When he turns her away, she punishes him by transforming him into an ugly Beast and turning his servants into furniture and other household items. She gives him a magic mirror that will enable him to view faraway events, and she gives him the rose, which will bloom until his twenty-first birthday. He must love and be loved in return before all the rose's petals have fallen off, or he will remain a Beast forever. Years later, a beautiful young woman named Belle comes along, living in a nearby French village with her father Maurice, an inventor. Belle loves reading and yearns for a life beyond the village . Her beauty attracts attention in the town and she is pursued by many men, but mostly the arrogant local hunter, Gaston. Belle is uninterested in Gaston, despite being sought after by all the single females and is considered godlike in perfection by the male population of the town. As Maurice travels to a fair, he gets lost on the way and is chased by wolves before stumbling upon the Beast's castle, where he meets the transformed servants Lumière , Cogsworth , Mrs. Potts , and her son Chip . The Beast imprisons Maurice, but Belle is led back to the castle by Maurice's horse and offers to take her father's place which the Beast agrees to. While Gaston is sulking over his humiliation in the tavern, Maurice tells him and the other villagers what happened but they think he has lost his mind . At the castle, the Beast orders Belle to dine with him, but she refuses, and Lumiere disobeys his order not to let her eat . After Cogsworth gives her a tour of the castle, she finds the rose in the forbidden West Wing and the Beast angrily chases her away. Frightened, she tries to escape, but she and her horse are attacked by wolves. After the Beast rescues her, she nurses his wounds, and he begins to develop feelings for her. The Beast grants Belle access to the castle library, which impresses Belle and they become friends, growing closer as they spend more time together . Meanwhile, the spurned Gaston pays the warden of the town's insane asylum to have Maurice committed unless Belle agrees to Gaston's marriage proposal. Back at the castle Belle and the Beast share a romantic evening together . Belle tells the Beast she misses her father, and he lets her use the magic mirror to see him. When Belle sees him dying in the woods in an attempt to rescue her, the Beast allows her to leave to rescue her father, giving her the mirror to remember him by. As he watches her leave, the Beast admits to Cogsworth that he loves Belle. Belle finds her father and takes him home. Gaston arrives to carry out his plan, but Belle proves Maurice sane by showing them the Beast with the magic mirror. Realizing Belle has feelings for the Beast, Gaston arouses the mob's anger against the Beast, telling them that the Beast is a man-eating monster that must be brought down immediately, and leads them to the castle . Gaston locks Belle and Maurice in the basement, though Chip, who had hidden himself in Belle's baggage, uses one of Maurice's inventions to free them. While the servants and Gaston's mob fight in the castle, Gaston hunts down the Beast. The Beast is initially too depressed to fight back, but he regains his will when he sees Belle returning to the castle with Maurice. A heated battle ensues, with the Beast winning, but spares Gaston's life, demanding that he leave the castle and never return. As the Beast is about to reunite with Belle, Gaston, refusing to admit defeat, stabs the Beast from behind, but loses his balance and falls off the balcony to his death. Just as the Beast succumbs to his wounds, Belle whispers that she loves him, breaking the spell just as the rose's last petal falls. The Beast comes back to life, his human form restored. As he and Belle kiss, the castle and its inhabitants return to their previous states as well. Belle and the prince dance in the ballroom with her father and the humanized servants happily watching (""Beauty and the Beast ."
14140.0	0.0	Set in 16th century India, this movie depicts the story of two girls who were raised together, though they came from different social classes. Tara  is an upper-caste princess while Maya  is her beautiful servant. The two girls are best friends until they get old enough for marriage. Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh , but Maya is forced into the role of the inferior servant. This culminates in an argument, where Tara reminds Maya of her low position in life. Resentful, Maya decides to take revenge when she chances on Raj alone. She sleeps with Raj, but unknown to both, Tara's hunchback brother, Prince Vikram aka Viki, hides and watches the two of them engage in sexual intercourse. He becomes crushed that his childhood infatuation slept with his brother-in-law. As Tara is leaving home as a newly-wedded bride to Raj, Maya tells her that just as Maya wore the princess's used clothes all her life, Tara will now have something Maya has used. To save Maya's honor, Viki sends a marriage proposal for her. When she refuses, he brands her as a whore, and she is forced to leave her home. Wandering on her own, she meets a young stone sculptor, Jai Kumar . Realizing she has nowhere to stay, Jai takes her to an older woman named Rasa Devi , who is a teacher of the Kama Sutra, the ancient art of seduction and making love. Maya begins a romantic relationship with Jai that is abruptly halted when he realizes he might not be able to work properly with Maya consuming his thoughts. Maya seeks comfort with Rasa Devi, making the decision to learn the courtesan's art. Raj, now the king, recognizes the visage as Maya's in one of Jai's sculptures. He dispatches his attendants to find Tara and succeeds. Maya is then delivered to the King as his new concubine. Soon after, Raj and Jai have a friendly wrestling competition, in which Jai wins but also gets the King's favor. Jai then learns of Maya's new status as favored concubine. In the meantime, the threat of an invading Shah inches closer. As Raj descends deeper into debauchery, he becomes irresponsible with his duties as King. He insults Viki sexually and for his hunchback. In retaliation, Viki writes a letter to the Shah to rid the kingdom of Raj, who now taxes the poor for his own pleasure. Jai and Maya resuscitate their love and get married. The two begin meeting in secret, as tensions between Jai and Raj grow. Raj later catches the two lovers together, and sentences Jai to death. Maya realizes that she must make difficult choices as she finds she must either accept her role as concubine to the King, or help her loved ones, who are headed down their own paths of destruction, all because of her presence in their lives. After finding Tara in the midst of a suicide attempt, Maya and Tara reconcile. Maya then teaches Tara how to seduce the King, while Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai. However, when Tara goes to her husband, she tells him that she doesn't love him enough to hate him, and leaves. Maya leaves the castle and visits Jai one last time. She cuts her hair, symbolizing the end of their marriage. Maya then tries her best to make Raj free Jai by promising him everything. But knowing he can't have her heart, he rejects her plea. Just before the execution, a box arrives from the Shah, holidng the severed head of the grand vizier. Jai is killed, while Maya watches from the crowd. She leaves, just as the Shah's army arrives. Viki, riding with the army, sees Maya and calls to her, but she doesn't respond. She walks away alone, with new wisdom and strength, a heart 'as open as the sky'.
16416.0	1.0	The movie is about Raja, who has always lived in the jungle with his mother and grandpa and Rani, daughter of the minister who has had all the comforts of life. How they come together and fall for each other is the story.
23578.0	0.0	"Pierre  lives with his mother Marie  in a castle in Normandy by the riverside of the Seine. They are very beautiful, rich, carefree and they like themselves. Every morning, Pierre leaves on the inherited bike of his father to visit Lucie , his fiance. One night, Marie announces to Pierre that she arranged the date for his marriage to Lucie. Pierre leaves to announce the good news to his fiance. On the way, in the forest, a funereal beauty appears . She speaks with a strong accent from the countries of the East: ""Pierre... you are not the only child, I am your sister, Isabelle."" A passionate incestuous relationship will ensue."
17305.0	0.0	"Alcoholic movie director, Rahul  ends up in a Rehabilitation Centre. Once there, he finds out that there is an inmate, Pooja , who is schizophrenic and has deep ranging mental problems. After an initial clash of personalities, the two become fast friends, and find that they are in love with each other. But Pooja's paranoia and instability makes any relationship impossible, and as a result she is hospitalized in a mental institution. Shortly thereafter there is a fire at the institution, and Pooja is killed in it. Rahul is devastated by Pooja's death, and is unable to take her off of his mind. One of his movie actresses, Seema , and his brother Rohit, attempt to divert his mind, without much success. Then Rahul starts getting phone calls from a girl whose voice resembles Pooja's. Near the end it is found out that Pooja is alive, and she was the one who had burned down the mental institution because ""she didn't like it there"". Rahul and Pooja run away from the cops and Pooja's dad who wants her back in mental hospital is trying to trace her. They roam the jungle and change places but they are caught by the police in a town and at the climax Pooja snatches a gun from a police officer and shoots herself saying she doesn't want to go back to the mental hospital, she wants to be with Rahul. Her father and Rahul helplessly watch her die."
12462.0	1.0	Chakri  and Madhu are neighbors who love each other. Their parents who fight each other all the time over petty issues do not approve them of their love. The film involves the comic travails of a couple eloping and on the run from their parents. They get entangled as murder suspects of a politician. In a police and political mafia road hunt for an incriminating audio tape.
32984.0	0.0	Fei is a simple fisherman, who still possesses great sword-fighting prowess. He ends up foiling an assassination attempt against 13th Prince and helping him in an attempt to regain the throne from his evil brother. Yuet and Hsien appear as the prince's wife-to-be and aide, while adding their talents to the film's numerous swordplay sequences. The film ending was also a tragic situation.
29770.0	0.0	Due to an administrative error two male college students, the shy and intellectual Eddy  and the All-American jock Stuart , end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex  was a man  and thus the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall. Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy; Stuart is in love with Alex, and Eddy falls in love with Stuart. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant. After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later the semester ends and Alex moves to an apartment. The next year Eddy gets a single dorm with no roommates and the three continue to drift apart. Eddy  eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they drifted apart, only to see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.
17246.0	0.0	Mahesh  and Veena  is a happily engaged couple who was living in Germany when Mahesh was working for an Amusement park. One day his childhood friend Vijay Krishan  who was a poet comes and visits them. Vijay is depressed since his girlfriend Neena  died by cancer. Veena was having a strong resemblance with Neena. Also, Neena had made Vijay promise that he will marry another girl if she passes away. Vijay becomes obsessed on Veena .Mahesh comes to know about this but doesn't reveal this to Veena.Mahesh takes Vijay to a cliff and ask him to change his mind and go back home. Vijay tries to kill Mahesh and he slips and dies falling from the cliff. Vijay did not try to save him even though he could. But Mahesh's automatic camera captures pictures of this happening and later Veena happens to see this and understands what happened on that day. She first acts like she is ready to share her life with Vijay now and asks him to take her to the cliff where Mahesh died as it was Mahesh' long cherished dream to take photos from the cliff. She suicides from there in front of Vijay as a revenge.
18606.0	1.0	The story revolves around the Raja and his friend who is a petty thief. When one day they escape from the police, they hide in Soundarya’s house and his life also changes after meeting Soundarya.There he learns about the conflicts in Soundarya's life. Now he decides to help her and likes to bring her to highest position. The rest of the story is about How Raja succeeding in his job and eventually how he wins her heart?http://74.208.147.65/movies/bollywood/Raja_-_1999/275#synopsys
6079.0	1.0	Jadzia is the matriarch of a family of five children, four sons and a daughter. The household also includes the eldest son's wife—a Syrian-American whom Jadzia calls a Gypsy and who also works with Jadzia—and their child. Jadzia is  happily married to Bolek, but is having a long-term relationship with Roman. Her daughter Hala becomes pregnant by a neighborhood cop and her family pressures him to marry her. Interior shots of the home were shot in a home on Wyandotte Street in Hamtramck. The St. Florian Church was used as a backdrop.
20275.0	1.0	The film is about an aspiring painter named Dustin who meets a woman named Christiane. Dustin is on a search for love, sex, and inspiration. When Christiane dumps him and disappears as quickly as she dropped in, Dustin embarks on an obsessive search in Southern California to find her.
588.0	0.0	In 1941, one year after Italy joined Germany against the Allies in World War II, a small group of misfit Italian soldiers is sent to a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea for four months of lookout duty. The soldiers include a lieutenant who likes art, a macho sergeant, a farmer accompanied by his beloved donkey Silvana, and other quirky people. They are not very good soldiers, but a cross section of average, independent men. The soldiers anticipate attack from outside and on the island and take all sorts of inept precautions. They find a small town with no people. They see bombing on the horizon and realize that the ship that would pick them up has been destroyed. Then mysteriously, people reappear in the village: the villagers say they hid because the Germans had taken all the men. They have decided to accommodate the Italians. It isn't long before everyone's sunny nature appears. The Italian soldiers are absorbed into the life, heat and landscape of the idyllic island. The local orthodox priest asks the lieutenant, a Sunday painter, to restore the murals in his church. Two soldiers, who are brothers, befriend a lovely young woman, a shepherdess. The sergeant takes up folk dancing and the shyest of the soldiers falls profoundly in love with the island's single, very overworked prostitute, named Vassilissa. In their old age three of the men are reunited on the island to close the film. Mediterraneo . March 22, 1992. Review/Film Festival; Roundelay Of Love On an Isle In Wartime
20760.0	0.0	"In 1607, a ship of British settlers of the Virginia Company sets sail to the ""New World"". On board the ship are Captain John Smith and the voyage's leader Governor Ratcliffe, who believes the local Native Americans are hiding a vast collection of gold and seeks to gain it for his own. The ship gets caught in a storm, and Smith saves a young, inexperienced man named Thomas from drowning, Smith later admitting his lack of interest for the ""New World"". In the local tribe in the New World, Pocahontas, daughter of Chief Powhatan, dreads being possibly wed to Kocoum, a brave warrior whom she sees as too ""serious"" when conflicting with her spirited personality. Chief Powhatan gives Pocahontas her mother's necklace as a present. Pocahontas, along with her friends, the gluttonous raccoon Meeko and hummingbird Flit, visit Grandmother Willow, a spiritual talking willow tree who alerts her to the presence of the Englishmen. Governor Ratcliffe has a fortress built in a wooded clearing, naming it James Town, and quickly has the crewmen begin digging for gold. Smith departs to explore the wilderness, and eventually encounters Pocahontas. They quickly bond, fascinated by each other's worlds. The two end up falling in love, countermanding Chief Powhatan's orders to keep away from the Englishmen after Kocoum and other warriors engage them in a fight. Meanwhile, Meeko meets Percy, Ratcliffe's spoilt dog, and becomes the bane of his existence. Pocahontas introduces Smith to Grandmother Willow and avoids two other crewmen; however, Pocahontas' friend Nakoma discovers her relationship with Smith and warns Kocoum. Thomas also follows Smith, and both he and Kocoum witness the two kissing. In a jealous rage, Kocoum attacks and tries to kill Smith but is himself killed by Thomas. An enraged Chief Powhatan declares war on the crewmen, and Smith is to be executed at sunrise. Thomas warns the crewmen of Smith's capture, and Ratcliffe rallies the men to battle as an excuse to remove the tribe and find their non-existent gold. Pocahontas goes to Grandmother Willow, but Meeko hands her a compass which points her in the direction of Smith, leading to her destiny. She successfully stops Smith's execution, but Ratcliffe tries to shoot Chief Powhatan in anger with Smith taking the bullet. The governor is captured and arrested by the crewmen. In the end, Smith is forced to return home to get treatment, with Pocahontas and Chief Powhatan's blessing to return in the future."
37931.0	0.0	" In Tokyo, Poupelin plays a song on his flute to hypnotize children, following him into a mysterious ship before sailing off into the sky. Meanwhile, Usagi, Chibiusa, and the other girls bake cookies together at Makoto's apartment. Usagi ends up with cookies that look perfect and taste terrible; Chibiusa produces the reverse. Chibiusa sets out to give her cookies to Mamoru, but is stopped by a butterfly wing-shaped boy in strange white clothing standing outside the sweets shop. They befriend each other, and he causes some of the treats inside the shop window to dance by playing a tune on his flute before revealing himself as Pereru. Meanwhile, Usagi visits Mamoru with her cookies, and they argue over his strong and close friendship with Chibiusa. They hear a report on the radio about the mass disappearance of children all over the world. Around the same time, Chibiusa gives her bag of cookies to Pereru before going their separate ways. That night, Chibiusa wakes up, and begins walking through the city. Diana wakes Usagi, who along with the other girls, follow Chibiusa, and the other children. They save Chibiusa, but get into a fight with Poupelin, and his ""Bonbon Babies."" Poupelin then hypnotizes the girls into seeing a Gingerbread House. In turn, Tuxedo Mask appears, and snaps the girls out of the spell. Queen Badiane orders her henchman Poupelin and the fairies to hurry up. Pereru says outright that he does not believe in her anymore, but she seems unconcerned and orders that Super Sailor Chibi Moon be captured. The ship lands, along with two others, in Marzipan Castle. When the doors are opened, the children run out into the darkness, except for Chibi Moon. Looking into the shadows, she witnesses ""Dream Coffins,"" each containing a sleeping child. Badiane lifts her into the air, commenting on the power she senses from Super Sailor Chibi Moon, and explains her purpose. In the castle's center, a massive Black Dream Hole is forming, gathering the magical ""sugar energy"" of the sleeping children. Eventually it will overtake Earth, and all humans will enter into Dream Coffins. Meanwhile, Pereru leads the other Super Sailor Soldiers to a flying ship of his own. He tells them that Badiane promised that the children would be happy and safe in her world of dreams and where they can remain children indefinitely, but he thinks also of Chibiusa, his friend. As they reach the castle, they are attacked, and after crash-landing fight Poupelin, Banane, and Orangeat, as well as three sets of Bonbon Babies. Just when the situation seems hopeless, the Senshi are saved by Sailors Neptune, Uranus, and Pluto. With this advantage, they are able to break the flutes of the three fairies, changing them into small birds. The Senshi infiltrate the castle and confront Queen Badiane, who has drained enough dream energy from the children, including Chibiusa, to create the Black Dream Hole. The power drain is enough to force all the Sailor Soldiers except Super Sailor Moon into a half-detransformation. Taking Chibiusa with her, Badiane enters the hole itself, and Super Sailor Moon follows. Sailor Moon then finds herself in Mamoru's apartment, carrying Chibiusa. Mamoru lays her on the bed, then wraps his arms around Super Sailor Moon and tells her not to worry about anything, just to stay there with him. She asks him again who is more important, herself or Chibiusa; he eventually tells her that she is. Super Sailor Moon lifts Chibiusa in her arms once again, and eventually realizes that this experience is all just a dream. As Sailor Moon tries to flee, Badiane demands Super Sailor Moon to give back Chibiusa, but Sailor Moon refuses. Badiane assimilates herself into the black dream hole and attacks Super Sailor Moon with fire. Hearing her mental cry, the other seven Super Sailor Senshi send their power and strength to Super Sailor Moon, awakening Super Sailor Chibi Moon. Together, they destroy Badiane using a double Moon Gorgeous Meditation attack. After the battle, Marzipan Castle is destroyed, and with Pereru's help, the Super Sailor Senshi escape. The airships, each carrying children, return to Earth. Later, at a beach, Pereru gives Chibiusa his glass flute, telling her that he is the fairy who protects children's dreams, and will always be with her, and Chibi Moon kisses him goodbye on the cheek. As Pereru flies away, the Sailor Senshi watch the sun rise.{{cite web}}"
30035.0	0.0	Ashes to Ashes is set in London, England. The film is a surreal journey into the dreams and misadventures of Gabriel Darbeaux a young screenwriter and martial arts enthusiast who supplements his income by escorting wealthy women. We are introduced to Gabriel’s character as he is chased and cornered by a group of Triad thugs armed with swords, sticks and nunchaku. Using his own nunchaku Gabriel manages to fight off the thugs only to find that the whole episode was an early morning dream. The dream provides inspiration for the opening scene of his latest screenplay entitled ‘Ashes to Ashes’ a thriller involving the Italian Mafia, Chinese Triads and a generous amount of martial arts action. While Gabriel believes that the success of this script will give him financial independence, his best friend Michael has plans of setting up his own escort agency. To fund this project, he resorts to making secret recordings of his sexual encounters with a banker’s wife and hopes to earn £100,000 through blackmail. Gabriel receives a call to meet with one of his regular clients at an exclusive restaurant in the West End of London. The woman fails to show and instead Gabriel encounters the beautiful Arabella Simone who draws him into a world which is disturbingly similar to that featured in his screenplay for Ashes to Ashes. Arabella is the former mistress to Valentino Tarantola, a possessive Italian gangster who employs ‘Laundrymen’ Muhammed and Nelson to do his dirty work. When Valentino is apparently castrated and left for dead at Arabella’s apartment she runs to Gabriel for help with the ‘Laundrymen’ close on her tail. Michael is called in to drive the two to a main line station from where they plan to take a train to France. Unfortunately, before the trio get very far, they are captured by the ‘Laundrymen’ and taken to a warehouse where they are introduced to Enrico Tarontola, Valentino’s sadistic younger brother. Bound and gagged, they are forced to listen helplessly as Enrico accuses Arabella of castrating and killing his brother Valentino and Michael of blackmailing his financial advisor’s wife. All three, including Gabriel are to be put to a violent death. Without warning, henchmen of a rival Triad boss storm the warehouse. In the ensuing battle, Gabriel is forced to fight for his life against Triad enforcers and Mafia hitmen. The film ends with Gabriel waking from a violent dream blurring the distinction between dream, reality and the fictional account that Gabriel is writing.
18662.0	0.0	"{{Plot|date""Farewell My Concubine Study Notes"">{{cite web}} In 1977, the year after the end of the Cultural Revolution, two men in Beijing Opera costumes, one in a female role, the other as a stage king, enter the performance hall and are greeted by a voice off camera—they haven't performed in twenty-two years—and a single spot light falls on them. The beginning scene, now shot in sepia, cuts to 1924, near the end of the period when the warlords ruled China. Farewell My Concubine is about the story of Dieyi and Xiaolou and how their lives are lived and affected with the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s, the surrender of the Japanese in World War II, and in the end, the victory of the Communists in 1949. In this scene a woman walks hurriedly with a small child in her arms through a crowded Chinese market. A man, recognizing her, tries to speak to her but she roughly pushes him off as he shouts,""Whore!"" A crowd is watching a troupe of boys from a Beijing opera training school perform for coins in the street, supervised by their aging director, Master Guan. One of the boys, Laizi, tries to run away, and the crowd is insulted. The leader, a possible warlord, begins pushing around Master Guan. One of the troupe, Shitou , distracts the crowd by breaking a brick on his head. The crowd cheers, but Shitou is later punished for pulling such a stunt. The mother takes the boy to the troupe house but Master Guan refuses him because of a birth defect, a superfluous finger. Throughout the scene the audience can hear a peddler calling out his skill as a knife sharpener. The mother goes and gets a sharp knife and cuts off the extra finger. She signs the contract with his thumb print in blood and leaves after giving him her robe. Shitou welcomes him as ""Douzi"" [Bean]. The two boys soon become good friends. A few years later. Laizi, craving freedom and candied crab apples, and Douzi escape, but return after seeing a performance by an opera master that makes Laizi weep and ask how they became stars, and how much they had to endure to become stars. Inspired, Laizi and Douzi return to the troupe, only to find Master Guan beating Shitou for allowing the escape. In the meantime, Laizi hides to quickly stuff his mouth the rest of the crab apples. Douzi walks to the beating bench to accept his punishment. Master Guan begins to beat him mercilessly, but Douzi never screams though Shitou begs him to say he is sorry. Shitou charges the master but the assistant yells for the master to come: Laizi had hanged himself. Douzi attaches himself to Shitou and is trained to play Dan  roles. He practices the monologue ""Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery,"" but when he is to say, ""I am by nature a girl, not a boy"" he instead says ""I am by nature a boy..."" The monologue comes from the kunqu ""The Record of an Evil Sea,"" kuhai  being a Buddhist term for a life of sorrow. Shitou learns the jing, a painted-face male lead. For punishment Xiaolou gets a stick and forces it into Douzi's mouth,{{cite news}} causing his mouth to bleed. The agent begins to leave with the future of the troupe at risk. Soon enough, after he has gargled enough of his blood, a soft whisper of, ""I am by nature a girl... not a boy"" spills out. He had gotten his line right and everyone cheered with happiness and a sense of relief.http://www.illuminatedlantern.com/cinema/review/archives/farewell_my_concubine.php. A while later, Douzi and Shitou perform for the Eunuch Zhang, who admired their performance and summon the boys for an audience. Shitou admires a beautiful sword in Zhang's collection, stating that if he were emperor, Douzi would be his queen. Douzi says that one day he hopes to give Shitou a sword like that. The boys are told Douzi is to meet Zhang alone, where he is given the sword. Douzi walks in on the old man in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down. He wishes to find Shitou because,""I have to pee."" The old man brings a glass dragon jar, tells him to pee, stares in lusty amazement at the boy's body, and reaches for him. Douzi tries to flee, but Zhang pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi had been traumatized. On their way home, Douzi spies a baby abandoned in the street. Master Guan urges Douzi to leave the baby, saying ""we each have our own fate, or yuanfen,"" but Douzi takes him in and eventually Master Guan trains him. Douzi and Shitou become stars of Beijing opera and take on the stage names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou. The adult Dieyi is in love with Xiaolou, but the sexual aspects of his affection are not returned. When they become a hit in Beijing, a patron, Yuan Shiqing, slowly courts Dieyi. Xiaolou, in the meantime, takes a liking to Juxian, a headstrong courtesan at the upscale House of Flowers. .{{citation needed}} Xiaolou intervenes when a mob of drunk men harass Juxian and conjures up a ruse to get the men to leave her alone, saying that they are announcing their engagement. Juxian later buys her freedom and, deceiving him into thinking she was thrown out, pressures Xiaolou to keep his word. When Xiaolou announces his engagement to Juxian, Dieyi and Xiaolou have a falling out. Dieyi calls her ""Pan Jinlian"", a ""dragon lady"" from the novel Golden Lotus. Dieyi takes up with Master Yuan, who gives him Zhang's sword. Master Guan shames them into re-forming the troupe. The complex relationship between these three characters is then tested in the succession of political upheavals that encompass China from the onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The film also follows the fates of Na Kun, who turns his theater troupe over to the new government after 1949, and the abandoned baby, who is trained in the female roles. He is called ""Xiao Si"", or ""Little Fourth Brother."" They go through Japanese Occupation, Kuomintang administration's of the mainland, the Communist revolution in 1949, the People's Liberation Army's entrance of the city, and the Cultural Revolution's attack of the ""feudal"" traditional opera.  ""Xiao Si"" and Douzi have an argument about ""Xiao Si"" training and punishment at the end of which ""Xiao Si"" threatens revenge. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Shitou and Juxian are seen burning now contraband literature and clothing. After a few drinks, they rekindle their relationship. The next scene shifts to Shitou being questioned by the Communist Party on a few unpatriotic words he said years ago and overheard by their manager. ""Xiao Si"" is seen in the background seemingly in a position of power. The Beijing opera troupe is taken out for questioning and offered a chance to repent. Under duress, Shitou confesses that Douzi performed for the Japanese and may have had a relationship with Yuan Shiqing. Douzi, enraged, tells the mob that Juxian was a prostitute. Shitou is forced to admit that he married a prostitute but swears that he doesn't love her and will never see her again for the sake of his life. Juxian is crushed to hear his words and, when given the chance to visit her, he finds her hanged. She has committed suicide from a broken heart. ""Xiao Si"" is seen in a gym practicing Concubine Yu's role, happy over having usurped Douzi's position. Communist cadre catch him in the act. His fate is unclear. The film then jumps back to the first scene of their reunion in 1977. Douzi and Shitou are practicing Farewell My Concubine. Their relationship seems to have mended since the tribunal and suicide of Shitou's wife. They exchange a smile and Shitou begins with the line that gave Douzi trouble forty years ago. Douzi makes the same error of finishing the line with ""I am not a girl"". Shitou corrects him and they continue practicing. Douzi then commits suicide by sword in the same manner as in the play. Farewell My Concubine won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , as well as Best Foreign Language Film at the Golden Globes  and from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association . Gong Li won a Best Supporting Actress award from the New York Film Critics Circle ."
34057.0	0.0	"As the camera pans over the intricate carving on the infamous, ""Black Chair,"" the voice of the Archdruid Dyfed is heard vainly summoning the poet, who sign his work with the nom de plume, ""Fleur-de-lis,"" to stand and be Chaired. The film then flashes back to 1913. As a farmer's son in the village of Trawsfynydd, Ellis Humphrey Evans composes poetry for local eisteddfodau under the bardic name Hedd Wyn . A friend and student minister William Morris , advises Ellis that his verse possesses a passion which better educated poets lack. Therefore, with more work and less womanizing, Ellis could win the National Eisteddfod. Ellis smiles and quips, ""Where do you think all that passion comes from?"" Meanwhile, international tensions rise and the British Army installs an artillery range on a local hillside, much to Ellis' annoyance. In August 1914, Britain declares war on the German Empire. Soon after at a street gathering in the village, an Anglican minister gives a rowsing sermon which demands immediate enlistment. Disgusted, William Morris calls the Anglican minister, ""a disgrace to his calling,"" and tells those nearby not to be deceived. In spite of this, several young men from Trawsfynydd join the British Army, including Ellis' friend Griff Jones . Despite mounting pressure, Ellis refuses to enlist and states that he doesn't think he can kill anyone. As a result, Ellis' fiancée, Lizzie Roberts , accuses him of being, ""afraid of becoming a man."" At a fair, Ellis attempts to mend his relationship with Lizzie, only to find that she has taken up with an English soldier. ""It is nothing personal,"" she says coldly, ""I just don't like your clothes."" Later, in the village pub, Ellis, Moi Davies  are giving Griff, who is now in uniform, a send-off. As a fellow villagers sing the recruiting song, Your King and Country Want You in their honor, Lizzie appears in the pub's doorway. Ellis spots her and begins to loudly sing Myfanwy, a song with implications of female betrayal. Sensing Lizzie's distress, her new beau punches Ellis in the face, screaming, ""You're upsetting the lady! Welsh bastard!"" While riding a train, Ellis encounters Jini Owen , a young woman who admires his poetry. Noticing her interest in him, Ellis asks for Jini's address and sends her a letter. Soon the two are deeply in love. Simultaneously, Ellis develops a close friendship with Mary Catherine Hughes , the young woman who is his sister's teacher. He explains to her that, whenever a poem is lacking, he will cast it into the river, and that it will always return to him stronger. On a railway journey with Jini, Ellis encounters two hideously disfigured war veterans. Despite his sympathy for their plight, the soldiers accuse Ellis of cowardice for remaining a civilian. As he and Jini depart, they threaten to mail him a white feather. Ellis quips, ""You don't have any wings, let along feathers."" Ultimately, Lizzie returns to the village with tuberculosis. After a church service, she informs Ellis that he was right about the war, which is a curse. Later, as Lizzie lays dying, Ellis visits her sickbed and promises to bring her to the National Eisteddfod. Soon after, an official of the draft board arrives at the family farm and takes down the names of Ellis and his brother Bob, despite the resistance of Ellis' mother . As a result, the Crown informs the Evans family that one of their sons must join the British Army. Although seventeen year old Bob longs to enlist instead, Ellis refuses to permit this. Horrified of losing him, Jini pleads with Ellis to led Bob enlist in his place. Enraged, Ellis states that, if Bob were injured or killed, he could never live with himself. With Jini seeing him off, Ellis departs by train join the Royal Welch Fusiliers in Liverpool. Despite the insults showered on them by their English-speaking drill sergeant, Ellis and his fellow Fusiliers continue their training in good spirits and are sent to France. Facing what may be his last chance to win the Eisteddfod, Ellis pleads with his platoon commander to send his awdl Yr Arwr  via the Army Postal Service. The young officer, who is unable to read Welsh, at first refuses, suspecting the poem to be a coded message to the Germans. Eventually he relents, mails Ellis' submission, and praises him as ""The Armageddon Poet."" On 31 July 1917, the Fusiliers go over the top and into the Battle of Passchendaele. Crawling through swampy shell holes filled with corpses, Ellis witnesses his fellow soldiers being shot and blown to pieces around him. At last, he is wounded by shrapnel and crumples to the ground. After hours of lying in no man's land, Ellis is evacuated to an aid post, where he succumbs to his injuries. His devastated parents receive a telegram which carries news of Ellis' death. Jini weeps inconsolably as she reads Ellis' last letter, in which her beloved used a poem to propose marriage. Mary Catherine, in a last tribute to her friend, casts the manuscript to Ellis' poem Rhyfel  into the river. The Evans family receives another telegram which announces that Ellis' submission has won the National Eisteddfod. To the sound of R. Williams Parry's Englynion coffa Hedd Wyn, the Chair which Ellis has dreamed of all his life is delivered to his parents' farmhouse robed in black."
17115.0	1.0	A prologue introduces us to Dr. Austin Sloper , a New York City doctor and resident of a large house on Washington Square whose wife dies in childbirth, leaving a daughter, Catherine , to be raised by her father. As a child, Catherine is overweight, clumsy, and untalented; however, she is also a sweet, affectionate child. She adores her father and tries hard to please him, but he considers her a disappointment and treats her with ironic condescension. His thoughts are still much occupied with his beloved wife and with a promising son who died before Catherine was born, and he privately &ndash; but bitterly &ndash; resents his only surviving child for causing his wife's death. Sloper invites Catherine's widowed aunt, the incurably foolish Lavinia Penniman , to live at Washington Square as a chaperone for Catherine. Catherine becomes a plain young woman who is painfully shy and inept in the social graces expected of someone of her class, despite her aunt's best efforts to instill them. Apart from her sweet nature, Catherine possesses only one obvious attraction: money. She earns $10,000 annually from her mother's estate, and will inherit considerably more when her father dies. At a party celebrating her cousin Marian Almond's  engagement, Catherine is introduced to a handsome, charming young man named Morris Townsend . He is attentive, respectful, and &ndash; to Catherine's obvious astonishment &ndash; clearly interested in her. He begins paying regular calls at Washington Square. Before long, the susceptible Catherine falls headlong in love with him. Sloper, however, suspects Townsend of being a fortune hunter, with no intention of pursuing a career. Aunt Lavinia loves melodrama and gets a vicarious thrill from Townsend's attentions; and so, contrary to Sloper's wishes, she does all she can to encourage the relationship, even meeting Townsend secretly to collude with him. The central conflict emerges when Townsend proposes marriage and Sloper refuses to give his consent, telling Catherine he will disinherit her if she marries without it. Catherine doesn't care about the money, but disobeying her father is another matter. She dutifully accompanies him on a Grand Tour of Europe, during which he exhorts her to give Townsend up; she refuses, and a frustrated Sloper speaks to her with such contempt that she finally admits to herself that he despises her. The realization pains her deeply, but also strengthens her resolve to separate herself from him and bestow all her love and loyalty on Townsend. Catherine comes home, determined to marry. When she and Morris are reunited, she convinces him that her father will never relent. Shortly afterward, he backs out of the relationship. When Catherine tearfully confronts him, he admits his mercenary motives outright and leaves her. Years pass. Catherine has refused at least one respectable offer of marriage. When her father's health fails, she nurses him through his last illness. During his final days, he asks her to promise never to marry Morris Townsend. With quiet dignity, she replies that while she seldom thinks of Townsend, she can't make such a promise. Sloper misunderstands her and alters his will, adding a codicil deploring his daughter's ongoing interest in unscrupulous young men and leaving most of his $300,000 fortune to charity. Catherine is left with only the house and the income from her mother. She isn't offended by the codicil; in fact, at the reading of the will, she laughs. Some time later, Townsend reappears at her doorstep. Catherine, who is now running a daycare center in her house, dismisses a roomful of children, then talks to him briefly. She isn't angry, but she has no interest in renewing their relationship, and tells him so, quietly and firmly. He departs, leaving Catherine to reflect on the passion she once experienced.
36369.0	1.0	Lucy  is a frustrated erotic novelist exploring whether a weekend of sexual passion with Sloan , a bisexual poet, can liberate her from writer's block.
24503.0	1.0	Mammootty plays the lead role of the protagonist, Sudhakaran Nair, an ex-army man who injured his leg while in service. He is now running a shop in the town. He maintains a beautiful garden in front of his house. The film's plot is centred around the romance between the mid-aged Sudhakaran Nair and Indu, a young girl in the neighbourhood.
11180.0	0.0	"Teenager Dedee Truitt  runs away from home after her stepfather's funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill , a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill's young lover, Matt , then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates . She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia , the sister of Bill's deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt's ""bit on the side,"" Jason Bock , attempts to blackmail Bill in order to track down Matt, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom's ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After giving birth to Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom's ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl . Eventually, Dedee decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill  and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification."
32876.0	1.0	{{Expand section}} A man who doesn't like stable work environments has been away for too many years when he finds out his wife has divorced him and is planning to remarry. He comes home to confront her, trying to convince her not to get married, aided by their daughter, who loves him despite his wandering ways. The couple finds out they still have feelings for each other but must decide how best to handle the contradiction of their lifestyles.
16379.0	0.0	Shekhar  is the son of a traditional Hindu father in a seaside village in Tamil Nadu. A journalism student studying in Bombay, Shekhar visits back home to see his family. On one of his return trips, he lays eyes on Shaila Bano , a Muslim schoolgirl in the village. Initially shy, Shaila seeks to distance herself from Shekhar, but after frequent run-ins, and days of pursuit, Shaila begins to like Shekhar. Eventually, they both fall in love. A marriage proposal is vehemently opposed by the lovers' fathers. Shekar's father refuses to accept Shaila as his daughter-in-law, telling Shekhar to find another partner, whilst Shaila's father announces the need for an immediate marriage between his daughter and a Muslim spouse. Shekhar's father says if the two ever get married, he will cease talking to his son. Shekhar reacts angrily to his father's refusal to accept Shaila, and so leaves, back to Bombay. Shaila, under increasing pressure from her father, escapes from the village and joins Shekhar. At first, Shaila is overwhelmed by the city, having relocated for the first time from rural surroundings to a city life. However, with time she adapts to her new lifestyle. The two get married. The newlyweds move into a new apartment. A few months later, Shaila becomes pregnant and gives birth to twins, Kabir and Kamal. Shekar continues to work as a journalist, whilst Shaila works at home, looking after the children. For six years, the family live in Bombay, settling in well, and begin the process of repairing relations with their respective families. The relatives visit the family in the city for the first time in over half a decade, and are overjoyed to see their two grandchildren. Meanwhile, in west India, Hindu fundamentalism rises as a force to reckon with causing a wave of anti-Muslim riots that leave thousands dead in Bombay. Targets of violence from both sides, Shaila and Shekhar worry increasingly over the safety of their children.
9898.0	1.0	Xueyan  is a 40-something single mother who lives in the coastal region of Fujian province. She has a daughter in her late teens and is part of a part-time Min opera troupe from the village. When she is invited to perform with her troupe members for a show, she comes across Sanpeng , a former troupe actor who is now a businessman. Meanwhile, the troupe struggles to survive as modernity and Western habits clash with the traditional performance art.
13010.0	1.0	"The film tells of seventeen-year-old Juan . He lives with his parents and spends time with several intellectuals who are interested in photography. The girlfriend of the group's money person is Ana , and Juan is attracted to her. Ana spent two years at a mental institution because she was considered ""crazy"", yet Juan sees Ana often. Juan is training as a door-to-door salesman, but when a photographer gives him a viewfinder, it changes his life. He's put on the path to his later success as a Hollywood director."
2097.0	1.0	Grace  discovers that her husband Eddie  is having an affair with another woman. To her surprise, she also discovers that people around her advise her to forgive and forget instead of making an issue out of it. Her father  owns a hunter/jumper horse farm and thinks that the whole family should instead concentrate on an upcoming competition.
5949.0	0.0	The film starts with a young woman named Françoise meeting Picasso in Paris during the Nazi occupation of the city, where Picasso is complaining that people broke into his house and stole his linen, rather than his paintings. It shows Françoise being beaten by her father after telling him she wants to be a painter, rather than a lawyer. Picasso is shown as often not caring about other people's feelings, firing his driver after a long period of service, and as a womanizer, saying that he can sleep with whomever he wants. The film is seen through the eyes of his lover Françoise Gilot . As the producers were unable to get permission, to show the works of Picasso in the film, the film is more about Picasso's personal life rather than his works, and where it does show paintings, they are not of his more famous works. When Picasso is shown painting Guernica, the camera sits high above the painting, with the work only slightly visible. The film depicts several of the women who were important in Picasso's life, such as Olga Khokhlova , Dora Maar , Marie-Thérèse Walter , and Jacqueline Roque .
36098.0	0.0	"Vasanth ([[Vijay  is a son of a wealthy businessman and grows up with a possessive attitude. This is shown in one scene in a gift shop where he breaks a gift he likes solely because it had already been bought by someone else. He pays the owner to cover the damages, but he responds with a tagline - ""If I can't get it, nobody can"". He happens to visit Rajastan, where he meets Priya ([[Kausalya  and falls in love immediately. Priya is injured in an accident and Vasanth's friend  rescues her by donating blood. Being unconscious, Priya doesn't know the face of her savior, only the name ""Vasanth Kumar"". After she recovers, Vijay tries to enter the picture, using the confusion in the name and making use of the soft-corner in her heart for her donor. Vijay claims to be her donor and they both develop their romance, using this as a starting point. But how long will this deception go on? Watch the movie to find out."
26935.0	1.0	Alma can't stand to have one more birthday without seeing her estranged daughter, Elizabeth, who lives in Sydney, Australia. But Alma doesn't fit into her daughter's political-hostess life even for a visit, and she finds more sympathy in her granddaughter. Alma, in a burst of rebellion, buys a supercharged hotrod and sets out on a voyage of self-discovery to Melbourne. Along the way, she meets con artists, gangsters, and a ponytailed white-knight in a camper and she finds not only adventure and romance, but also the courage to go back and face her relationship with her daughter and set it right.
16004.0	1.0	Ben Jordan  and his wife Katie  have been married for fifteen years; they have two children, Erin  and Josh , a nice home and a comfortable life. Their happy marriage, however, turns into a sham — a performance they deliver daily for the benefit of their children, while behind the scenes they cannot stand each other anymore. Sending their kids off to summer camp, Ben and Katie commence a trial separation, during which both try and remember what it is about the other that caused them to fall in love in the first place.
19506.0	0.0	"The film begins with an aging king named William  who has a daughter named Odette . He and his friend, the widowed Queen Uberta , decide to have Odette and the Queen's son, Prince Derek , meet every summer with hopes they'll fall in love so as to unite their kingdoms. At first, while Odette and Derek are still children, this fails miserably, but as years pass and the two reach young adulthood, they finally begin to strongly fall madly in love. However, during a royal ball, Derek expresses his wish to marry Odette for just her beautiful and pretty looks, which upsets her into rejecting him again. She leaves the next day with her father, but they are intercepted en route by Rothbart , an evil sorcerer who desires William's kingdom for himself. He kidnaps Odette and fatally injures William; Derek, alerted to the situation, arrives on the scene, where William tells him with his dying breath that they were attacked by a ""Great Animal"", a bat-like monster that is ""not what it seems"". Despite Uberta's efforts to find another princess for her son to marry, Derek becomes fircerely determined to find Odette. He and his best friend Bromley  practice hunting each day to hopefully kill the Great Animal and save Odette. Elsewhere, Rothbart has taken Odette to his castle lair at Swan Lake and cast a transformational spell on her that makes her turn into a swan during the day and a human again during the night. The spell can only be broken by a vow of everlasting romantic love. He asks her to marry him every night so he can rule William's kingdom legally, as taking it by force is too much trouble, but she always refuses. During her captivity, she befriends an old turtle named Speed , a frog named Jean-Bob , and Puffin , a puffin bird. Puffin, after learning about the workings of Rothbart's evil spell, devises a plan to reunite Odette with Derek. Together with Puffin, Odette finds Derek, who has gone searching for her with Bromley; however, he mistakes her for the Great Animal and tries to kill her. The ensuing chase leads Derek to Swan Lake, where he witnesses Odette change from swan to human. The two share a happy loving reunion, but almost immediately, Rothbart comes calling. At Odette's insistence, Derek leaves with the hopes of meeting her at a ball being held by Uberta the following night. Unfortunately, Rothbart finds Derek's bow , tells Odette that there will be no moon the next night, and has her, in swan form, imprisoned within the castle dungeon along with Bromley. He then plans to send his hag sidekick Bridget, disguised as Odette, to the ball instead. Odette's friends free her, but when she reaches the ball, she sees that she has been replaced and tries to warn Derek; she fails, partly due to Bridget's attempts to keep Derek from seeing her, and Derek makes the vow to Bridget. Rothbart arrives and reveals that Derek's vow, given to the wrong woman, will cause his spell to kill Odette. She flies back to Swan Lake as Rothbart's curse drains her life force while Derek, desperate to save her, races after; he arrives too late, and she dies in his arms, but not before she admits her true undying romantic feelings and love for him and that she will always truly love him. A furious Derek confronts Rothbart, demanding that he not allow Odette to die. To Derek's surprise, Rothbart transforms into the Great Animal, and an intense battle ensues, with Rothbart overpowering Derek and nearly killing him. Fortunately, Odette's animal friends return Derek's longbow to him, and Bromley, who has escaped the dungeon, provides Derek with a single arrow; Derek catches it and kills Rothbart by firing it straight-and-true into his heart. With Rothbart's defeat, his spell on Odette is broken, and she returns to life to hear Derek say that he truly does love her for her courage and kindness and has always had. The two are soon married and live happily ever after."
29412.0	1.0	Emily Reed , a young woman, travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm. The firm is impressed with her credentials and immediately offers her a job, on the condition that she be ready to fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily readily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis , one of the firm's top executives, who is overseeing the purchase and renovation of dilapidated beach hotel in Rio. Emily and Claudia arrive in Rio to put the finishing touches on the deal, but an angry Claudia is forced to fly to Argentina when she discovers that the man they are buying the hotel from has flown to Buenos Aires, ostensibly to attend a niece's wedding, although she believes he is secretly trying to make a deal with the Argentinians for the property. Claudia instructs Emily to take her date for the night, advising her that she will leave her one of her own dresses. While looking over the hotel by herself Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She finds the dress that Claudia left for her, and upon going back downstairs is introduced to Claudia's friend and business associate, a wealthy man named James Wheeler . The two, accompanied by his bodyguards, go to dinner, and it is revealed that Wheeler actually bought the dress for Claudia some time ago. He informs her that Wheeler has taken the time to find out information about her by calling her mother, and as such discovered that she has always wanted children and likes roast beef, mashed potatoes, and creamed carrots. Emily finds herself intrigued by him, as he is quiet and asks seemingly personal questions without being pushy or rude. Following dinner they attend a street carnival, but Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like Wheeler tries to seduce her. The next morning Emily awakens in her room to find Wheeler silently watching her, and has brought of bouquet of orchids to her. Wheeler tells her that he is not the man who made advances to her, and as a way of apologizing for any offense he might have caused he asks her to allow him to show her the city's sights. She is initially reluctant but ultimately consents, and that afternoon they attend a beach club with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some military personnel at the party try to make advances on the wife; Wheeler fights them off and he, Emily, and the couple are all forced to flee in his limousine. It is revealed that the couple are having marital problems brought about by the wife's infidelity. She obviously wants to patch things up with her recalcitrant husband, and Wheeler encourages the two to make love, which they ultimately do. Emily is disturbed by their actions, and Wheeler asks her if she has never felt as carnal as the couple, to which she doesn't respond. Emily and Wheeler then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and while there Emily tells Wheeler that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. He tells her to try it and see what happens, but when Emily hugs him he gently pulls away from her, telling her that he doesn't like to be touched. The married couple gave Wheeler a necklace as a token of gratitude for bringing them back together; he gives it to Emily as a gift, possibly because he knows that he hurt her feelings by pulling away from her. That night Emily dresses up for the Carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her the key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but is encouraged by Wheeler to accept. It is then that she realizes Wheeler is incapable of acting upon his own emotions, and because of this he tries to experience passion through other people. Emily ultimately agrees to the stranger's proposal and sleeps with him, but both she and Wheeler seem saddened by the act. The next day Claudia arrives back in Rio with the hotel owner  and a meeting is set up at the airport. Emily is humiliated to discover that the man's attorney, named Jerome, is none other than the stranger she slept with the night before; he uses this to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Emily pulls Claudia aside, but her boss is thrilled when she discovers the truth, as she uses the information to drop thinly veiled threats to Jerome that if he doesn't stop playing hardball she will tell his wife about the affair. As such Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. The meeting over, Claudia goes to a costume shop to get ready for the celebration that will mark the sale of the hotel to a group of Chinese investors. Claudia begins to question Emily regarding her impressions of Wheeler. She tells Emily that Wheeler was an only child born in Philadelphia, stuttered as a child, and was a completely self-made man. She confesses that she became obsessed with him, but that Wheeler would never touch her. She asks Emily if anything happened between her and Wheeler, but Emily says no. Just as they are leaving the store Claudia's assistants reveal that a man bought the deed to the old hotel prior to the finalization of the deal, and both women know who it was. When they confront Wheeler he admits that he was the one who purchased, infuriating Claudia. Claudia decides to go ahead with the sale even though she doesn't own the hotel, hoping that she will be able to circumvent what Wheeler has done. Emily strongly advises her against this course of action, but Claudia will not be deterred. After the paperwork has been signed Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the event. Emily spots Wheeler in the crowd and asks him why he bought the hotel, but before he can answer she is swept away in the crowd. The next morning Claudia invites a young surfer up to her room, but asks Emily to stay since she is able to speak Portuguese and wants her to help translate what the surfer says. Emily is clearly uncomfortable with the idea but agrees. Things get very heated and the three nearly end up sleeping together, but the moment is broken by an angry Wheeler, who interrupts the proceedings. Emily, at an emotional breaking point because of his actions, accuses Wheeler of intentionally setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up, that they disappoint him of their own accord. As he walks away from her she screams at him that he will always be alone. Later on that day a package is delivered to Emily's room, and upon opening it she discovers that Wheeler has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, meaning that the deal with the Chinese can be salvaged. Emily goes to the hotel and finds Wheeler looking out at the ocean. She confesses to him that she loves him, but leaves when he doesn't respond. Later that night Emily returns to her room to find Wheeler waiting for her. He reveals that as a child he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him, and that his teachers thought he was retarded because he never said anything in class. He tells her that he dropped out of school at a young age and worked himself to the bone, and while still a teenager entered the real estate business by purchasing a run-down house in a terrible neighborhood and fixing it up. After he began to accumulate wealth women began to be drawn to him, and he started playing games to keep things interesting. He tells her that the games became a way of life, and he doubts he would be able to quit even if he wanted to. Emily pushes Wheeler to reach out to her, offering him her heart and body if he makes an effort to simply touch her. Though he at first resists, he reaches out and desperately holds her when he thinks she is going to walk out on him. The two embrace and passionately make love. The final scene of the film shows Wheeler and Emily driving away on his motorcycle, happy together.
14911.0	0.0	Mike , a gay street hustler, is standing alone on a deserted stretch of highway somewhere in Idaho. He starts talking to himself and notices that the road looks “like someone’s face, like a messed-up face.” He experiences a narcoleptic episode and dreams of his mother comforting him as he replays home movies of his childhood in his mind. Later, after being fellated by a client in Seattle, Washington, Mike returns to his favorite spots to pick up potential clients. He is picked up by a wealthy older woman  who takes him to her mansion where he meets two fellow hustlers also hired by the woman. One of them is Scott Favor , Mike’s best friend and the other is Gary . While preparing to have sex with the woman, Mike experiences another narcoleptic fit and awakens the next day with Scott in Portland, Oregon. Mike and Scott are soon reunited with Bob Pigeon , a middle-aged man and mentor to a gang of street kids and hustlers who live in an abandoned apartment building. Scott, the son of the mayor of Portland, admits to Bob in private that when he turns 21, he will inherit his father’s fortune and retire from street hustling. Mike yearns to find his mother, and he and Scott leave Portland for Idaho to visit Mike’s older brother Richard , who lives in a run-down trailer. Along this journey Mike confesses that he is in love with Scott. Richard tries to tell Mike who his real father is, but Mike says that he knows it is Richard. Richard tells Mike that their mother works as a hotel maid; when Mike and Scott visit the hotel, they find she has gone to Italy in search of her own family. Mike and Scott travel to Italy where they find the country farmhouse where Mike’s mother worked, as a maid and as an English tutor. The young woman, Carmella , who lives there tells Mike that his mother returned to the United States months ago. Carmella and Scott fall in love and return to the U.S., leaving Mike to return home on his own, facing heartache over Scott's leaving him. Scott inherits his fortune. Back in Portland, Bob and his gang confront a newly reformed Scott at a fashionable restaurant, but he rejects them. That night Bob has a fatal heart attack. The next day the hustlers hold a rowdy funeral for Bob, while in the same cemetery, a few yards away, Scott attends a solemn funeral for his recently deceased father. Mike is back on a deserted stretch of Idaho highway. He falls into another narcoleptic stupor and two strangers pull up in a truck, steal Mike’s backpack and shoes and drive away. Moments later, an unidentified figure pulls up in a car, picks Mike up, places him in the vehicle and drives off.
20506.0	1.0	Ganesh , the product of a Mudaliar-Gounder intercaste marriage, loses several prospective brides due to this and spends his time dreaming of marriage. On a busride to Chingleput to take up a promotion as bank manager, he is involved in an accident. The scene shifts to three months later when he finally shows up at Chingleput. Nandini , living in the house opposite his, showers affection on him, giving him coffee, providing him with hot water, etc. But when he with his parents, visits her to talk about marriage, she rejects him. Revealing the real reason behind her attachment to Ganesh, she tells him of her ill-fated love affair with army officer Subramani . Eager to send him on his way, Nandini sends a letter in Ganesh's name to Ganesh's home, accepting the latest girl they picked for him and Ganesh returns home to find arrangements for his wedding in full swing. Coincidentally, the girl turns out to be someone  he had dreamed of marrying during his pre-Nandini days.
34147.0	0.0	"Novelist Maurice Bendrix  narrates the film as he begins a book with the line ""This is a diary of hate."" On a rainy London night in 1946, Bendrix has a chance meeting with Henry Miles , husband of his former mistress Sarah , who abruptly ended their affair two years before. Bendrix's obsession with Sarah is rekindled; he succumbs to his own jealousy and works his way back into her life. As the story unfolds in 1946, we also see flashbacks of Bendrix with Sarah as they began their affair during World War II. Henry tells Bendrix that he believes Sarah is having an affair, so Bendrix hires the bumbling but amiable Parkis , who uses his young birthmarked son  to investigate. Sarah asks Bendrix to meet to talk about Henry, and the cold tentativeness of their interaction is contrasted with the passion of their earlier encounters. Bendrix learns from Parkis that Sarah has been making regular visits to a priest  under the guise of false dentist visits, and he grows increasingly jealous. Flashbacks show Bendrix expressing jealousy of Henry and asking Sarah to leave him. Though Sarah and Bendrix express love to each other, the affair ends abruptly when a bomb explodes near Bendrix's building as he is out in the hallway. Bendrix falls down a staircase and awakes later, bloodied but not seriously hurt. He walks upstairs, where Sarah is shocked that he is alive. Bendrix accuses Sarah of being disappointed that he survived; and she leaves, telling him ""Love doesn't end, just because we don't see each other."" In 1946, Parkis obtains Sarah's diary and passes it on to Bendrix; it shows the affair from her perspective. After Bendrix is hurt by the bomb, Sarah runs downstairs and finds him still and not breathing. After trying to revive him, she runs back upstairs and begins to pray for Bendrix's life. Just as she says to God that she will stop seeing Bendrix if he is brought back, Bendrix comes into the room. Now knowing why Sarah ended the affair, Bendrix follows Sarah and begs her to reconsider. Sarah tells Bendrix that she has felt dead without him and can no longer keep her ""promise"" to God. Henry, who has figured out that it is Bendrix who was Sarah's lover, desperately asks Sarah not to leave him. But, with more persuasion from Bendrix, Sarah agrees to go away with him for a weekend. Henry tracks the couple down to tell them that Sarah has a terminal illness. Bendrix stays with Henry and Sarah over her final days; and, at her funeral, Parkis tells Bendrix that a chance encounter with Sarah cured his son of his birthmark. At Henry and Sarah's house, Bendrix completes his book; and it is revealed that his diary of hate is directed toward God. While Sarah doesn't need to see God to love Him, Bendrix prays God will leave him alone, thereby finally acknowledging His existence."
28254.0	0.0	"While in their high school cafeteria, Peter, also known as ""Play"" ([[Christopher Martin  announces to his friends Christopher aka ""Kid""  and Bilal  that he will be having a party at his house that night, as his parents are on vacation. The reluctant Bilal is to be the DJ. Kid is then involved in an altercation with school bully Stab  and his two brothers Pee-Wee and Zilla . When Kid comes home, he tries to convince his father, ""Pop""  to let him go to the party. At first Kid's father relents, but soon grounds Kid when a note from Kid's school informs him of the fight he was in. Rather than miss the party of the year, Kid sneaks out while his sleeping father is watching Dolemite - not realizing that his father woke up just as he closed the door. On his way to the party, Kid runs into Stab and his brothers, and ducks into an Alpha Delta Sigma reunion nearby to get away from them. Crashing the reunion, Kid has the DJ ([[George Clinton  scratch and mix a few of his old doo wop records so that he can liven the party with a rap, until Stab and the others turn up again. When trying to get away from Stab, he winds up knocking an older man down before attempting to make a run for it. However, Kid and the bullies are caught by the neighborhood police, who humiliate the four teenagers in front of the reunion party attendees before letting them go. Before that, he jumps over a fence to get away, ending up looking in a window where a fat man is having rough sex with his lady, and when he is discovered, Kid runs away, and the three punks are shot at. When Kid finally makes it to the house party, he finds it in full swing, with attractive girls Sydney  and Sharane  also in attendance. After some music and dancing, Kid and Play first get into a dance contest with Sidney and Sharane, and later have a quick freestyle battle. Stab and his friends attempt to break up the party, but are arrested a second time by the policemen, who take delight in the prospect of beating them up. Kid's father eventually makes his way to the party, demanding to know where Kid is. When he doesn't spot Kid - Kid is upstairs helping Sharane get her coat - Pop vows to wait for the boy at home. Although Kid and Sydney each have an eye for each other, Sharane decides to openly flirt with Kid, much to Sydney's disgust. The three of them soon leave the party, but when Kid tries to make advances on Sharane, she rebuffs him. Kid then walks Sydney back home, and after some argument the two of them finally calm down and make conversation. Sydney allows Kid to sneak into her house, and the two are about to have sex in Sydney's room when she stops him, wanting to know if she is simply his second choice. Kid admits that Sydney was his first choice all along, but they do not do anything when they see that the only condom Kid has is too old to be used. When Sydney's parents come home - now revealed as one of the couples at the high school reunion, including the man Kid ran into - Sydney hastily helps Kid sneak out of the house. He manages to get out of yet another scrape with Stab and his brothers, and they all end up in a jail cell, where Kid entertains the rest of the men in the cell by rapping, distracting them long enough for Play, Sharane, Bilal, and Sydney to arrive with enough cash to bail him out. Later on, the five friends say their goodnights. Kid and Sydney share a long passionate kiss goodnight. After Play and Bilal drops him off, Kid sneaks in the house and gets undressed. As he is about to get into bed, he looks up only to find Pop holding a belt. The movie then cuts to the credits where Pop whipping Kid can be heard."
18012.0	0.0	"Three Americans from New York arrive in Tangier in 1947. Port Moresby  and his wife Kit  are accompanied by their friend George Tunner  on a trip that will take them deep into the Sahara Desert. Tunner observes, ""We're probably the first tourists they've had since the war"" to which Kit replies, ""We're not tourists. We're travelers."" While Tunner plans to return home in a few weeks, Port and Kit plan on staying for a year or two. While awaiting transport to a hotel, the group meets the Lyles – Mrs. Lyle ([[Jill Bennett , a travel writer and her son Eric . After arriving at the hotel, Port invites Kit to accompany him for a walk of the city. After refusing and rebuffing his romantic advances, Port angrily leaves. During his walk he meets a prostitute . The two have sex and the prostitute attempts to steal his wallet. Port quickly leaves and is chased by a mob. The next morning Tunner arrives at Kit's room to take her shopping. Not wanting Tunner to know that Port stayed out all night, she removes the covers from his bed to make it appear that he slept there. As Kit and Tunner are preparing to leave, a disheveled Port arrives. Seeing his bed, he assumes that Tunner spent the night with Kit. Port and Kit once again encounter the Lyles and are offered a ride in their car to their next destination but are informed that there is no room for Tunner. Port accepts the ride with the Lyles while Kit takes the train with Tunner. Tunner and Kit awake the next morning in Kit's room after a drunken tryst. Suspicious of Kit's relationship with Tunner, Port arranges for Eric Lyle to provide Tunner with transportation to Messad on the pretext that Port and Kit will meet him later. Eric agrees but also steals Port's passport. In Bounoura, Port discovers his passport missing. Even after being informed by local officials that the passport can be recovered in Messad, Port decides to proceed to El Ga'a with Kit in order to avoid a meeting with Tunner. Port then contracts typhoid and dies at a French foreign legion post leaving Kit alone deep in the Sahara. Kit wanders in the desert until she is rescued by a caravan led by Belqassim . After the caravan arrives at Belqassim's home, he disguises Kit as a boy and locks her in a guest house. Although held captive, Kit welcomes Belqassim's advances and the two begin an affair. Kit is soon discovered by Belqassim's wives who order her to leave. Kit finds herself disoriented in the local marketplace and is found in a hospital by staff of the American embassy. She is transported back to Tangier where she began her journey and is told that Tunner is waiting for her. After arriving at the hotel, Kit flees into the city before Tunner can meet her."
9797.0	1.0	It is the story of the relationship between journalists Dan Hanson  and Lorie Bryer  twice – once from each perspective. The man's story was directed by Ken Kwapis and the woman's by Marisa Silver. At the time, Kwapis and Silver were engaged and they married soon after the film was released. Dan and Lorie are rival editorial page contributors at the Baltimore Sun. The rivalry between the conservative Dan and liberal Lorie eventually leads to a TV series where both present their opposing views on various topics such as abortion, sexual harassment, and gay rights. As Dan and Lorie get to know each other, they discover they have feelings for each other.
24155.0	0.0	"Brandon Teena  is a young female-to-male non-operative transgender man, whose birth name was Teena Renae Brandon. When Brandon is discovered to be anatomically female by the brother of a woman he once dated, he becomes the target of physical threats. Not long after, he is involved in a bar fight and is evicted from his cousin's trailer. Brandon moves to Falls City, Nebraska where he cultivates friendships with ex-convicts John Lotter  and Tom Nissen ,  and their friends Candace  and Lana Tisdel . Brandon becomes romantically involved with Lana, who is unaware of his biological sex and troubled past. The two make plans to move to Memphis, where Brandon will manage Lana in a karaoke career. Brandon is detained for charges that arose prior to his relocation and placed in the women's section of the Falls City prison. Lana bails Brandon out. After Lana asks why Brandon was in a women's prison, Brandon lies to her, saying he was born a hermaphrodite and will soon receive a sex change. Lana declares her love for Brandon, ""no matter what he is."" Tom and John become suspicious after they read a newspaper article about Brandon that refers to him by his birth name, Teena Brandon. Tom and John force Brandon to remove his pants, revealing his genitals. They try to make Lana look, but she shields her eyes and turns away. After this confrontation Tom and John chase Brandon to an isolated location, where they beat and violently rape him. Afterward, they take Brandon to Nissen's house. Though injured, Brandon escapes through a bathroom window. Having been threatened by his assailants and told not to report the attack to the police, a distressed Brandon is nonetheless convinced by Lana to file a report. One evening, John and Tom get drunk, and decide to kill Brandon. Despite Lana's attempts to stop them, John and Tom drive to Candace's remote house where they find Brandon, who has been hiding in a shed on Candace's property. John shoots Brandon under the chin, and Tom shoots Candace in the head while Lana fights them and screams for them to stop. John stabs Brandon's lifeless body and Tom attempts to shoot Lana, but is stopped by John. John and Tom flee the scene, while Lana lies with Brandon's dead body. The next morning, Lana wakes up on Brandon's dead body. Her mother arrives and takes an emotionally wrenched Lana away from the scene. The film ends with Lana leaving Falls City while a letter Brandon wrote her is read in a voice-over."
20166.0	1.0	David Lewis  is so affected by the death of his beautiful wife Gillian , who fell from the mast pole of their boat on a sailing trip, that he turns their summer cottage in Nantucket, Massachusetts into a permanent home and spends most of his time on the beach there, communicating with his dead wife's spirit and unwittingly neglecting his teenage daughter Rachel . On the second anniversary of Gillian's death, David invites Gillian's sister Esther Wheeler  and her husband Paul  to stay for the weekend. Esther insists on bringing a female friend named Kevin Dollof  whom she hopes David will become romantically interested in. David, however, ignores her in proceeding with a ritualistic celebration of Gillian's birthday. The events of the weekend cause the adults to re-examine their relationships; Esther and Paul have to deal with the problem posed to their marriage by Rachel's provocative young teenage friend, while, most importantly, David comes to realize that he can be a loving and attentive father to Rachel without betraying the memory of Gillian.
18930.0	0.0	" 14-year-old Max Goof is the son of Goofy Goof. The two have a tense relationship. On the last day of school before the summer break, Max and his best friends P.J. and Robert ""Bobby"" Zimmeruski hijack the auditorium stage in the middle of Principal Mazur's speech, creating a small concert where Max performs while costumed as the pop singer Powerline. The performance succeeds in making Max a school celebrity and impressing his love interest Roxanne; but He, P.J. and Bobby are sent to Mazur's office. Roxanne speaks with Max and agrees to go with him to a party where Powerline's concert will be aired live, but Mazur forewarns Goofy that Max's actions may result in facing capital punishment. Goofy desperately decides to take Max on a fishing trip to Lake Destiny, Idaho, following a map route he and his father took years ago, and shoves Max into his AMC Pacer station wagon. However, he is oblivious to what Max is planning to do with Roxanne. Max stops by Roxanne's house to call off their date, but when Roxanne says she will just have to go with someone else, Max instead fabricates a story about his father knowing Powerline. He tells her that he will be on stage at the concert with Powerline. Goofy plans his own trip against Max's wishes. Max hurts Goofy's feelings after his father humiliates him at an opossum-based theme park. While camping, Pete and P.J. join them. Following Pete's advice to keep Max under control, Goofy takes his son fishing and performs the Perfect Cast fishing technique, luring Bigfoot to their camp. Pete and P.J. flee, leaving Goofy and Max to spend the night with Bigfoot. At night, while Goofy is still sleeping, Max alters the map route to Los Angeles, where the concert is to take place. The next morning, Goofy decides to make Max the navigator of the trip. The two go to several locations that satisfy both of them. They stop by a motel where they meet Pete and P.J. again. When Pete overhears a conversation between Max and P.J., he tells Goofy that Max has duped him in traveling to Los Angeles. The next day, Goofy and Max come to a junction: One leading to Idaho, the other to California. Max chooses the route to California, making Goofy stop the car and storm off in anger. The car drives off on its own; Goofy and Max chase after it and end up at a river. Goofy reveals that no matter how old Max gets, he will always be his son and the two reconcile with each other. Realizing that Max had promised to Roxanne to go to the Powerline concert, Goofy decides to take him to Los Angeles. But the two nearly plummet down a waterfall, before Max saves Goofy, using the Perfect Cast technique. Goofy and Max get to Los Angeles and they end up onstage and dance with Powerline, watched by Pete, P.J. and Roxanne on separate televisions. Goofy and Max return to Roxanne's house in their damaged car. Max tells the truth to Roxanne, but she accepts it and admits she always had feelings for him ever since he first said, ""Ahyuck!"" Goofy's car explodes, but he safely falls through the porch roof of Roxanne's house, and he's introduced to her by Max."
19813.0	0.0	"Wallace  and Wilder Foudroyant  are brothers and pyrokinetics. Ever since a childhood tragedy where they accidentally killed a bum sleeping in a friend's ""secret clubhouse,"" they've kept their firestarting abilities a secret. Now that they're grown up and estranged, Wallace  wants to debut his talents on The David Letterman Show. Wilder has a dull job in a minuscule Kwik Foto booth at a dying mall and is a volunteer fireman. When Wallace brings the carnival to Wilder's Florida hometown, the tension between the brothers over Wilder's oversexed wife, Vida , explodes. Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo-calling on her first day of freedom after a year of house arrest for inadvertent arson, Vida goes off with Wally. They share a kiss at a miniature golf course which bursts into the flames of their passion. Returning home after his fire unit has extinguished the flames at the golf course, Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love on the roof of the house trailer. Wally and Wilder fight it out, with Wally setting the trailer ablaze. All three are jailed, but Wally and Vida are bailed out by Wally's friend and carnival partner, Rex . In a deep slump, Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto  while Vida stays at the firehouse. Wally goads him into fighting for Vida, and their climactic fight sets half the carnival's rides ablaze. The denouement shows Vida and Wilder  watching Wallace on a successful Letterman reappearance as Dr. Napalm."
5979.0	1.0	Hugo Dugay  runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles. The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply. In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini ([[Richard Lewis  and filmmaker Franz Mazur , Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva  and Henry . Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen , a customer of hers who has ALS.
21339.0	1.0	Harold McMurphy  is a Beverly Hills tour bus driver. One day he meets Amanda Clark , an up-and-coming actress he falls for. Unfortunately, she mistakes him for a famous screenwriter. In order to romance her, he allows her to believe he is.
18694.0	1.0	Love Is All There Is is a modern retelling of the Romeo and Juliet story. It is set in the Bronx during the 1990s. The Cappamezzas , Bronx-born Sicilians, own a local catering business. They develop a bitter rivalry with the pretentious Malacicis , recent immigrants from Florence and owners of a fine Italian restaurant. The Cappamezzas' son, Rosario,  falls in love with the Malacicis' daughter, Gina,  after she replaces the obese star of the neighborhood church's staging of Romeo and Juliet. The rivalry intensifies after Rosario deflowers Gina after a fight with her parents. The movie was filmed at Greentree Country Club in New Rochelle, NY and many scenes were shot in City Island, Bronx, New York.
13146.0	1.0	Kamali ([[Devayani  lives with her sister and brother-in-law in Ooty and is searching for a job. While in Madras, her purse is stolen and she fears she has lost her university certificates. Surya  who works in Jaipur finds the purse and sends it back to her, and a love develops through letters and phone calls. They agree to love each other without meeting, and Surya eventually moves to Madras for work. However Kamali's brother-in-law is pressuring her to marry a suitable man and Surya's boss keeps trying to seduce him. Eventually, Kamali and Surya unite through a run of coincidences.
36505.0	0.0	Vishwanathan , due to his passion for farming and agriculture, gave up his job in an MNC and has been settled in his village. One day he gets a call from Hyderabad that Revathi , his sister, who is studying medicine at a medical college has been missing for the past couple of days. Vishwanathan sets out to Hyderabad on the same day in a tourist bus. The bus, which is on a trip to Tirupati, is packed with a set of Tamil Brahmin pilgrims. Gowri ([[Annie , a beautiful girl among them grabs his attention for her singing abilities. The next day morning, on reaching Hyderabad, Vishwanathan reaches the college, and from her friends comes to know that Revathi had received threats from one Sudhakar Reddy , son of an underworld don. Revathi, who had witnessed a murder committed by Sudhakar, had planned to appear at an identification parade at the police station. Sudhkar in fury, rapes her, and in an effort to save herself, she falls down from the top of a building and dies. Vishwanathan visits the nearby police station to file a complaint, but gets cold response from the local inspector. He even threatens to arrest Vishwanathan, if he decides to move ahead with the complaint. Vishwanathan, who goes crazy of anger, gets into a scuffle with Sudhakar, and kills him, which causes his father Reddy, who is now ruling the city, to hunt for Vishwanathan. He is saved by the rival mafia don Patel ([[Devan . Vishwanathan is made to stay at a brothel run by Patel, where he meets Appu , a good hearted chap. At the brothel, he is shocked to see Gowri, with whom he had a crush on the bus on the road to Hyderabad. From Appu, he comes to know that she was trapped and kidnapped at Tirupathi and has been sold to Patel by a lady pimp . On meeting Vishwanathan, Gowri pleads him to save her. At night, she hits the local inspector with a liquor bottle, causing him injury. Vishwanathan decides to save her and is helped by Appu in finding a route outside. Appu introduces him to Jose ([[Vijayaraghavan , a truck driver from Kerala and his sidekick Kunjahammed ([[Augustine . But Appu is killed by the goons of Patel. Vishwanathan flees out from the brothel with Gowri and is followed by Patel and his goons. On other side, Reddy is also after him. Their chase turns more violent as they face several hardships on the path, including many local criminals. But Vishwanathan, after a bloody, long chase, succeeds in saving her by killing both Patel and Reddy.
21968.0	1.0	Aman  is an impoverished, lame orphan who is befriended by wealthy Akash Verma  during his childhood. Akash's parents adopt Aman and give him their family name, so Akash and Aman grow up as brothers. While Akash is a womaniser, Aman takes to writing poems under the pen name Sagar. The poems get published, and Aman becomes very popular. One of his fans is a young woman by the name of Pooja Saxena , who corresponds with Sagar. Akash meets Pooja and falls head over heels in love with her. When Aman comes to know of this, he asks Akash to pose as Sagar, which he does, then Pooja and Akash fall in love with each other. A heartbroken Aman looks on, as he knows that although women may like his poetry, they will never come out openly and love him when they see his handicap. Akash discovers that Aman loves Pooja and that he is actually Sagar, through a string of events triggered by a Pankaj Udhas show. Akash confronts Aman with this and Aman submits that he loves Pooja. Pooja witnesses this encounter and becomes upset with both Akash and Aman. Akash convinces Pooja and she eventually ends up accepting Aman.
35980.0	0.0	"William Adamson , a poor naturalist, returns home to Victorian England after having spent years along the Amazon River studying all kinds of animals, mainly insects. William is penniless, having lost all his possessions during a shipwreck. Nevertheless he manages to befriend Sir Harald Alabaster , an amateur insect collector and botanist. Sir Harald hires William to catalog his specimen collection and teach his younger children the natural sciences, assisting their governess, Matty . He becomes enamored of Sir Harald's daughter, Eugenia , who is still mourning the suicide of her fiance. William and Eugenia quickly fall in love and lust and decide to marry. Their ceremony is shown as concluding in the marriage bed with the happy couple having enthusiastic sex. Sir Harald and his wife Lady Alabaster eagerly grant their approval of this match, but Eugenia's older brother Edgar  takes an intense dislike to William, never passing up the opportunity to pick fights with him or to remind him of his humble working class background: ""You're not one of us."" After the marriage, Eugenia produces five children in quick succession. She insists on naming the first boy ""Edgar"", after her brother. William never warms to the children, instead spending his time studying a colony of red ants with Matty and various children of the house. He writes a book about their observations, which is quickly accepted by a publisher. One day, during a hunting excursion, William is summoned back to the house by a servant boy who claims that Eugenia wishes to speak to him. He walks into the bedroom, surprising Eugenia and Edgar while they are engaging in incestuous sex. Eugenia then confesses that she and Edgar had been having sex with each other for years and that her fiance committed suicide after discovering this. Eugenia also tells William that even though she knew it was wrong for her to have sex with her brother, it did not quench her desire to do it. William then tells Eugenia that he is leaving her and the children, which he is now convinced were fathered by Edgar in any case. However, he does promise not to tell Sir Harald the real reason behind his departure reasoning that the truth would injure the old man's health. William, after being provoked by Matty, opens up to her as he has become quite close to her during the years. Although she denies having sent the servant after William, she does admit that she knew of the incestuous relationship that Eugenia had with Edgar and that the other servants knew as well. William then tells Matty of his desire to go back to the Amazon and not return. Matty reveals that she has booked two tickets on a boat departing shortly to the Amazon. William is initially reluctant for them both to go; despite his attraction to Matty, he does not feel that the rain forest is a suitable place for a woman. After she promises to help him in his work, and reveals that she loves him, William acquiesces to her plan. The movie ends with William and Matty departing in a coach looking out the window into the empirical world."
2828.0	0.0	"The story begins on ""the strangest day"" of Larry Burrows  life consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures. Larry, who blames all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of a high school baseball game, wishes he had done things differently. His wish is granted by a guardian angel-like figure named Mike , and appears at various times as a bartender, a cab driver, and so on. Larry soon discovers that Mike has transferred Larry into an alternate reality in which he had won the pivotal high school game. He now finds himself rich and  powerful, and married to the boss's  sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers . At first, his new life seems perfect, but he soon begins to miss his best friend Cliff Metzler  and wife Ellen  from his previous life; he also discovers that his alternate self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger , and as Larry's problems multiply, he finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life."
28025.0	0.0	"Woo  is an extroverted woman living in New York City, and she has a notorious knack for turning men into mush. When Woo's psychic friend Celestrial  predicts that the man of her dreams is about to enter her life, Woo doesn't believe it is true. Celestrial, however, is convinced that Woo is destined to meet a tall, debonair Virgo. Woo's cousin Claudette  and Claudette's boyfriend Lenny  plan to spend the night together but find themselves entertaining Woo instead. Lenny begs his best friend Tim Jackson  to take Woo out — even though shy, straight-laced law clerk Tim is the polar opposite of the sassy and brassy Woo. That same night, Lenny and Claudette's night goes wrong when his sick obsession with chicken drives her to be forced to dress up as a sexy but awkward ""chicken ho""  but she is allergic to feathers. At first, Woo expresses disinterest in the matchmaking mismatch. But when she's told that Tim is a Virgo, she decides it is fate, jumps at the chance, and immediately heads for Tim's apartment. Meanwhile, Tim, who can't believe his luck, goes next door to his neighbor Darryl  for tips on romancing women. Darryl supplies Tim with incense, edible body oils, and a tape of sexy songs. When Woo arrives, Tim is completely smitten. Woo, however, discovers that Tim is anything but the sexy, spontaneous stud of her dreams. Finding Tim's pseudo-cool act totally transparent, she humiliates and teases him. They are just about to exit Tim's apartment when Tim is visited by three of his pals — Frankie , Hop , and Romaine . The chauvinistic attitude of Tim's friends irritates Woo, so she retaliates and freaks out the trio by acting insane. Finally, the date gets underway. Woo and Tim arrive at a stuffy Italian restaurant, but Woo's behavior gets them thrown out. They go to a dance club, where Tim becomes the victim, punched out by Woo's ex-boyfriend. Woo likes a good laugh, and when Tim discovers the theft of his flashy new car, she finds this hilarious. And so it goes, straight on till morning.  *Tim's friends: Frankie, Hop and Romaine have their own night of fun, gradually going to the same places Woo and Tim go. Unfortunately for them, they unwittingly go to a night club with mostly drag queens, but Hop thinks they are really women. Tagline: It's her world.. we're just living in it."
25322.0	0.0	"Hadassah , a beautiful Jewish girl, lives with her cousin Mordecai  in Susa, the capital of Persia. After King Ahasuerus  deposed Queen Vashti  of her throne, because of her refusal to attend a feast and for ridiculing her guards. He decrees an order to choose a new queen. Hadassah changes her name to Esther, meaning ""hidden"". Guards go to the surrounding places of the castle and capture virgins. Mordecai attempt to hide Hadassah but she is captured by the guards. The guards allow her to say farewell to her kinsmen. Mordecai tells her not to tell anyone she is a Jew and introduce herself as Esther, he also tells her to forget her name but not to forget that she was a Jew. They are taken to the first harem, where they are placed under the custody of Hegai , he explains to them that they are to meet the king the next two days in the royal bed chamber and make love to him . Esther finds a girl crying and comforts her. Hegai moves them to the second harem. The next day, while everyone is busy preparing herself for the king, one of the girls tells Esther that when it is their time to go to the king they may ask for anything they want to take with them. Esther asks her servant, Miamuna ([[Natasha Williams , and asks how it feels to make love to a man and Miamuna replies that it depends on the man. That night, it is time for Esther to present herself to the king. The king asks her name ad unveils her. A rose falls. The king asks her if she picked it for the king and she answers no. The king then tells her she is different from the others and makes love to her. The next day Esther is crowned queen. That night, Mordecai hears a plot against the king and reports to Esther. Esther then exposes the plot and the men are sentenced to death. The next day, Haman  presents a gift to the king. Memucan , a trusted man of the king, tells him that his gifts will get him nowhere. Next day, Memucan dies and King Ahasuerus mourns for three days. Esther requests to be received but the king takes no heed. Haman comes and tells the king to govern but the king takes no heed again. Esther leaves and believes she has lost the king's favor. The king then appoints Haman as lord chamberlain. The next day, Esther calls Hegai to her chambers and asks him what she should do to win back the king's favor. Hegai answers that she must be patient. That night, Hamon's servants tell him that Mordecai does not respect him, this angers Haman. Haman then goes to the king and tells him a lie about the Jews. The king believes him and gives him his signet ring which gives Haman the right to decree a rule that even the king cannot hold back. Hamon decree to all provinces that they should annihilate all Jews. At hearing this decree, Mordecai dresses himself in sackcloth and mourns outside the palace gates. Miamuna informs Esther and Esther orders her servant, Hathach , to give Mordecai clothes. Mordecai refuses them. Esther orders Hathach to ask Mordecai what afflicts him. Mordecai gives the letter of decree to Esther and tells Esther to go before the king. Esther reads the letter and cries because it is forbidden to go before the king without being called. Miamuna reminds her that if the king hold out his golden scepter her life will be spared. Esther tells Mordecai to gather all the Jews and to fast for three days on her behalf. After three days, she dresses in her best gown and goes before the king. The king holds out his scepter and asks her her petition and request and promises her that it shall be granted. Esther asks Hamon and the king to go to a banquet she has prepared in her quarters. the king grante her request. At the banquet, the king asks Esther her petition and request. Esther promises the king that she will tell her petition and request if they go to the banquet tomorrow again. The next day at the banquet, the king asks the same question and she asks to spare her life and the lives of her people. The king asks her who would do such a thing. She exploits Haman. The king, enraged, goes to his garden. Haman asks Esther to spare his life. The king comes back and tells his guards to hang Haman and gets his signet ring. The king appoints Mordecai as his lord chamberlain. Mordecai then decrees that allow Jews to defend themselves. Esther asks the king to hold back the rule made by Haman. The king fulfuls her request. Esther then passes a law that the Jews will not be persecuted anymore. Some of the Jews go back to Jerusalem, led by Ezra ."
31467.0	0.0	Unaware of her co-worker's sexuality, Annie tries to seduce Ron. After learning she's pregnant, she moves in with him despite her discovery that he is gay and living with a boyfriend Nick. Together, the trio navigates their way through a minefield of romantic difficulties while discovering the true meaning of love.
28463.0	1.0	"Gary Starke  is a New York ticket scalper who, in the old traditional style of scalping ""works the street"", known as ""the walk"", as opposed to the plethora of modern-day ticket brokers who ply the Internet for sales. Yet when his girlfriend Linda  gets enough of his lifestyle and leaves him, he decides to mend his ways and make one last big score, something that will help him win Linda back and straighten out his life. He finds his chance in an epiphanic moment; an opportunity to scalp a large stack of tickets to see the hottest show in town --- the Pope at Yankee Stadium."
9533.0	0.0	Chris , a young police officer, meets the attractive and sexy Pamela , and immediately falls in love with her. Even her drug and alcohol problems cannot affect his mad love for her, and they decide to marry. As the relationship continues, more problems arise. Their passionate love is accompanied by destructive fights, and Pam's emotional problems start to surface. She shows no respect for Chris's family members, who are very important to him. Pam is also manipulative and exploits Chris' love for her, leaving him to do all the chores and making him buy her expensive things until they are on the brink of bankruptcy. Trouble escalates when Chris loses his job, after trouble with a fellow officer. To finance Pam's lifestyle, Chris decides to earn a living by robbing banks. Pam is fascinated with his bank heists and begs him to tag along. After having finally robbed enough banks to afford a house of their own, Chris decides to stop a life of crime, much to Pam's chagrin. Pam soon leaves Chris who quickly finds himself unable to live without her. Chris then agrees to start robbing banks again which proves to be fatal for the duo.
786.0	1.0	While visiting a Northern English city, Barbara , an aspiring Hollywood actress, has a fling with the town undertaker Richard , who also writes obituaries for the local paper and has written one unsuccessful novel, Uzi Suicide. Barbara returns home, where she works as a waitress at a Japanese restaurant. She brags about the handsome writer she met while away. Unfortunately Richard follows her to Hollywood.
29241.0	1.0	"Jackie and Luke Harrison  are a divorced couple that are struggling to raise their children, Anna  and Ben , happy with this sudden change of lifestyle. This is far from easy, as Luke, an attorney, is living with his new girlfriend Isabel , a successful fashion photographer several years his junior. Isabel tries very hard to make Anna and Ben feel comfortable and happy with her, but Anna repeatedly rejects her overtures while Ben, who is generally kind to Isabel, adds extra complication with his mischievous nature. Isabel behaves with contempt tempered by caution around Jackie, believing she overcompensates for her divorce by spoiling her children. Conversely, Jackie, a former publisher turned stay-at-home-mom, gives Isabel a cold reception, seeing her as an overly ambitious career woman. She also continues to harbor malice against Luke . After a long string of arguments and hurt feelings between Isabel, Jackie and Anna, Luke proposes to Isabel, making her Anna and Ben's soon-to-be official stepmom. This causes even more friction. However, Jackie is diagnosed with lymphoma, which is discovered to be terminal. She experiences a range of negative emotions, angry at the woman who she feels played a role in her broken family, and angry at the fact that after all of the sacrifices she made for her family, she will not even get to see her children grow up. Both Jackie and Isabel clash repeatedly, largely over Isabel's parenting. This becomes evident when Ben goes missing on Isabel's watch and Jackie claims that she has never lost him, which she later admits to be untrue. However, they manage to call a shaky truce, as both Jackie and Isabel come to terms with the fact that the latter will soon step into the role of surrogate mother. The two women finally bond with each other when Isabel reveals her admiration of Jackie's maternal instincts, while Jackie in turn compliments Isabel's hipness as a means to connect with Anna. Isabel finally lets her guard down when she tearfully tells Jackie her biggest fear is that on Anna's wedding day, all Anna will wish for is her mother's presence. Through her own tears, Jackie says her own fear is that Anna will forget her. Jackie explains to Isabel that, while Jackie will always have their past, Isabel will have their future. The film ends with the family celebrating Christmas. Jackie, bedridden from her illness, is visited in her room by Ben and Anna. Individually, Jackie tells her children after giving them their presents that even though she will die, she will always be with them as long as they remember her. Later that day, Isabel is taking a family picture of Luke and Jackie with their children. Jackie demonstrates her acceptance of Isabel by inviting to join them in the portrait, stating ""let's get [a photo] with the whole family"". Isabel does, and as the closing credits begin, both women are shown happily in a photo side by side, finally at peace with one another and future events ."
9535.0	1.0	Vishva ([[Prashanth  spends his time hanging out with Charlie to avoid his mother ([[Ambika  who always quarrels with his dad . To find peace, he plays tricks on others. Among the victims is Jothi . The story moves to London, where Prasanth visits Princess Diana's grave and leaves a beautiful poem behind. At the same time, Isha too visits the grave and leaves a note after reading the poem. Then begins a warm relationship between Isha Koppikar and Prashanth without seeing each other.
3753.0	0.0	Alan Riply , a young cabana boy working at an opulent beach hotel, falls in love with Ella Brice , the wife of business mogul Mark Brice . Ella returns his love, but when Mark finds out he has Alan shot and buried alive. Though badly scarred, Alan survives and works his way to the position of an eminent criminal attorney with underworld connections, under the name of Manuel Esquema. When Brice runs into legal trouble, Esquema is ready to help him for a price, but the man behind the mask, Alan, still yearns for Ella.
3917.0	0.0	"Jimmy Kowalski , a Gulf War veteran and former stock car racer, works as an automobile restorer and delivery driver at a shop in Idaho. He takes an assignment delivering a 1971 Plymouth Roadrunner to New Mexico to pay his wife's mounting medical bills. While in New Mexico, he is offered another job, delivering a 426 Hemi powered 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T to Salt Lake City, Utah. On the way, he's informed that his wife's already-difficult pregnancy has taken a turn for the worse and continues to head back home to Idaho, refusing to stop for police when flagged down for speeding. An interstate chase develops. Throughout the rest of the journey he is pursued by a relentless Utah sheriff and an FBI agent who, while trying to make a name for himself and the organization after the incidents of Ruby Ridge and the Waco Siege, becomes convinced he is either running drugs or is a domestic terrorist. Kowalski is aided in his flight by a radio shock jock called ""The Voice"" , a libertarian DJ with a Gadsden flag in his studio, who is constantly giving homilies on things such as income taxes and government oppression. The Voice, intrigued by Kowalkski's run across country, sets out to find the truth about Kowalski. As he does so, he discovers the truth of Kowalski's ""drug run"" and that he is really rushing home to be with his wife and her now dangerous pregnancy. Along the way, Kowalski runs into the desert where he gets lost, blows a tire, and spends the night in an Indian reservation. He finds his way back onto the road where he continues on his way to Idaho, tricking the FBI into going the opposite direction of his intended path. However, as the day rides on he falls asleep and drives into the salt flats. A woman on a motorcycle finds him just after he wakes up and informs him that he has damaged his oil pan. He follows her to her hideout where he meets her boyfriend who is at first suspicious that he is from the government. He is hiding from the IRS. After the girl and Kowalski convince him he is 'one of them', he offers to ride 30 miles to try and locate a replacement oil pan. He arrives back after successfully finding one but also warns Kowalski that the roads and intersections are teeming with police and agents. After they help Kowalski fit the pan they offer to help him with a plan to run a roadblock. Kowalski successfully gets through the roadblock by having flashing police lights mounted on the roof and rushing at the roadblock; in the dimming light the police think its another police car and hurriedly let him through. However an officer fires a shot at the retreating Challenger and blows out the rear screen. Afterwards Kowalski shuts off his headlights and vanishes into the woods, using night vision goggles he bought from the guy with the scanner. The police helicopter has infrared detectors but Kowalski evades being seen by hiding the car under a large piece of tin. He wakes up from a nightmare about his wife at 7:19 a.m., finds a phone booth and calls the hospital, speaking to the same doctor as previously. Kowalski then drives down the road to where the movie began. Upon seeing the roadblock, he stops where we first see him in the beginning. A flashback reveals that his wife died at 7:19 a.m. after her kidneys failed. He then drives his car into the roadblock at full speed. An epilogue by ""The Voice"" reveals that although the authorities claim he died in the crash, the body was never found and that some witnesses claim he bailed out just before the crash and escaped authorities with the help of sympathetic onlookers. A scenario is given where his former Mexican friend finds his tags and shows he is now living in the wilderness with his newborn daughter."
12380.0	1.0	{{Expand section}} Lovelorn village boy and girl crosses all barriers of caste and tradition to unite.
9571.0	0.0	A young doctor, Robert Merivel , enters the service of King Charles II of England  after having saved the King's favorite spaniel. Merivel finds himself enjoying a life of pleasure and popularity at court, until the King informs him that he has arranged for Merivel to wed Celia , the King's favorite mistress. The purpose of the arranged marriage is to fool another of the King's mistresses. Merivel is given an estate named Bidnold in Suffolk, and Celia is installed in a house in Kew where the king can visit her secretly. Merivel lives a life of debauchery there, but also finds pleasure in restoring the house to its former beauty with the support of Will Gates , the man who runs the estate. However, things become complicated when Merivel breaks the King's cardinal rule by falling in love with Celia. Elias Finn , a painter commissioned by the King to paint a portrait of Celia, tricks Merivel into revealing his romantic feelings for Celia, who does not return Merivel's affections. After finding out about Merivel's romantic feelings toward Celia, the King banishes him from court back to his life as a physician. Merivel rejoins his old friend, John Pearce , who has opened a Quaker sanitarium. There, Merivel meets Katherine , a troubled young woman whose husband walked out on her after their daughter drowned in the river. Merivel and Katherine become lovers. Pearce falls fatally ill with consumption, and while Merivel is tending to his dying friend, Katherine makes a scene declaring to all who live and work at the facility that Merivel is her lover. They then discover that Katherine is pregnant with Merivel's child, and after the death of Pearce, Merivel and Katherine are both asked to leave. The pair return to London just as the Great Plague has hit. Katherine gives birth to a daughter, Margaret, via Caesarean section, but Katherine dies in the process as there is no way to ward off infection once the body has been cut open. In her dying moments, Merivel promises Katherine that he will care for Margaret, and that he loves Katherine. As the plague continues to kill the people of London, Merivel feels compelled to do what he can as a physician. He leaves Margaret with a midwife who promises to care for her in his absence, then he goes out into the city, separating the sick from the well, who have all been quarantined together, and does what he can to ease the suffering of the dying. When someone asks for Merivel's name, he says he is John Pearce as a tribute to his friend. Under this misnomer and in disguise, Merivel is once again summoned to the palace. The King fears that Celia has contracted the plague, but Merivel soon assures him that she does not have the plague, but rather has a treatable fever and is with child. With this, Merivel realizes the life he has now is more rewarding and fulfilling than the life and loves at the court he left behind. Suddenly, the court is notified that the city is ablaze, and Merivel races back to the city to retrieve his infant daughter from the flames. He is unable to find her, and falling through burning wood, Merivel lands in a small row boat, unconscious, and is floated by the river current away from the city. When he awakens, he is being cared for by Will Gates back at Bidnold, the estate the King had given to him at his marriage of Celia, and was then taken away. As Merivel recovers from his fall, he cannot recover from his failure to protect his young daughter from harm, when suddenly the King arrives at the house with his entourage. He informs Merivel that he has discovered the doctor's true identity, and that he was impressed with the man Merivel had become. With that, the King steps aside to reveal a nurse holding Margaret, Merivel's daughter, safely in her arms. For his courage and good work done in treating the victims of the plague, the King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel, stating that this time it will never be taken away. The film ends with Merivel returning to London, to set up a new hospital with help from the King.
34837.0	1.0	"After burying his mother, Rafael Infante  comes from Santiago, Cuba to Houston, Texas to work for a man named John Burnett  as a handyman in Burnett's dance studio. It soon becomes clear to the audience that Burnett is the father Rafael had never known. While there he finds himself falling for a dancer and instructor Ruby Sinclair , who incidentally brought him to the studio. It turns out that the dancers in the studio are preparing for a dance competition in Las Vegas and that Ruby would be taking part as well. Rafael gets close to Ruby and their attraction to each other grows, but she is not willing to commit herself to a relationship as she seems more interested in her dancing. Meanwhile, Rafael's arrival and persona wins him the friendship of an older dancer Bea Johnson  as well as the studio receptionist Lovejoy , but it also causes some discomfort to Burnett, who suddenly begins to withdraw into himself and takes less interest in the preparations for the competition, much to the chagrin of his own partner Patricia Black . While visiting Burnett at his home, Rafael notices and offers to repair his old and broken-down truck. He and Ruby go downtown to get the parts needed to repair the truck and are invited to an engagement party by a Cuban man whose daughter was getting engaged. While there, both of them discover more about each other as he tells her that his mother had died but that he never knew his father. Later, Rafael invites Ruby to a dance party at a club in the city and they agree to go on the following Saturday night. Before leaving, Rafael helps Patricia get a dance lift move she had been practicing, explaining that his mother made him take a little ballet. The following Saturday, he and Ruby go to the party in which they perform, along with other dancers, the Latin Salsa dancing to a song by Albita Rodriguez. After the party he takes Ruby home where he discovers that she has a 7-year-old son, Peter, who is ""looked after"" by Bea in Ruby's absence and who happens to be fathered by Ruby's former dance partner, Julian Marshall . While there he comes up to Ruby and they share a passionate kiss, but she eventually breaks it up. Later on Rafael comes to Burnett's home to show him the refurbished truck, to the latter's delight. while there, Patricia comes to the house and has a discussion with John asking him to explain why he suddenly lost interest in their choreography preparations. John then tells her that she can dance with Rafael if she wants and both she and Rafael start their practice to the amazement of the other dancers at the studio. After the rehearsal, Rafael overhears John telling Lovejoy that Ruby would be in Las Vegas without them and also asking her to switch his name with Rafael's when Patricia's dance comes up. Sensing that she wants to reunite with Julian, Rafael goes to see Ruby who explains that she wanted Peter to see his father often and that she did not want to be in love. While at a fishing trip with Burnett, Rafael is shocked when Burnett tells him to go back to Cuba after the competition and that he did not have a son. Devastated by the double rejection, he decides to return to Cuba after his dance with Patricia. At Las Vegas, Rafael meets Ruby and tells her that he was returning to Cuba after the competition. Burnett, who did not go, reflects on his cruel rejection of Rafael and decides to come to the dance to apologize to Rafael and persuade him not to go back to Cuba. Rafael dances with Patricia and while watching them, Ruby realized that she was in love with Rafael and felt a stab of jealousy seeing them together. Just as Rafael and Patricia leave the stage, Bea comes in with ""I wanna do that too"" and she and Rafael perform a very humorous dance to the amusement and delight of the crowd. After the dance Burnett meets and apologizes to Rafael, eventually convinces him to stay back and also commending his dancing. The main dances begin and Ruby and her partner Julian are involved. Despite the slight tension between them, they win the competition, although Ruby almost all the time seems to keep her eyes on Rafael, who is in the audience and who is watching her. However he leaves and when Ruby looked around without seeing him, she breaks down in tears. Later at a dance party for all the contestants, Ruby is met by a man who wishes to promote her. However, to her relief, Rafael appears again and leads her to the dance floor for a final dance scene that has the rest of the dancers watching with admiration. The movie ends at the studio with the entire studio members and some new dancers dancing to the theme song ""You Are My Home"" by Chayanne and Williams themselves."
24849.0	1.0	Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night, becomes smitten with Mark , a go-go dancer, in a gay bar with whom he makes eye contact. The two meet again in the subway that very night, and go back to Gabriel's place to have sex. They're thwarted in the attempt, however, first by Gabriel's aspiring actress friend Katherine , who is obsessed with her role in an adaptation of Salomé set in a women's prison, and then by Gabriel's roommate Rich , who returns home with his girlfriend Judy , with similar  plans for the apartment. Gabriel and Rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night, and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss. When Gabriel loses the coin toss and he and Mark have to leave, Gabriel seeks out his friend Perry  to request the use of Perry's place. Unfortunately, as Perry escorts Gabriel and Mark there, they run into Perry's ex-boyfriend . Perry and his ex tearfully reconcile and they go back to Perry's, frustrating Gabriel and Mark yet again. The two then decide to hit a gay club for some dancing. There, a malicious drag queen  corners Gabriel in the restroom. She badmouths Mark to Gabriel, telling him of the time they tricked{{spaced ndash}}which sounds very much like how Gabriel and Mark met{{spaced ndash}}and how Mark left abruptly after climaxing, leaving her with a fake phone number to boot. Crushed by this news, Gabriel decides to take off. Mark follows Gabriel back to Gabe and Rich's apartment to talk{{spaced ndash}}and also because he's left his house keys there. They go in to look for the keys and try to talk things out while Judy mediates topless. Mark asserts that while he did indeed trick once with Miss Coco, it was actually the latter who tried to take advantage of him by secretly videotaping their encounter without Mark's consent. Gabriel accepts this story but still doesn't trust Mark, so Mark angrily leaves. Judy then finds Mark's keys, and Gabriel chases after Mark with them down into the New York subway system. Just when it seems that Mark is gone forever, he reappears; he and Gabriel made a connection after all. Having reconciled, they decide to get something to eat but{{spaced ndash}}in yet another turn of events{{spaced ndash}}run into Katherine and some of her theatre friends at a diner, where Katherine proceeds to monopolize the conversation. Gabriel finally blows up at her, and Katherine, humiliated, melts down and leaves in a huff. Gabriel chases after her and apologizes; they smooth things over and Katherine and Company depart. As the new morning dawns, Mark gives Gabriel his phone number, they kiss, and Mark heads home. Gabriel calls the number on a nearby payphone, and is relieved to learn that it's Mark's actual number. While they never found a spot to trick, Mark and Gabriel instead formed a budding relationship beyond the simple one-night-stand they'd first been trying for.
7291.0	0.0	"An elderly woman describes to her granddaughter where snow comes from, by telling her the story of a young man named Edward , who has scissors for hands, the creation of an inventor . The inventor's final result was a humanlike young boy who had everything except for hands, but the inventor had a heart attack and died while in the act of giving a pair of real hands to Edward, leaving him ""unfinished"" forever. Many years after Edward was created, local Avon saleswoman Peg Boggs  visits the Gothic mansion on the hill where Edward lives. There, she finds Edward alone, and decides to take him to her home. Edward becomes friends with Peg's young son Kevin  and her husband Bill . He later falls in love with the Boggs' teenage daughter, Kim . Peg's neighbors are impressed by Edward's adept hedge-trimming and hair-cutting skills , but two of the townspeople, a religious fanatic named Esmeralda  and Kim's boyfriend, Jim , immediately dislike him. Joyce , a housewife in the neighborhood, suggests that Edward open a hair-cutting salon with her. While examining a proposed site, she attempts to seduce him in the back room, causing Edward to leave in a state of panic. Wanting money for a van, Jim takes advantage of Edward's ability to pick locks, and breaks into his parents' house. The burglar alarm sounds and everyone except Edward escapes, despite Kim's angry insistence that they return for him. Edward is arrested and released when a psychological examination reveals that his isolation allowed him to live without a sense of reality and common sense. Meanwhile, infuriated by Edward's rejection, Joyce exacts revenge by claiming that he tried to ""rape"" her. This, added to the ""break-in"", causes many of the neighbors to question his personality and ruin his popular reputation. During the Christmas season, Edward is feared by almost everyone around him except the Boggs family, resulting in him and the family becoming outcasts. While the family is setting up Christmas decorations, Edward creates an angel ice sculpture. The shavings create an effect of falling snow, which Kim dances under. Jim calls out to Kim, distracting her, and Edward accidentally cuts her hand. Jim says that Edward had intentionally harmed her and attacks him. Edward runs away, tearing the clothes Peg gave him, and wanders the neighborhood in a rage. Kim, fed up with Jim's behavior towards Edward, breaks up with him and he goes to his friend's van to get drunk. While Peg and Bill search for Edward, he returns and Kim greets him with a hug. When Kevin is almost run over by Jim's drunk friend, Edward pushes him out of the way, but cuts his face, causing witnesses to think he was attacking him. When the police arrive, Edward flees to his hilltop mansion and the worried and concerned neighbors follow. Kim runs to the mansion and reunites with Edward. Jim follows them and brutally attacks Edward, who does not retaliate until Jim slaps and pushes Kim. Edward stabs Jim in the stomach and pushes him away, causing him to fall out of a window to his death. Kim confesses her love for Edward and shares a kiss with him as they say goodbye. Returning downstairs, Kim lies to the townspeople saying that Edward and Jim killed each other in the fight. She tells them that the roof caved in on them and shows them a disembodied scissor-hand similar to Edward's. Shocked at this, the neighbors return to their homes. The elderly woman  finishes telling her granddaughter the story, saying that she never saw Edward again. She chose not to visit him because she wanted him to remember her the way she was in her youth. She also reveals that Edward is still alive, seemingly immortal since he is artificial and can never age, and he ""creates snow"" from his ice sculptures, which falls upon the neighborhood below. She tells her granddaughter that ""Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it."" While Edward creates more ice sculptures, a flashback of a young Kim is shown dancing under the snow falling from the angel ice sculpture above her."
26200.0	1.0	The Harikrishnans  are one of the most famous lawyer duos in India. To avoid confusion one is called as Hari  and the other as Krishnan . They are known to take lakhs for single sittings. They head the organization called Harikrishnan Associates, which consists of around 300 lawyers, all being their juniors. The Harikrishnans are known to take only the most important cases, while others are handled by their juniors. They get engaged in a murder case of Guptan, who was allegedly killed by Gabriel. Gabriel is a friend of Hari's sister and Harikrishnans become the defense lawyers upon her request. Harikrishnans begin investigation and come across Meera , a friend of Guptan. Both of them fall in love with her. After some trouble over the matter, they rediscover their friendship and get involved in the case again. They discover that Guptan actually died due to poisoning by his relatives who were doctors. At the end Mira decides to go for a random method of choosing her lover as she liked both Harikrishnans equally. Two different climaxes of the film show either of Harikrishnans winning the toss for being Mira's friend; the losing person presumably becoming Mira's lover.
1601.0	0.0	An angel wonders if love can be Heaven on Earth in this family-themed romantic fantasy. Rev. Henry Biggs  is the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in a poor section of New York City. Biggs is devoted to serving his flock and his community, but things are not easy; membership is down, money is tight, the furnace is broken, and real estate mogul Joe Hamilton  wants to buy the property and put up condominiums. The strain is taking its toll on Biggs' marriage to his childhood sweetheart Julia , and in a moment of desperation, he prays to the Lord for help. The prayer is answered in the form of Dudley , an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs. The preacher doesn't believe that Dudley is a divine being, but he'll take any help he can get, while Julia, who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer, welcomes him into their home. However, Dudley is sidetracked in his earthly mission when he finds himself falling in love with Julia.
37458.0	0.0	Nagase is a young man on a train, apparently deciding at random where to go. As he walks out of a train station, he bumps into a woman, Nami. He is immediately fascinated by her, and follows her to the estate agent's office where she works. At the office her boss and husband, Hideki, invites him inside. He rents an apartment and asks for a job. Although Nami tells her husband that she has a certain feeling about Nagase, he is given a job. Later, Nagase rapes Nami at a house that is on the estate agent's books. However, they soon move upstairs to the bedroom and make consensual love. The affair continues, with Nagase telling her it was love at first sight. At a hotel on a company trip, Hideki catches the couple together in the bath and finds out about their affair. He sacks Nagase. However, Nami later tracks him down and they spend a night together in a hotel where Nagase decides to murder Hideki. Hideki catches Nami and Nagase together again, but finds himself unable to divorce his wife, instead wanting to make a fresh start to their marriage. To achieve this, he books them a break in an expensive Tokyo hotel. However, Nagase comes to the hotel intent on carrying out his plan to kill Hideki. After hiding in the couple's bedroom when Hideki arrives unexpectedly early and watching the married couple make love, he attacks Hideki in the bathroom. After a protracted fight, Hideki is finally killed, and Nagase hits Nami so that the police will believe that the incident was a robbery gone wrong. The final scene shows Nagase asking Nami when he can see her again, Nami replying when everything has settled down. The final shot shows her pensively smoking a cigarette.
26748.0	0.0	"In the Victorian period, Jude Fawley  is a bright young lower-class man who dreams of a university education. Circumstances conspire against him, and he is forced into a job as a stonemason and an unhappy marriage to a country girl, Arabella . He remains true to his dream and, months later, after his wife's sudden departure, he heads for the city. He thinks education is available for any man who is willing to work hard. There he encounters his cousin, Sue Bridehead , who is beautiful and intelligent, and shares his disdain for convention. Whilst Jude is enraptured by Sue, she decides to marry Jude's former school teacher, Phillotson , after Jude tells her he is married to Arabella. Meanwhile, Jude is rejected for the university based primarily on his lower-class status. The marriage of Sue and Phillotson is not a success, as she refuses to give herself sexually or romantically to her husband. She leaves Phillotson to join Jude in what turns out to be a rough life, moving from place to place as Jude picks up occasional work as a stonemason. The two are in love and, over the course of years, Sue gives birth to several children. Agnostic and independent, she refuses to legalize their arrangement by marriage. Jude learns that Arabella bore a son, which she named Jude  soon after she left Jude. The boy comes to live with his father Jude, Sue and his half-siblings. Sue and Jude are forbidden a permanent rental lodging because their living arrangement without marriage is considered scandalous. Sue tells Juey that the family cannot stay long at their present lodging because there are too many of them. The next day Sue and Jude return to their lodging to find that Juey has killed his half-siblings and committed suicide, hanging himself. His suicide note says the reason: ""Becos we were to menny."" Each of the couple falls into a deep depression after the deaths of their children. Turning to the religion she previously rejected, Sue comes to believe that God has judged and punished the couple for not having married. She decides to return to Phillotson, although she finds him sexually repugnant, as he is her true husband in the eyes of God. A year after the death of their children, Jude and Sue happen to meet when separately visiting the tombstones of their children. They both look worse for wear. Jude demands that Sue tell him whether she still loves him, to which she replies, ""You've always known"". After a passionate kiss, she walks away from Jude to return to Phillotson. As Sue walks away, Jude shouts to her, ""We are man and wife, if ever two people were on this earth!"""
33243.0	0.0	The film opens with Carla Bennett  and Lou  waiting in front of a New York building where their boyfriends live. In conversing, they find out Blake Allen  is their duplicitous boyfriend. In the first minutes of the film Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor, dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days. The women wait for Blake inside his loft and confront him together. The remainder of the film takes place inside the loft, where Blake tries to talk his way out of trouble. In the end, both girls reveal that they have been unfaithful. Carla and Blake have sex, but Lou's suggestion of a threesome is rejected. His mother dies at the end of the film and Carla comforts him.
37639.0	1.0	Lam , the daughter of a shipping magnate, meets the warm-hearted Mr. Worm  on the street one day. Mr. Worm, a Mongol, runs a lost-and-found company and Lam enlists his help to trace a missing friend, Ted , a Scottish sailor and former colleague who mysteriously disappeared months ago. Lam and Ted formed an intimate friendship after working together and Lam finds herself thinking of him after his disappearance. By sheer luck Mr. Worm traces Ted's whereabouts. The latter is returning home to Scotland to run a motel for his recently deceased grandfather. While undergoing treatment for leukemia, Lam helps Mr. Worm solve near-impossible cases at his lost-and-found company. The two develop a close bond. As her condition deteriorates, Lam decides to pay a visit to St Kilda, Scotland to settle unfinished business with Ted. In Scotland, her relationship with Ted almost rekindles. But at the end of the day, she finds herself missing Mr Worm more than Ted.
3674.0	0.0	In a rural village in Thailand, Mak  is sent to fight in a war and leaves his pregnant wife, Nak . Mak is injured and barely survives. He returns home to his doting wife and child, or so he thinks. Mysterious events occur around the village.  A friend visits and sees Mak living together with Nak. The villagers, knowing that Nak died in childbirth several months previously, realize what is happening, that Mak is spellbound by Nak's ghost. People who attempt to tell Mak, or who know too much, are killed by the Nak's ghost, who becomes more aggressive due to her inability to accept her early death and her desperate desire to stay with her husband. Toward the end, Mak discovers what is happening, and shocked, flees to the local temple. The villagers attempt several solutions, including burning down the house and in the end summon a ghost exorciser to destroy her forehead . The country's most respected Buddhist monk  arrives in the final moments, takes charge and in a tearful farewell Nak repents, leaving her husband to live his life. Somdej Toh has the centre of her forehead cut out and made a girdle brooch. He wore it till his last day. The epilogue states that it later became in possession of His Royal Highness Prince Chumbhorn Ketudomsak. Then, handed down to many others, nondetected. Until now nobody knows where the item are.
17172.0	1.0	Mark Salzman always was interested in Kung-Fu and the Chinese culture, claims to have seen every Kung-Fu movie. 1982, with a degree in Chinese literature, he visits a province university in China for two years to teach Chinese teachers the English language. He learns the refinements of correct behavior among Chinese people, makes friends with his pupils, falls in love with the young doctor Ming, learns Uschu  from the famous teacher Pan... but also learns about political repression, especially when he's forbidden contact with some of his friends.
3625.0	1.0	The film is set in South Korea, 1962. Kang Soo-ha, a 21 year-old teacher from Seoul, takes his first job at a village school in Gangwon Province. One of his older students, 17 year-old Yun Hong-yeon, develops a crush on him, though her efforts to catch his attention seem to go unnoticed. Meanwhile, Soo-ha has fallen for Yang Eun-hee, another teacher at their school, and when Hong-yeon realises she does everything she can to discredit her older rival.
35897.0	0.0	"In Monte Athena, Italy, young lovers Lysander  and Hermia  escape into the forest to escape the strict instructions from Hermia's father that she must be betrothed to Demetrius , another young man who loves her. Demetrius follows them, having been made aware of the plan by Helena , a young woman who is desperately in love with him. Once in the forest, they wander into the fairy world, ruled by King Oberon  and Queen Titania , two sparring local deities. Oberon and his servant sprite Puck  cause mayhem among the lovers with a magic potion that causes both Lysander and Demetrius to fall in love with Helena, leading to a rift between all four that culminates  in a mud-wrestling scene. Meanwhile, Oberon bewitches Titania with the same potion, causing her to fall in love with a local weaver and amateur actor, Nick Bottom , whom Puck has furnished with the head of an ass. Titania woos Bottom in her bower, attended by fairies. Oberon tires of the sport and puts all to rights, pairing Lysander back with Hermia and Demetrius with Helena, and reconciling with his own queen, Titania. In the final part, Bottom and his troupe of ""rude Mechanicals"" perform their amateur play, based on the tragedy of Pyramus and Thisbe, before Duke Theseus , his wife Hippolyta , and the court, unintentionally producing a comedy."
29023.0	1.0	Set in Los Angeles, California the plot revolves around Emily Tyler , who enjoys surfing, and her twin sister Tess , a member of a high diving team, who try various stratagems to get their widower father Max, a talented artist and sculptor, a girlfriend. After all their attempts end in failure, Tess and Emily &ndash; with a little help from their friend, Cody  &ndash; decide to paint an advertisement on a giant billboard situated high above Sunset Boulevard. A lady named Debbie answers the ad, and she brings her friend Brooke as a back up. Brooke and Max coincidentally meet and take a liking to each other and Debbie agrees they should start dating. At first, Tess and Emily don't like Brooke's son Ryan, but when he helps foil an elaborate scheme by Max's business manager Nigel to break up the romantic relationship between Max and Brooke , the girls eventually accept him. Some {{Weasel-inline}}
13268.0	0.0	Newland Archer  is an affluent lawyer in 1870s New York, engaged to May Welland , a beautiful but conventional socialite. Newland begins to question the life he has planned for himself after the arrival of May’s cousin, the exotic and sophisticated Countess Ellen Olenska . Ellen is a passionate lover who is seeking a divorce from her abusive husband, a Polish count, which has made her a social outcast and greatly displeases her family, who are afraid of scandal. As Newland grows to love and care more and more deeply for Ellen, having convinced her not to press for a divorce, he becomes increasingly disillusioned with the society to which he belongs and the idea of entering into a passionless marriage with May. The question at this point, is whether he will follow society's dictates, or those of his heart.
9572.0	0.0	"Thomas Smithers , who has made his fortune in metalwork, hires Meneer Chrome , a famous garden designer, to create the most extravagant garden imaginable out of his wild property. However, Chrome has already been employed by Fitzmaurice , the cousin of Smithers' wife Juliana , for the purpose of bankrupting Smithers. Fitzmaurice's purpose in this is to take back Juliana as his lover, but she becomes attracted to Chrome, who is falling in love with Anna, the Smithers' mysterious daughter. Anna, however, is contemptuous of Chrome ; her parents subject her to numerous ""treatments,"" thinking her mentally unstable and wishing to cure her. These treatments cause Chrome to pity her, outbursting to the doctor at one point, ""You're sick, she's not! Heal yourself!"" As the garden grows increasingly more complex and Smithers approaches bankruptcy, Fitzmaurice realizes that Chrome's affection for Anna is making him a liability; first he threatens to reveal Chrome's true identity to Smithers, then he plots to kill him by poisoning. Fitzmaurice's plan backfires, however, and he falls victim to his own poison. Juliana abandons her adulterous intentions, which her husband remains unaware of, and turns to support Smithers, who is bankrupt from his garden project obsession. Chrome, revealed to be the real Chrome's assistant, goes to the sea with Anna, where she throws away her book of poetry."
7541.0	1.0	Aadmi is the story of an honest man  his fight against corruption, but he is trapped and Jailed for a crime , which he never committed. He comes out of Jail, to destroy his enemies.
11345.0	0.0	In October 1992, an elite group of North Korean soldiers are put through a brutal training regime. Under the auspices of their commander, Park Mu-young , they will be sent into South Korea as sleeper agents, to be reactivated at some later date. The most promising of the group is Lee Bang-hee, a female sniper who systematically kills several key South Korean government figures over the next six years. Over six years later, in September 1998, South Korea is searching for Bang-hee. The agent in charge of her case, Yu Jong-won  has nightmares about her murdering both him and his partner, Lee Jang-gil . Yu is also engaged to a young woman, Yi Myung-hyun , a former alcoholic and the owner of a fish and aquarium supply store. They are happy together, but Yu is worried that he cannot tell Myung-hyun about the real nature of his job due to his security clearance. Yu and Lee are contacted by an arms dealer who claims to have information about their quarry, but he is shot dead by Bang-hee before he can give them any information. After digging a bit deeper, they determine that he had been contacted by the assassin at some point, in the effort to acquire something. That something turns out to be CTX, a binary liquid explosive developed by the South Korean government. In its ground state, CTX is indistinguishable from water, but when placed under the right temperature conditions for long enough, a single liter of it can explode with enough force to level a fifteen-story building. The agents begin to suspect its intended use by the assassins, when Kim, a scientist working at a lab connected to CTX, is assassinated by Bang-hee. Park and his agents ambush a military convoy with several liters of CTX, killing all the soldiers and making off with the dangerous liquid before the agents could arrive in time to warn them. Later, Park calls Yu and issues an ultimatum: he has concealed several CTX bombs around Seoul, and will give him just enough time to find each one before setting them off. It is revealed that Park and Yu have a history: Park once hijacked a civilian airliner and killed many civilians, but managed to escape by disguising himself as a wounded member of the flight crew. The first of the CTX bombs is found on top of a department store, but Park lied about the time factor. The bomb explodes just as the bomb disposal team discover its exact location, resulting in dozens of deaths. Yu is devastated, as is Myung-hyun, who has begun drinking again. Yu realizes that there may be a security leak, and suspects Lee - who, ironically enough, suspects the same thing and bugged Yu's car and phone to see if he could learn anything. They set a trap - into which Park and Bang-hee step - but the situation quickly escalates into a firefight resulting in police and civilian casualties. Several of the agents are killed. Others, including Park, escape. Myung-hyun sustains an injury, which she tries to hide from Yu. Yu sees her dressing her wounds without her knowledge, and struggles to take in the true identity of his girlfriend was in fact Bang-hee. Mu-young  who forced her for never seeing Yu again Myung-hyun's identity is confirmed later when electronic surveillance devices are discovered in fish decorating Yu's office. Yu himself had suggested bringing in the fish, and his girlfriend had supplied them. Lee confronts her in her shop, and is shot by Park. Yu suddenly appears with officers, who engage in a firefight with Park and his agents. Park and Myung-hyun escape, while a dying Lee hands a soccer match ticket to Yu. The terrorists aim to detonate a CTX bomb directly over the Royal Box at a soccer stadium in the midst of an international friendly match played by a North and South Korean team. The agents were misled into believing the next CTX target was at the airport, while Yu realizes the ticket held by his dead partner means the bomb is actually at the stadium. He defies orders and rushes to the stadium, where Park, Bang-hee, and other terrorists mingle with the crowd. They find a total ban on all liquids, but enter easily as the CTX and weapons were already planted in the stadium beforehand. Bang-hee retrieves a hidden Steyr AUG from a restroom cubicle, while Park and his agents tail several patrolling South Korean SWAT officers who later adjourn to the restrooms. There, the policemen are killed and their bodies quickly dragged away. Myung-hyun advances into the grandstand with her rifle, while Park and three other men, now disguised as South Korean SWAT officers in uniforms stolen from the dead policemen, enter the stadium control room, killing everyone there and forcing the remaining staff to switch on the stadium lights to trigger the CTX. Yu arrives at the stadium, and is tipped off about the lights. A violent confrontation in the control room results in the death of all four terrorists, and the lights are switched off in the nick of time. Myung-hyun notices this, and fires at the VIPs, but misses her target. Chasing after the entourage, she kills several more SWAT officers along the way before being confronted by a large group of officers led by Yu. As she makes a last-ditch attempt to complete her mission, she is shot dead by Yu. Yu later learns that Bang-hee was pregnant with his child, and had left detailed instructions on how to catch her on his answering machine before leaving for the stadium. Yu then visits the real Myung-hyun, who is at a hospital for chemo therapy, and Myung-hyun explains to Yu how Bang-hee became a sister figure to Myung-hyun and how she loved to hear a particular song. Myung-hyun lets Yu listen to that song, and while listening to it Yu is captivated by the lyrics. The scene then fades, while Yu, still listening to the song, shuts his eyes.
23763.0	1.0	Claudia Larson is a single mom who has just been fired from her job as an art restorer due to budget cuts. She flies to spend Thanksgiving at the home of her parents, Adele and Henry Larson, while her only child Kitt decides to stay home and spend the holiday with her boyfriend. Kitt informs Claudia that she intends to have sex with her boyfriend. The family gathering also includes Claudia's resentful, conservative sister, Joanne Larson Wedman, her stuffy banker husband Walter and their two spoiled children. Also there is Claudia's gay brother Tommy and his new friend Leo Fish, along with their eccentric aunt Glady. Tommy has been in a long term relationship with another man, Jack, so Claudia can't understand what he is doing here with a new guy by his side. But it turns out Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia. Tommy, it turns out, married Jack. After a hectic, argument-filled Thanksgiving, when Claudia boards a plane home, Leo goes with her.
36908.0	0.0	In this Depression-era drama, Carradine plays Turner, a World War I vet who is haunted not only by memories of the war but by the civil and economic unrest of the time. He stumbles upon a beautiful backwoods mountainside where he falls hopelessly in love with Flo , the daughter of tyrannical landowner Clayton Samuels . Clayton does not approve of his daughter's relationship and will stop at nothing to end it.
7049.0	1.0	"Thomas ""Tom"" Rosner  is a successful lawyer and happens to be a good catch. However, his unmarried state is the greatest sorrow of his mother, Helen , who is a cancer patient. As Helen visits the hospital for a check-up, she encounters her doctor's new nurse, Jane Cronin , a single woman who is hesitant to meet someone new after getting out of a five-year relationship. She is taken by Jane's beauty, compassion, intelligence and sense of humor, and immediately decides that she is the one for her son. Helen plays matchmaker between the two of them, much to the chagrin of her longtime caretaker, Katie Beale . Tom and Jane decide to humor Helen by going out on a date, but Tom is wrong in assuming that Jane likes him. In turn, Jane tells Helen that her date was ""the worst social experience since the dawn of man."" Undeterred, Helen manages to convince Jane to go out with Tom again. The second date goes successfully, but this time, Tom is afraid to commit because he feels he isn't the kind of man Jane's looking for. Helen succeeds in making her son see Jane again by employing jealousy, but just as things are going well between the couple, she learns that her cancer is back. This fuels her determination to finally get Tom to settle down with Jane, which frustrates Katie into telling her that she is meddling so much with her son's life that she is not allowing him to move on and live it on his own. Meanwhile, a torn-apart Tom goes back to his old ways and meets a girl at a bar who he reluctantly takes home with him. Jane encounters the girl and flees Tom immediately. Tom becomes withdrawn and depressed, not only because of Jane, but also because of his mother's illness. Meanwhile, as Helen's condition worsens, she begins to realize that she is not going to be around forever to look after her son."
9955.0	1.0	Kashinath  and Imli  are childhood sweethearts and everyone expects them to marry. Then comes rich, wealthy, and sickly Anjali Chopra  into Kashinath's life, and then everything changes. Anjali gives up on her sickiliness and becomes bold, thanks to Kashinath's care. Anjali falls in love with Kashinath, and boldly tells her dad, Manmohan Chopra , that she will only marry Kashinath. But her dad wants her to wed Ajit . Imli reveals her secret that she has heart disease, and if not treated, she will die. Kashinath, unaware of Anlali's affections must find the money to save his true love. What sacrifices will he have to make in order to achieve this?
13027.0	1.0	The film revolves around Unni, a cab driver, who tries to find a girl for John Fernandez, an American citizen who wishes to spend his holidays in Ootty. What he demands is just money which he needs to pay his family's debt. But he ends up falling in love with the young girl he finds.
33675.0	0.0	" As he waits at a bus stop, Forrest Gump  starts recounting his life story to nearby strangers. His story starts with the leg braces he had to wear as a child, which resulted in him being bullied by children. He lives with his mother , who tells him that ""stupid is as stupid does"". Forrest teaches one of their guests, a young Elvis Presley, a hip-swinging dance. At school, Forrest meets Jenny , with whom he immediately falls in love, and they become best friends. Forrest discovers that he can run very fast which, despite his below-average intelligence, earns him a scholarship to the University of Alabama from Bear Bryant. While in college, he witnesses George Wallace's Stand in the Schoolhouse Door, is named an All-American football player, and meets President John F. Kennedy. After graduating, Forrest enlists in the United States Army, where he becomes friends with Benjamin Buford ""Bubba"" Blue , and they agree to go into the shrimping business together. They are sent to Vietnam, and when their platoon is ambushed, Forrest saves many of the men in his platoon, including platoon leader 2nd Lt. Dan Taylor , but Bubba is killed. Forrest himself is injured and receives the Medal of Honor from President Lyndon B. Johnson. While recovering from his injuries Forrest meets Dan Taylor again. Now an amputee, he is furious at Forrest for leaving him a ""cripple"" and cheating him out of his destiny to die in battle like his ancestors. In Washington, Forrest is swept up in an anti-war rally at the National Mall and is reunited with Jenny, who is now part of the hippie counterculture movement. They spend the night walking around the capital, but she leaves with her abusive boyfriend the following day. Forrest discovers an aptitude for ping pong and begins playing for the U.S. Army team, eventually competing against Chinese teams on a goodwill tour. He goes to the White House again and meets President Richard Nixon who provides him a room at the Watergate hotel, where Forrest inadvertently helps expose the Watergate scandal. For his numerous accomplishments, Forrest is invited onto The Dick Cavett Show.  He again encounters Dan Taylor, now an embittered drunk living on welfare. Dan is scornful of Forrest's plans to enter the shrimping business and mockingly promises to be Forrest's first mate if he ever succeeds. Using money from a ping pong endorsement, Forrest buys a shrimping boat, fulfilling his wartime promise to Bubba. Dan keeps his own promise and joins Forrest as first mate. They initially have little luck; but, after Hurricane Carmen destroys every other shrimping boat in the region, the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company becomes a huge success. Having had an epiphany during the hurricane, Dan finally thanks Forrest for saving his life. Forrest then returns home to care for his ailing mother, who dies soon afterwards. Forrest leaves the company in the hands of Dan, who invests their wealth in shares of Apple, making them both millionaires. Jenny returns to visit Forrest and stays with him. Forrest asks her to marry him, but she declines and slips away early one morning. Distraught, Forrest decides to go for a run, which turns into a three-year coast-to-coast marathon. Forrest becomes a celebrity and attracts followers. One day he stops suddenly and returns home. He receives a letter from Jenny asking to meet, which brings him to the bus stop where he began telling his story. Once he and Jenny are reunited, Forrest discovers they have a young son, also named Forrest . Jenny reveals that she is suffering from an unknown virus. She proposes to him and he accepts. They return to Alabama with Forrest Jr. and marry, but Jenny dies soon after. Forrest waits with Forrest Jr. for the bus to pick him up for his first day of school. As the bus drives away, Forrest sits on the same tree stump where his mother sat on his first day of school and watches his feather bookmark float off in the wind."
25068.0	0.0	24 years earlier, in 1913, single spinster Miss Bentley  enjoyed spending her summer holiday in Lake Como, Italy with her father before World War I started in 1914. The year is now 1937, and her father has recently died. To clear the air after the loss of her father, she's decided to return to Lake Como on her own to spend a month's summer holiday. She soon meets an upstanding bachelor named Major Wilshaw (played by [[Edward Fox , and sets her interest in him. But soon afterwards, a young American girl named Miss Beaumont  arrives, and starts flirting with the Major.
8595.0	1.0	"Amy Benic  takes a break from working as an architect at a spa in Pinecrest, a small town outside New York City. Virgil Adamson  is a masseur at the spa and gives Amy a massage. Amy breaks down and cries, later falling asleep as Virgil leaves the room. When she wakes up, she runs after him to compliment the massage, only to realize that Virgil is blind. Virgil asks her out, and the two eventually fall in love and begin a relationship. Virgil lives alone, though his over-protective sister, Jennie , who lives next door, takes care of him. During an intimate session with Amy, Virgil reveals that he went blind when he was three and that the last thing he saw was something fluffy. Amy describes the horizon to Virgil as something that you ""can see but can never reach."" While researching Virgil's condition, Amy learns of Doctor Charles Aaron, a specialist in eye treatment who suggests to Virgil that, with surgery, he could restore his sight. Virgil refuses. To understand Virgil's reaction, Amy seeks out Jennie, who reveals that their father left the family years ago after putting Virgil through several kinds of treatment in an unsuccessful attempt to restore his sight. After waking up with Amy one morning, Virgil decides he will give the operation a try. It is a success, but after Virgil regains sight for the first time, he becomes confused and disoriented, unable to perceive light and distance. Dr. Aaron suggests that he should visit Phil Webster , a visual physiotherapist. Webster in turn suggests that Virgil needs to learn everything from scratch himself, through experience. Virgil and Amy begin living in New York City, with Virgil finding his feet with his new-found sight. The pair begin drifting apart, as Virgil finds it hard to decipher the look on Amy's face at times. Amy finds herself constantly having to explain basic things to Virgil. While at a party, Virgil sees Amy kiss her ex-husband for his birthday. While trying to leave the party, Virgil walks into a glass pane due to his poor perception. Virgil's father sees him on television and arranges a reunion; Virgil goes to his father's workplace, but decides at the last minute that he cannot face him yet. On one of the regular consultation visits with Webster, he brings Virgil to a strip club. They engage in a deep conversation, where Webster notes that instead of just ""seeing,"" Virgil should instead ""look;"" there are a lot of things that sight alone cannot solve. Virgil confesses that he and Amy are drifting apart, but insists that Amy is the most important thing in his life. Upon returning from a work trip to Atlanta, where she and her ex-husband shared a sensual moment, Amy decides to save the relationship. She finds Virgil in a park looking for ""the horizon"" in the city. Virgil's sight begins deteriorating. He begins experiencing vision blackouts. After consulting with Dr. Aaron, Virgil realizes that he is losing his sight. He decides to look for his father. Virgil reveals to him that he is going blind again, and asks him why he left. His father tells him that he felt he was a failure when he did not find a way to help his son regain sight. Virgil states that he should not have left because his mother and sister suffered greatly after his father walked away. Virgil looks for Amy, who tells him about her plans to travel with him to places like Egypt and Europe. Withholding the fact that he is again going blind, Virgil tells her there is one thing he really wants to see, and brings her to a New York Rangers game. At the game, Virgil realizes that the ""fluffy cloud"" he last remembers seeing was cotton candy. As he buys some, he suffers a lengthened vision blackout and admits to Amy that he is going blind, which Amy refuses to accept. Back home, Virgil and Amy argue. He asks if she wants to spend her life with him if he is going to be blind forever. Amy hesitates, and Virgil decides to return home. Virgil is welcomed by Jennie and eases back into his old way of life. While losing his sight, Virgil spends his remaining time with sight to look at as many things as possible, going through magazines and pictorial books in the library. He stays up to watch the sunset, seeing the horizon for the first and last time. After he has been blind again for some time, Virgil is at a park with a guide dog. He takes a seat, finishes a sandwich, and tosses the wrapping into a bin. Amy has found him and says, ""You missed."" Virgil takes a moment then realizes it is Amy. She sits down and they reconnect; then she reveals that she finished a significant sculpture that he broke during their argument. Amy apologizes to Virgil for trying to change him and for moving too fast, which led to their problems together. Virgil puts his hands on Amy's face and touches her tenderly. She asks if he wants to take a walk and ""see what they see."" They leave the park together."
9664.0	1.0	{{Expand section}} A newly married couple decides to improve their social life by throwing three great parties and inviting tons of people at their Brooklyn apartment. The film follows this pursuit over the course of a year.
4279.0	1.0	Set in Coburn University, the movie centers around Felix's  relationship with Suzanne , who has been designated as Matt  and Grogan's ([[Kevin Heffernan  defense in a trial after being caught breaking into the campus cafeteria. Zach  tags along while Freaky Reaky  steals the show. The film was shot at Colgate University
17411.0	0.0	Alex is an aspiring actress, working as a waiter to make ends meet while she prepares to audition for a TV soap opera. To earn some extra money, she agrees to house-sit the home of friends for the weekend. The friends feel obligated to let Alex know that a robbery and murder has recently taken place at the house next door. Although she pretends to be unconcerned, Alex is understandably on edge when a stranger, Mickey, turns up at the house. He is a thief who holds her captive, but has a way about him that attracts Alex as well.
11727.0	1.0	The film tells of Sally a filmmaker and screenwriter who is suffering from writer's block. She is also dissatisfied with her film project, a murder mystery called Rage, which focuses on the fashion industry. She takes a break and travels to Paris, where she sees the dancer Pablo  performing tango. She becomes obsessed with the dance and offers Pablo a part in her film in exchange for dance lessons. The two become deeply involved as dancers and as lovers, and their emotional intimacy threatens the success of their dancing together. The film explores the conflict between the woman dancer accepting the man's lead in the dance, while the man must accept the woman's lead in the film. It is also a love story, as well as a showcase for Verón's dancing.
2421.0	0.0	Two boys are born on the same day. One is Rahul Mehta , born with a silver spoon in his mouth to a rich family in England; another is Sameer , born in a middle-class Brahmin family somewhere in Mumbai. Both grow up until they are destined to exchange places on their 22nd birthday. Rahul Mehta's parents died when he was young, and he lives with his grandfather Shambunath Mehta . He wants to visit India to see his parents' graves though his grandfather doesen't want him to go. He is afraid Rahul may fall in love and ruin himself like his parents did. With much persuasion, he comes to India and manages to escape his guardians, Ram Singh  and detective Mirchandani , at the airport and catches a taxi. The driver of the taxi is none other than Sameer who, not knowing Rahul's true identity, keeps cursing the rich guy for being born on the same day him and enjoying the wealthy life. Later, Rahul discloses his identity and Sameer feels ashamed, but both become good friends. Rahul does not want to go back to his wealth-ridden world, so he asks Sameer to take his place and let him take Sameer's place. So Rahul becomes the taxi driver and informs Ram Singh that someone will be coming to them in his place. Sameer reaches the hotel, and Ram Singh has a tough time grooming Sameer to behave like a rich guy. Rahul goes to Sameer's place where he finds Sameer's sister Paro  and falls in love with her. Sameer, while attending a meeting with one V.P. Mathur , who is the caretaker of Mehta Industries in India, meets Mathur's daughter Pooja  and falls in love with her. Mehta industries is in shambles because of corrupt managers. The union leader Dattabhau  explains this to Sameer . Sameer takes care of this and reopens the company, declaring equal profit sharing among labourers. At the Shastri's place, Paro's father P.V. Shastri  comes to know of Rahul and Paro's love affair and is enraged since Rahul is a Christian. Balu comes into the picture and pacifies the situation. Rahul decides to turn into a Brahmin so that he can marry Paro. Rahul's grandfather in England learns what is happening with Rahul and comes to India to control the situation. However, since the control of Mehta Industries has gone out of the Mathurs' hands, they decide to kill Rahul and Shambhunath. Rahul and Sameer fight to save Shambhuath from the gangster hired by the Mathurs to kill him.
37836.0	0.0	John Baker Jr.  is a boy bored with his life at an upper middle class boarding school, and the prospect of his future running the family grocery store chain. He no longer sees the point in school, stating what's the difference if he gets a zero attendance for being three minutes late or skipping the whole class so he might as well skip the class. Now close to graduating from boarding school, his life is turned upside down when he rescues Patty Vare , a young woman he finds lying unconscious in a field. Patty regains consciousness that evening in John's dormitory. She stays awake long enough to tell him she will not go to a doctor, and then passes out and does not awaken until the next morning. Seemingly recovered completely and grateful for John's assistance, the two begin a romantic voyage of self-discovery. This is not without its problems, as other boys in the dorm quickly find out she is being hidden in his room, leading up to a dramatic confrontation with Baker's close friends where his 'best friend' becomes enraged and punches a wall, breaking his hand, while the two continue to argue over the reason as to why Baker has hidden her in his room. Throughout the film, there are continuous flashbacks of Vare's past, showing her with a famous baseball player with whom she steals a car, leading up to a drunken car crash and his death . By the end, Vare has admitted all this to Baker and informed the authorities of the location of the body and the car . At the police station both Baker and Vare begin to say goodbye when they unexpectedly jump into an elevator to escape from Baker's controlling father ([[Chris Cooper , and drive off with a car he had earlier stolen from the school.
15285.0	0.0	The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents. Ten years pass, and Wind and Cloud are now both fully grown and highly skilled martial artists. Lord Conqueror raised them as his own children. He is angered by the disappearance of Mud Buddha and sends his men to find him. After Mud Buddha is found, he reveals that Wind and Cloud will either join or destroy Conqueror. Seeing that Wind and Cloud can lead to misfortune, Conqueror uses his daughter, Charity, to cause Wind and Cloud to fight each other. There was a love triangle involving Wind, Cloud, and Charity. Conqueror arranges a marriage with Wind and Charity. Cloud finds out and is unhappy about it. On the day of the wedding, he takes her away and Conqueror tells Wind to fight for his wife. Wind and Cloud engage in a battle and Lord Conqueror tries to kill Cloud in their duel, but killed his own daughter. This was because she tried to protect Cloud. Cloud and Wind's relationship with Lord Conqueror sours, after Cloud loses an arm to Conqueror in combat and Wind is poisoned by Conqueror's minions. Wind finds out the truth about who killed his parents and fights a fire beast which killed his father. Fortunately, Cloud is found by helpful villagers, one of whom donates his arm to replace Cloud's loss. Wind and Cloud then work together to destroy Lord Conqueror. Together, they defeat the evil warlord, finally exacting their revenge and fulfilling Mud Buddha's prophecy.
11511.0	0.0	" In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team explore the wreck of RMS Titanic, searching for a valuable diamond necklace called the Heart of the Ocean. They recover Caledon ""Cal"" Hockley's safe, believing the necklace to be inside, but instead find a sketch of a nude woman wearing it, dated April 14, 1912, the night the Titanic sank. Hearing about the drawing, an elderly woman named Rose Dawson Calvert calls Lovett and claims that she is the woman depicted in the drawing. She and her granddaughter, Lizzy Calvert, visit him and his team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knows the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose recalls her time aboard the Titanic, revealing that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater, a passenger believed to have died in the sinking. She then begins her story as follows: In 1912, 17-year-old first class passenger Rose boards ""Titanic"" in Southampton with her fiancé Cal and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Ruth stresses the importance of Rose's engagement, as the marriage would solve the DeWitt Bukaters' secret financial problems. Distraught by her engagement, Rose considers suicide by jumping off the ship's stern; a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson stops her. Discovered with Jack on the stern, Rose tells Cal that she was looking over the ship's edge in curiosity and that Jack saved her from falling. Pressed, Jack confirms her account. Cal is at first aloof to Jack, but when Rose indicates that recognition is due, he offers him a small amount of money. After Rose mocks Cal for this, asking if her life means so little, he invites Jack to a first-class dinner the following night. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, even though Cal and Ruth are wary of the young third-class man. Following the dinner that night, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in the ship's third-class quarter. Because Cal and Ruth forbid her to see Jack, Rose attempts to rebuff Jack's continuing advances. She soon realizes, though, that she prefers him over Cal, and meets him at the bow of the ship during what turns out to be the Titanic{{'s}} final moments of daylight. They then go to Rose's stateroom, where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean, Cal's engagement present to her. Afterward, the two evade Cal's bodyguard and make love inside a car in the ship's cargo hold. Going afterwards to the ship's forward well deck, they witness the ship's collision with an iceberg and overhear the ship's officers and designer outline its seriousness. Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Cal discovers Jack's drawing and a mocking note from Rose in his safe along with the necklace. Furious, he has his bodyguard slip the necklace into Jack's coat pocket. Accused of stealing it, Jack is arrested, taken down to the Master-at-arms's office and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his coat. Rose runs away from Cal and her mother  and releases Jack. The ship then starts to launch flares in order to attract any nearby ships. Once Jack and Rose reach the deck, Cal and Jack persuade her to board another lifeboat, Cal claiming that he has arranged for himself and Jack to get off safely. After she boards, Cal tells Jack that the arrangement is only for himself. As Rose's boat lowers, she realizes that she cannot leave Jack, and jumps back on board the Titanic to reunite with him. Infuriated, Cal takes a pistol and chases them into the flooding first-class dining saloon. After exhausting his ammunition, Cal realizes to his chagrin that he gave his coat with the diamond to Rose. With the situation now dire, he returns to the boat deck and boards a lifeboat by pretending to look after a lost child. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. All lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. The ship breaks in half, and the stern side rises 90-degrees into the air. As it sinks, Jack and Rose ride the stern into the ocean. Jack helps Rose onto a wall panel only able to support one person's weight. Holding the panel's edge, he assures her she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. Meanwhile, Fifth Officer Harold Lowe has commandeered a lifeboat to search for survivors. Jack soon dies of hypothermia and Rose draws the attention of Lowe's boat, and is ultimately saved. Rose and the other survivors are taken by the RMS Carpathia to New York, where Rose gives her name as Rose Dawson. She hides from Cal on Carpathia{{'s}} deck as he searches for her. She learns later that he committed suicide after losing his fortune in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Her story complete, Rose goes alone to the stern of Lovett's ship. There she takes out the Heart of the Ocean, which has been in her possession all along, and drops it into the ocean. While seemingly asleep in her bed, the photos on her dresser are a visual chronicle that she lived a free life inspired by Jack. The young Rose is then seen reuniting with Jack at the Grand Staircase of the RMS Titanic, applauded and congratulated by those who perished on the ship."
15090.0	1.0	In the early 1960s Major Hank Marshall and his wife Carly are having marital problems because of the pressures of his job and her mental illness. Hank is a nuclear engineer who favors underground nuclear testing and is at odds with his superiors over the wisdom of above-ground, open-air detonations. Carly is a free spirit who appears to be mentally unbalanced and who is slowly being suffocated by domestic torpor and encroaching age. Her behavior is, to say the least, embarrassing for her husband, especially in the confines of a military base. Her husband's reactions to this behavior are among the most interesting aspects of the movie. The family's move from Hawaii to an isolated base in Alabama alarms the couple's oldest daughter, Alex, and sends Carly into an affair with the base commander, Vince Johnson.
37716.0	0.0	"Tomás Tomás  is a young yuppie playboy and publicist. Silvia , the victim of one of his adventures, tries to get back at him by typing ""positive"" on his AIDS test. Tomás, trying to end his life, meets Clarissa , a flight attendant, who is also trying to kill herself after finding out her fiance is having an affair."
11832.0	1.0	This story follows the journey of naive Lino  as he searches for his missing wife Mary Grace in Italy. He comes across Jenny , an imposing figure in the Filipino community of migrant workers, whose dreams of grandeur have clouded her need for personal relationships. In a desperate quest for game and survival, the two find refuge and affirmation in each other. What started as a mentor – protégé relationship, Lino and Jenny’s partnership evolves beautifully into a self-consuming love affair. Until these are put to a test. Reality bites as the land changes everything. In the end, it matters not that Lino finds his wife for he has found himself. And alas, it matters not for Jenny that she sacrifices for love, for she has learned to give, in order to live again.
34709.0	0.0	Charley Pearl is the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune. He is a playboy who doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies like speedboats and fast cars. Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul. Horner is concerned that Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about it. The studio chief warns Charley that if he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to pay. His four best friends—a comedian, a songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager —accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for a final bachelor's fling. Charley is willing to foot the bill for Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his fiancee. They make a quick stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss. He tries to pick up Vicki after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to somebody else. Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however, and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home. Charley shows up and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster. Rather than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one another. Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him. In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page, as the enraged studio boss points out. Charley apologizes and still wants to marry a sobbing Adele. He agrees to get an annulment from Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare disappoint Horner's daughter again. Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't help himself. Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his fiancee in the lurch. Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley, instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a swimming pool. Charley accepts this as fair. Vicki is happy, too, momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is now expected to run the family's business. Vicki puts her career on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and boring tea parties. She can't wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce. It doesn't take long for Charley to return west. He and his friends track Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady figure. They become involved in a violent brawl. Charley then makes off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of his pals. As a gesture of gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife. But while the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to have children and raise a family. Nothing at the new studio gets under way and Charley goes broke. He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again. Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers. He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is performing her act. Charley shows his friends a diamond engagement ring that he has brought with him. Vicki slides it onto her finger.
291.0	1.0	"Max is a young lesbian student in Chicago who has gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate and college professor Kia are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely, a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely do end up going to a movie together. After the movie they return to Ely's place and, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. Suddenly a call comes in from Ely's  partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things. Ely decides to cut off all her hair, ending up with a very short butch style. She runs into Max in a bookstore and Max almost does not recognize her. Kia's girlfriend Evy returns home. Her ex-boyfriend Junior is there. Evy's mother confronts her, saying that Junior told her that he had spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy's mother kicks her out and Evy flees to Kia's place and Max invites her to live with them. Ely and her roommate Daria throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. They make plans to go out again and then begin kissing. They have several phone conversations, in the course of which Ely reveals that she's ""sort of broken up"" with Kate. They get together for a second date but they never make it out of the apartment. Max ends up trimming Ely's fingernails. This turns into foreplay and they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely's burgeoning relationship."
1176.0	0.0	A writer  is invited to the house of a noblewoman  who adores free-thinkers. He attempts to seduce her but she insists that he tell her of his past love exploits. While doing so, he takes her through his time in prison where he was unknowingly incarcerated in the cell beside hers.
22994.0	0.0	"Mr. Quincy Magoo  is an eccentric millionaire with very bad eyesight who refuses to use eyeglasses and therefore always gets into trouble. During a museum robbery he accidentally gets a priceless gem called the Star of Kuristan, and begins to trace the way for the arch-criminals whose idea was to steal the gem - Austin Cloquet  and Ortega ""The Piranha"" Peru , while two federal agents Stupak  and Anders  lead the manhunt for Mr. Magoo himself."
37041.0	0.0	The film starts in the small town of Endora, Iowa. Gilbert Grape  is busy caring for his mentally disabled brother, Arnie , as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during their early camp ritual at a nearby recreational area. His mother, Bonnie  is morbidly obese after years of depression following her husband's suicide by hanging himself. She hasn't left the house in years, and is always found sitting on the sofa watching television. With Bonnie unable to care for them by herself, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing their shanty of a farmhouse while looking after Arnie, who has a habit of climbing up the town water tower if left unsupervised for too long. All the while his older sister Amy  and younger sister Ellen  slave away in the kitchen. The relationship between the brothers is one of care and protection. In order to cope with his frenetic life, Gilbert has taken on a secret love affair with a housewife, Betty , whilst her insensitive, unsuspecting husband Ken , is fully intent on selling Gilbert insurance for his family. A new chain supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery store where Gilbert works, as well as threatening all the other small-time businesses in Endora. The chain supermarket stocks all kinds of goods, rendering many of the local shops redundant. While the family prepares for Arnie's upcoming 18th birthday party, a young woman named Becky  and her grandmother are stuck in town when their truck towing their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. In order to spend time with Becky watching the sun set, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bathtub by himself, believing he is now old enough to get out on his own. He returns home late and wakes up the following morning to find Arnie still in the bath, shivering in the now-cold water. He puts a towel around him but yet again Gilbert gets the blame for leaving him. Gilbert's guilt is compounded by his family's anger. As a result Arnie refuses to get near water, including the pond by Becky's trailer, and his fear causes him to become extremely dirty, adding to the many problems Gilbert faces. Betty's affair with Gilbert ends when she begins to make demands on him and tries to have sex with him while he's on the phone with her husband. Ken drowns after suffering a cardiac arrest and landing face down in his sons' wading pool. Many of the townspeople believe Betty killed her husband, despite the insistence of Gilbert's friend, Bobby McBurney , one of the town coroners, who believes he died of cardiac arrest. Besides Bobby, Gilbert is the only one who believed Betty didn't commit murder. She eventually leaves town in search of a new life. Becky bonds with Gilbert and Arnie and helps Gilbert reflect on his feelings. They become deeply involved in conversation until Gilbert realizes that Arnie is missing. He has returned to the water tower he is forever trying to climb and this time has succeeded at getting to the top. Arnie is arrested, compelling Bonnie, who has not left the house in seven years, to rush to the police station to demand his release, causing her appearance to be ridiculed by the townspeople. Later at home, Arnie wonders what is in a big box that Gilbert had left in the fridge. He finds a birthday cake and gets caught eating it, which Gilbert told him not to touch. Gilbert orders Arnie to take a bath as punishment, and Arnie resists when Gilbert tries to force him. Losing his temper, Gilbert strikes Arnie hard making him bleed. Appalled at himself and angry at his life in general, Gilbert drives away, leaving Endora. Arnie leaves the house to find Becky, who takes care of him. Gilbert returns to town and sees Arnie with Becky, who is able to get him to enter the lake. Arnie falls from a branch in a tree and goes in the lake, thus helping him overcome his fear of water. After Amy and Ellen come to Becky's and take Arnie home, Gilbert approaches Becky and the two talk about his own frustration and the reality of his father's death. The next day he returns home during Arnie's birthday party to apologize. Following Arnie's eighteenth birthday and meeting Becky for the first time, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time in years. That evening she passes away in her bed. Arnie tries to wake her, thinking that she is just playing. He soon realizes what has happened, runs out of the house and begins to hurt himself. As his sisters try to stop him, they realize that Bonnie has died. Jerry, the local sheriff, and his deputies tell the Grape family that they would need more men to get Bonnie's heavy corpse out of the house . After the police leave, Gilbert and his sisters soon cry over losing her. The siblings realize that her removal would draw a gawking crowd and want to protect their mother from being a spectacle. They empty the house except for their mother's body. Then Gilbert sets the house on fire, not willing to see a crane remove her and for the inevitable ridicule to ensue. One year later, Gilbert and Arnie are looking out again to watch the trailers pass. Through voice over, Gilbert tells of Amy getting a job offer to manage a bakery in Des Moines, and Ellen being thrilled to switch schools. Arnie chases the vehicles, arms flailing, excited to see Becky again. Along with Becky and her grandma, Gilbert and Arnie hit the road.
8174.0	0.0	"Young Lane Frost  learns the tricks of the bull riding trade at the hand of his father, Clyde , an accomplished rodeo bronco rider himself. As he enters his teenage and early adult years  he travels the western rodeo circuit with his best friends Tuff Hedeman  and Cody Lambert ([[Red Mitchell . He meets and falls in love with a young barrel racer, Kellie Kyle, and eventually they marry in 1984. As Lane's legend and fame increase, so does the amount of pressure he puts on himself, to be what everyone wants him to be, and he wants to show that he is a good as they say he is. His ascent to the world championship is marred by a cheating incident, questions about his wife's devotion and a near broken neck. The film also follows him through the true life series between himself and Red Rock, a bull that no cowboy had ever been able to stay on for 8 seconds. It cuts the series down to three rides, when in reality it was seven . It culminates at the 1989 Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo; Lane is the second-to-last rider that day, riding on the bull known as ""Takin' Care Of Business"". As he dismounts after his 8 second ride the bull turns back and hits him in the side with his horn, breaking some ribs and severing a main artery. As a result of excessive internal bleeding, he dies on the arena floor before he can be transported to the hospital. The final scene shows Hedeman later that same year at the National Finals Rodeo riding for the world championship. After the 8 second bell sounds, he continues to ride and stays on an additional 8 seconds as a tribute to his fallen best friend."
35820.0	0.0	Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town. In the summer heat, he develops an interest in two women, one who works at the car dealership and another who is married to its owner. Gloria Harper is a young, 19 year old girl with a secret. It somehow involves a sleazy local man named Frank Sutton who appears to have some hold on her. Dolly Harshaw is a seductive, anything-goes femme fatale married to George Harshaw, the car dealer. She keeps a gun handy and likes to have sex in unusual, dangerous ways. Harry carries on with both while looking for an opportunity to rob the local bank. It ultimately is revealed that Sutton has nude photographs of Gloria, taken from a distance at a remote lakeside setting. Harry lies in wait for Sutton one night and viciously beats him. Dolly begins to see Harry as her ticket to better things. When she coaxes her husband into bed, it is only to bring George's weak heart to a fatal end. A sheriff arrests Harry, suspecting him in the bank job, but cannot prove it. Harry decides to leave town with Gloria by his side, but Dolly puts an end to that by revealing to Gloria everything else Harry has been doing in town, including her.
11597.0	1.0	"“I feel I go through life like an American tourist, doing as many towns as possible”, explains Jean, a camera man and aspiring film director. Handsome, but self-centered, childish and hedonistic, he has a complicated sex life. He is bisexual and HIV positive. During a casting session he meets Laura, a lively eighteen-year-old. Captivated by her charm, Jean soon is pursuing her and she quickly falls in love with him. They start a passionate affair. At the same time, the restless Jean pursues a relationship with Samy, a young rugby player. Samy, who has emigrated with his mother and brother from Spain, is unemployed and equally troubled. He is straight and although living with his girlfriend, Marianne, he has no qualms about his homoerotic relationship with Jean, who has a big crush on him. Jean and Laura's relationship is complicated by him having HIV which initially he hides from her. Only after they have had sex does he tell her. At first, Laura is furious and her mother is equally livid. However, Laura is by then deeply in love with Jean. She not only continues the relationship but refuses to use condoms as Jean wanted. Jean is also deeply troubled in accepting his disease. “Drop your illusions. Learn from your disease” suggests his friend Noria. Peaceful acceptance does not come easy for him, his life ricochets from one coupling to the next, trying to make sense of his situation. He is a damned rebel, which he defines as, "" Someone marked by fate and with real dignity inside"". Laura has emotional problems too, at one point she erupts at the owner of the dress shop, where she works and loses her job. Her feelings reach a boiling point in dealing with Jean’s bisexuality that includes not only Jean’s relationship with Samy but anonymous sex with multiple partners in dark cruising spots. In these sex encounters, Jean releases his self-destructive drive and finds refuge from the frustrations brought by his illness and his affairs with Laura and Samy. As Samy acquires a taste for sadomasochism and violence, he turns to Jean. He moves in with him, leaving Marianne, who angrily berates Jean. After a fight with racist skinheads, Samy finally consummates his relationship with Jean and tells him that he loves him. Laura turns increasingly angry and desperate, disappointed in her relationship with Jean. ""Help me to leave you!"" is her pathetic cry. Jean is emotionally closed. After a night out of drinking and partying Jean yells ""I want to live"" to his friends but mostly he seems in denial that he is dying. The next morning Laura finds him in bed not only with Samy but with his ex-girlfriend. Laura throws a big tantrum, from then she leaves endless, long messages on Jean’s answering machine. In some she begs for love, in others she threatens to ruin his life. Reaching breaking point, Laura threats Jean with committing suicide and tells him that he has infected her with HIV. Only then, Jean intervenes and with Laura’s mother they find psychological help for her. Jean repeatedly fails to find meaning in his life. A conversation with his mother is only painful. Returning home, he is involved in car accident. He is as reckless in his sex life as with HIV medication, which he avoids when it interferes with his drinking and partying. After sometime, Jean looks again for Laura. He finally wants to tell her that he loves her but she has overcome her turbulent relationship with him. Making peace with herself, Laura has a new boyfriend. Jean and Laura have a short conversation, they kiss tenderly and part ways. Jean finally finds peace with his HIV status and with his life."
18110.0	1.0	The Bellas are a proud family of Italian Americans living in Boston, Massachusetts. Joe is a soon-to-be retired construction worker and his wife Marilyn a home-maker. Their oldest son Tony is married, while their youngest daughter Jan is about to tie the knot herself. This leaves Renata, the eldest daughter, feeling upset and confused as to what the future may bring. After learning that her boyfriend Rob is not planning on marrying her, Renata leaves him for good. She winds up meeting a charming, albeit abrasive salesman named Sam Sharpe. The two begin a courtship but Renata's family is skeptical of Sam from the get-go, especially Jan. Their parents, Joe and Marilyn, are more easily manipulated by the fun-loving Sam, who has given their daughter a happy, up-scale life. But even they come to resent his uncouth behavior, chain-smoking and constant meddling. Sam and Renata are married and have a child, but Sam has a heart attack at the baptism and is confined to a wheelchair as a result. While watching Renata skate one day, Sam dies while still holding their baby. Renata mourns her husband, but at the same time is grateful for the time they spent together and for Sam changing her life for the better.
29468.0	0.0	"Seth is one of many angels who watch over humans and protect them in unseen ways. Seth's main responsibility is to appear to those who are close to death and guide them to the next life. As part of this task, Seth and one of his fellow angels, Cassiel , like to ask people what their favorite thing in life was. But despite their daily encounters, they appear to have trouble understanding human beings and their ways. While waiting to escort to the other world a man who will not survive heart surgery, Seth is impressed by the vigorous efforts of the surgeon, Maggie Rice , to save the ill-fated man's life and her sincere anguish at her failure to do so. Seth soon becomes preoccupied with Maggie and decides to become visible to her despite his obvious inability to give her many convincing details about himself, such as what he does for a living or even his last name. Despite this, they develop a friendship which soon turns to mutual attraction, although Maggie is already involved with one of her colleagues, Jordan Ferris , at the hospital. Seth then meets Nathaniel Messinger , one of Maggie's patients, who can sense Seth's presence and that of other angels. Nathaniel soon relates to Seth that he, too, had once been an angel but, by way of the free will granted to angels, decided to become human through the process he refers to as ""falling"". Seth begins to consider exercising this option so that he can be with Maggie in a fully physical and emotional relationship. When Maggie receives a marriage proposal from Jordan, she finds herself having to choose between him and Seth. Having realized that Seth is impervious to injury, Maggie finally confronts him and demands to know who or what he really is, but she is unable to accept the revelation and sends him away. Maggie later talks about Seth with Nathaniel who gradually reveals his own angelic origin. He explains to her why he himself chose to become human and points out that Seth is thinking of doing the same. Seth decides to become human through the symbolic gesture of jumping from the top of a skyscraper. Immediately upon awakening from the jump, he starts to experience all of the human feelings and sensations that he had never been able to understand, beginning with physical injury and pain. Up until this point, Seth's personality and emotions, like those of all the other angels, have been very subdued, but that starts to change. Now human, Seth has to find his way to the hospital to see Maggie, but he is told that she has gone to her uncle's mountain cabin for a break. Penniless and naive, he cannot pay for the journey and ends up getting mugged and having his boots taken from his feet by a gang of roving predators. He eventually hitches a ride to Lake Tahoe and appears, soaked and cold, at Maggie's doorstep. Seeing the split lip and condensed breath coming from his mouth in the cold air, Maggie realizes that he has given up his exalted status for her love. She sees to his wounds and then they enjoy warm, passionate lovemaking at last. The next morning, as Seth is in the shower, enjoying his first sensation of running hot water on his body, Maggie rides her bike to a local store to buy some pears for him. On her way back, happy and fulfilled, she rides her bike with her eyes closed and her arms wide open to the Autumn sunlight and her bright future with Seth. Her happiness is cut short by a truck that catches her by surprise when it pulls out in front of her. Seth senses that Maggie is in trouble and runs to her aid. He arrives in time for Maggie to tell him that she sees the angel who has come to escort her away. Although Seth is no longer able to see the angels, he knows they are there and begs Maggie not to look at them. Maggie tells him that she is not afraid anymore and that when they will ask her what her favorite thing in life used to be, she will say it was Seth. Seth now is experiencing the human side of loss and death. He questions if he is being punished for leaving heaven to be a human, when he was meant to stay where he was. Now grieving and alone, Seth is visited by Cassiel. Cassiel offers comfort and asks Seth if he knew this would happen, would he still decide to become human. Seth answers: {{cquote}} Seth mourns for Maggie and begins a difficult adjustment to his new life. The final scene recalls an earlier one with Nathaniel. It shows Seth at the beach where the angels meet every day at dawn to listen to the celestial music. With Cassiel and the rest of the angels watching, Seth expresses his joy in being human and the fact that he has come to terms with his new life by running into the water and playing in the waves. In a rare moment of emotion, Cassiel is seen laughing joyfully for his old friend."
24139.0	1.0	Three actresses decide to use their talents to seduce rich men. However, their 'perfect plan' succumbs to the hazards of life.
29997.0	1.0	Seo-hyun is an ordinary housewife in her late thirties with a ten year-old son and a successful architect husband. For Seo-hyun, life is a series of banal routines, but she is well provided with upper class comforts. Her sheltered life is suddenly threatened with the appearance of U-in, her much younger sister's attractive new fiance. U-in approaches Seo-hyun and attraction evolves into a passionate affair. Seo-hyun is aware that falling for the younger man will destroy her and her family, but she cannot help herself and the new feelings that are stirring within...
21199.0	0.0	Rajini is working as a coolie in a factory. He is asked by three brothers  to act as a foreign returned rich man the heir of a property.Rajini acts but always escapes as he doesn't want to face consequences.But then he comes to know that he is the heir to the property, his father was killed by three brothers to takeaway the property and mother  became a mental patient.He avenges the death of his father by killing the villains.Atlast, he says he doesn't want to be an heir to money and always remains as a coolie.
29399.0	0.0	"After meeting on a flight to Sydney, ex-football star Mike Gambril and singer Terry McKay, each of whom is engaged to be married to someone else. During the trip the plane has to make an emergency landing and all the passengers have to wait until a piece of equipment is delivered so the plane can be fixed. Mike and Terry visit his elderly aunt Ginny  and during that time they both see each other with new eyes and fall in love. When they reach New York City they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in three months' time, although it is ""not the tallest building"" in the world anymore, they cannot miss it. On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile Mike, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not arrive, believing that she has rejected him. After the accident Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Mike, wanting to conceal her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Six months after the accident, she sees Mike with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend. Mike does not notice her condition because she is seated and only says hello as he passes her. Mike finally learns Terry's address and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her. Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits. As he is leaving Mike mentions a painting that he had done of her which had that afternoon been given away to a woman who liked it. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses suddenly, realizing the position Terry is in. He walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall. His expression changes. He now knows why she did not keep their appointment. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace, realizing the truth."
16875.0	1.0	The plot follows a portrait photographer, Jung-won  and his developing romance with a parking agent, Da-rim . However, the romance never gets a chance to develop into intimacy. Jung-won soon finds out he is suffering from an unnamed illness and has to come to terms with his impending death. He sets out to continue living as usual, going out with his friends and spending time with his family in the small town he has lived for decades. In the Japanese remake directed by Shunichi Nagasaki the female character is a teacher.
3991.0	1.0	Dr. Sushma Malhotra  treats her patient Krishna , who has lost his memory in some accident. For the care she takes, Krishna falls in love with her and then they get married. In another accident while taking photographs, Krishna falls down and hurts his head. This injury brings back his old memories. To Sushma's surprise, the old memories bring in something unexpected which results in Krishna trying to kill his wife Sushma.
27846.0	1.0	Alice Tate is an upper-class New York housewife, who spends her days shopping, getting beauty treatments, and gossiping with her friends. She has been married to wealthy Doug for fifteen years, and they have two children, who are being raised by a nanny. One day, she has a brief encounter with Joe Ruffalo, a handsome jazz musician. She finds herself mysteriously attracted to him and experiences Catholic guilt for these feelings. This inner turmoil manifests itself in a backache. She is referred to Dr. Yang, an Asian herbalist who puts her under hypnosis. She reveals that what initially attracted her to her husband were in fact his superficial qualities: looks and money. She also reveals her feelings about Joe. Dr. Yang gives Alice ancient herbs that make her act on her feelings toward Joe Ruffalo. They agree to meet. When the herbs wear off, Alice is appalled at her behavior. She does not go to meet him as planned. The next herbs she receives turn her invisible. She spies on Joe going to visit his ex-wife Vicky. Much to prudish Alice's horror, they make love in Vicky's office. Alice is now glad she did not go to meet Joe. However, the next herbal remedy allows Alice to communicate with the ghost of her first lover, Ed. He encourages her to find out more about Joe. Alice and Joe finally meet, under the pretense of their children having a 'play-date'. Alice and Joe's meetings become increasingly frequent. When her guilt over her relationship with Joe becomes too much, Alice returns to Dr. Yang. Inhaling the soothing contents of a pipe, Alice falls asleep in Dr. Yang's rooms. She has vivid dreams about her Catholic upbringing. She remembers her mother. She remembers that she was at her happiest when she was helping people. She realises that she has lost sight many of her goals in her materialistic luxurious lifestyle. She also realises this at a fundraising evening in honour of Mother Theresa, one of Alice's idols. After the fundraiser, Joe and Alice sleep together. Alice realises she is falling in love with him. Alice shares the remaining invisibility herbs with Joe. She hears two of her friends gossiping about her and Joe. The gossip then moves onto Doug, where it is revealed that he has been having affairs, too. Invisible, Alice goes to his office party, where she sees Doug kissing a colleague. Alice decides to leave Doug once and for all. She tells this to Joe. However, Joe has decided to reunite with his ex-wife after he  spied on her therapy sessions and realised she still has feelings for him. Stunned, Alice goes to Dr. Yang, who is leaving town. He gives her one final packet of herbs, telling her that these will create a potent love potion. Alice must choose between Joe and Doug. She goes to her sister Dorothy for advice. However, Dorothy is having a Christmas party, and the herbs get mixed in with the eggnog. All the men in the party become enamoured with Alice. She flees in panic. At home, Alice tells Doug that their marriage is over. She reveals her plans to go to Calcutta and work with Mother Teresa. Doug scoffs at this, doubting that Alice could survive without the luxuries she has grown accustomed to. However, Doug is proved wrong. Alice goes to Calcutta, where she meets Mother Teresa. On returning to New York, she moves into a modest apartment, raises the children on her own, and does volunteer work in her spare time.
9499.0	1.0	Marius and Jeannette live in the same working-class apartment complex in Marseille, in close proximity with their neighbors. The lame Marius is a security guard at an abandoned cement works, and since the company has gone out of business and the plant will soon be demolished, he is squatting in order to save money. Jeannette is a single mother raising her two children on her own on a meagre supermarket checkout operator salary. They meet when Jeannette tries to steal two cans of paint from the cement lot, and Marius catches her and tries to chase her. The following day Marius comes to her door to apologize, bring her the two cans of paint. A relationship soon develops between them, but as both have been wounded by marital difficulties, and life in general, they are hesitant to become committed. It does not help that Jeannette's romantic fantasy notions are different from Marius' practical ideas. The two must learn how to love again in order for their relationship to blossom.
37335.0	0.0	"In 1838, Swiss governess Elisabeth Laurier  agrees to bear a child for an anonymous English landowner in return for money needed to pay her father's debts. They meet over three nights at a lonely island hotel. Despite their wish for detachment, they develop a deeply passionate connection during their lovemaking by firelight. Their feelings grow after they converse on the beach and at the hotel. Nine months later, Elisabeth gives birth to a girl, and as agreed, she gives up the child to the care of the English landowner. Over the coming years, Elisabeth never forgets her child. She begins to keep a journal of watercoloured flowers and plants, adding a page for each holiday and birthday they are apart. The anonymous Englishman is Charles Godwin , a landowner and struggling sheep farmer, who can barely keep the debtors of his philandering father, Lord Clare, at bay. Charles's wife, Amy Godwin, is paralyzed and catatonic due to a horseriding accident. Amy's sister, Constance , runs the Godwin household. Seven years after giving up her daughter, Elisabeth manages to locate her, and she gets herself hired as the new governess for the child, who is named Louisa. Initially, Charles rejects Elisabeth, and demands that she leave immediately. However, Constance insists that he should give the new governess a month in order to find a new situation. Showing Elisabeth the catatonic form of his wife, Charles forces Elisabeth to swear never to reveal to Louisa or anyone the nature of their previous relationship. Louisa  is a spoiled, ignorant, willful, and foulmouthed child—unloved by anyone except her father. Though she acknowledges the father's loving relationship with his daughter, Elisabeth is appalled by the lack of control Charles exercises over the girl. He refuses to use any forms of discipline in her upbringing. Unable to keep Louisa at her lessons, Elisabeth locks the child in the classroom. When he discovers this, Charles is furious and roughly manhandles Elisabeth in an effort to extract the key to the schoolroom. While Charles wants his daughter to enjoy life as much as she can, Elisabeth is determined to teach her daughter how to behave in order to be loved by others, and to be educated so she can determine her own path in the world. To convince Charles to support her approach, Elisabeth promises she will never harm the girl, and whatever she does to Louisa she will also do to herself. Outside of class, Louisa spends all of her spare time in her lakehouse, a small belvedere on the estate in the middle of a pond, which can only be reached by boat. Here, Louisa pretends she has a mother. At first, Elisabeth watches clandestinely from the boat docks while Louisa is in the lakehouse. However, when she finds out that Charles swims naked there in the morning, she begins to go to watch Charles too, leaving before he can see her. In the classroom, Elisabeth paints picture cards to teach the seven-year-old how to read. She also tells Louisa a tale about the firelight: {{quote}} Elisabeth finds that this helps Louisa concentrate on her lessons, knowing there is a time at the end of the day when there are no rules. Increasingly attracted to Elisabeth, Charles asks her to promise him that they can never be close like they once were. But Elisabeth doesn't answer. Charles even talks about the three of them leaving together, but Elisabeth says she knows it is impossible, as he has obligations to his estate, family, and wife. Charles suddenly announces that the entire estate is being appraised for sale, purportedly to cover his overwhelming debts. On a bitterly cold night, Charles consults his conscience as to whether his wife, Amy, would want him to release her from her catatonic prison of ten years. He opens the windows of her bedchamber, removes her covers, and allows the fire in her room to go out, leaving her to die of exposure. With Amy's death, her sister Constance expects to be Charles's choice as a new wife. However, she concedes a dignified defeat when she realizes Charles's depth of feeling toward Elisabeth. Elisabeth confronts Charles and asks him if he killed Amy, which he admits. They both feel strong guilt, but no regret. Soonafter, Louisa looks through Elisabeth's room and discovers the illustrated journal dedicated to ""My English Daughter"". Louisa confirms that her governess is in fact her mother. After the sale of the Godwin's estate, Charles, Elisabeth, and Louisa leave on a snowy day to begin their new lives together as a family."
28968.0	0.0	In Madrid, during the bombing of November 1936, in the Spanish Civil War, the Republican Government decided on the evacuation of paintings from the Prado Museum. Manuel , a 28 year old security guard, finds a self-portrait of Goya abandoned in one corner. He hides the painting and flees the bombing of his house.
4532.0	0.0	"Cunda  lives deep in the Brazilian rainforest and is intent on making enough money so he can marry a widow in his village. However, his trade - capturing snakes for scientists - pays very little money, and he's in direct competition with other suitors. One day, Cunda is bitten by a snake, and he crawls to the river to recover. While going through the agonizing recovery, he has an hallucination of four chimpanzees sitting in the river. Recovered, he returns home and finds the four chimpanzees waiting for him, and his efforts to shoo them away fail. Knowing that chimpanzees are not native to Brazil, he decides that they are a kind of supernatural gift for him. Believing this, he decides to take them to ""the city"" to sell them. The journey isn't easy from the start; he discovers that he can't tie them on a rope and drag them, and the only way is to coax them. They stumble into a gold-panning camp, where Cunda is forced to work in order to pay off an old debt. When one of the monkeys is taken as payment, Cunda must figure how to retrieve the monkey and escape. Later, he, the monkeys and the adults of a village are kidnapped by mercenaries. Cunda and the monkeys escape, along with a village woman who refuses to leave his side. Arriving at a small town, a confusing sequence results in one of the monkeys disappearing, and Cunda becoming the servant of the local rich woman who has taken it upon herself to take care of the monkeys. Cunda now has to solve these two problems, and deal with the fact of the village woman's attraction to him plus his growing fondness of the monkeys."
6213.0	0.0	"In the late eighteenth century, the Grande Dame of France, an elderly aristocrat, summons The Brothers Grimm to tell them the real story of the little cinder girl. She shows them a portrait of a young woman, named Danielle de Barbarac, and a glass slipper, and begins her tale. Danielle, a little girl at age eight, lives with her widowed father, Auguste, who shares with her a love of books and progressive ideas. He brings home a new wife, the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent, who has two daughters about Danielle's age, Marguérite and Jacqueline. He has a heart attack soon after, and with his dying breath professes his love for Danielle rather than Rodmilla, who envies Danielle and treats her like a servant thereafter. Marguérite is as cruel as Rodmilla, but Jacqueline is kind and gentle. Ten years later, in the manor's orchard, Danielle catches a man stealing her father's horse. She unseats him with a well-aimed apple, but is horrified to learn that he is Henry, the Crown Prince of France, trying to escape the responsibilities of court. He buys her silence with a purse of gold, which she decides she will use to rescue an elderly servant sold to the Crown to pay the household's debts. She dresses as a noblewoman and goes to court to ransom the servant, where she encounters the Prince again. After the jailor refuses to release the servant, she argues against the injustice and quotes Thomas More's Utopia. Henry is so captivated that he orders the man released and begs for her name, but she evades his pleas and leaves him instead with her mother's name, the Comtesse Nicole de Lancret. When Henry returns the horse to the manor, it's plain that Rodmilla intends to match her daughter Marguérite with the Prince, despite the marriage his parents have arranged with the Spanish royals. The King strikes a bargain with the recalcitrant Prince, telling Henry to choose his own bride before they give a ball in honour of Leonardo da Vinci, who has come to court, or he will choose for him. Henry meets Danielle again by the river, where he is arguing with Da Vinci about love and fate, but again she runs away. While looking for Da Vinci soon after Henry finds Danielle's childhood friend, Gustave, who knows the whole story, and tells him Nicole de Lancret is staying with Rodmilla. When he arrives at the manor, Danielle agrees to accompany him to the library of a nearby monastery. They are accosted by gypsies en route, and in an uproarious turn of events, Danielle rescues Henry and at the end of the night, they kiss. They agree to meet the next day, but she returns home so late she loses her temper in the morning, then punches Marguérite in the eye when she discovers Marguérite intends to take her mother's wedding dress and wear it to the masque. She is beaten by Rodmilla and when she meets Henry later, Danielle is so disheartened that she is unable to tell him the truth and runs away once more. That same day, the Queen asks Marguérite and Rodmilla if they know the mysterious Comtesse de Lancret, and they realize it must be Danielle. Rodmilla tells the Queen that the Comtesse has gone to marry someone else. When they return to the manor, the Comtesse's wedding dress has disappeared and Rodmilla thinks Danielle plans on going to the masque, so she locks her in the larder. The servants get word to Da Vinci through Gustave, and he frees her and makes her a pair of wings to match her mother's wedding dress and her glass slippers, so she can go to the masque. Danielle arrives just before the King announces Henry's engagement, but before she can tell him the truth, Rodmilla accuses her of plotting to entrap the Prince by masquerading as a courtier. Henry is so shocked he spurns Danielle, saying that she's ""like the rest of them."" Tearfully, Danielle flees, losing a slipper along the way. Henry decides to marry the Spanish Princess, but calls it off when he sees how distraught she is at the ceremony. He goes to the manor, but learns from Jacqueline that Danielle has been sold to Pierre le Pieu, a man who seems to have sexual advances on Danielle, just after the masque, so he sets out with Laurent to rescue her, but finds she has freed herself. Realizing that he loved her, he asks her to forgive him and to marry him, and she agrees happily and they kiss. The next day, Rodmilla and Marguérite are summoned to court and charged with lying to the Queen. Without a defence, the Queen strips Rodmilla of her title and sentences her and Marguérite to be banished to the Americas unless someone will speak for them. When Danielle steps forward, Henry introduces her as his wife. She asks that they receive the same courtesy they showed her, so Marguérite and Rodmilla are sent to the laundry to serve out their lives. Jacqueline is matched with Henry's acerbic squire, while Danielle and Henry live happily ever after; and the Grande Dame tells The Brothers Grimm that, ""the point, gentlemen, is that they lived."""
37093.0	0.0	"Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Her Junior League chapter's annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse. That night at the town's annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story. A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply. Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he's limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage. The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House. Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter. Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room. The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. Alex, who's resigned from the League, goes to work full time at the hospice over her husband Robert's objections. Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather, Part III. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town. After Tomas paints Mark's dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After dinner they go to Tomas's studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. They make love. Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop. Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he's been dating as a ""beard"" and to come out to his father. He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply  and stop the negative coverage of Hope House. Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex's family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear . Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time. Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer's lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. At his funeral, Alex's father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex's lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter ."
9460.0	0.0	Raja Babu ([[Govinda  is a poor orphan adopted by a wealthy village couple . He is a typical country bumpkin, good-hearted but lacking in urban manners. He falls for Madhu  when he sees her photograph in a studio and chases her on his bike decorated with plastic flowers with his sidekick, played by Shakti Kapoor. Taken in by his smart appearance and impressive talks, she reciprocates his love but walks out on him with all villagers watching when she learns that he is no match to her urbane, well-educated self. It was particularly humilitating for his father as it happened in front of villagers who respected him highly. The movies takes several twists with a typical Bollywoodesque happy ending. Villains are nabbed by police but not before being beaten black and blue by the hero, boy gets his girl and parents are reunited with their son.
29687.0	0.0	This film depicts the disputes between two forms of the dance styles. One being purely Classical  and the other being rural folk . The film clearly shows the egos, hatred and ignorance faced by both the forms of music towards each other. The climax ends with a beautiful note which joins both the music genres. Hence the name Sangamam.
37905.0	0.0	Nick Parker  and Elizabeth James  met and married each other during an ocean cruise on the QE2 . Elizabeth gave birth to twin daughters Hallie and Annie , but the couple divorced and lost contact with each other, each parent raising one of the twins without telling her about her sister. Nick raised Hallie in the Napa Valley and became a wealthy wine grower, while Elizabeth raised Annie in London and became a famous wedding gown designer. After the ocean cruise and onboard wedding ceremony, the story jumps ahead to a summer in which Nick and Elizabeth coincidentally enroll their daughters in the same summer camp in Maine. Annie and Hallie, who are now eleven years old, first meet at the end of a fencing match, when they remove their masks and see that they look alike. A comical hostility between the two girls leads to a prank war that ends when the camp counselors fall into one of Hallie's traps and isolate the twins from the other girls. Living together, Hallie and Annie discover that they were born on the same day and they each have half of a torn wedding photograph of their parents. Realizing with delight that they are twins, the girls hatch a plan to meet their previously unknown parents: Each girl will train her twin to impersonate her, and they will switch places at the end of the summer. When camp is over, the plan succeeds: Hallie goes to London, where she meets her mother, her grandfather, and the James family's butler Martin . Annie goes to California, where she meets her father, the Parker family's housekeeper Chessy , their dog Sammy, and Nick's young, opportunistic fiancée Meredith , who is only interested in Nick's money. Distressed by Meredith's deviousness, Annie telephones Hallie and persuades her to bring Elizabeth to California to break up the engagement. Soon the girls' identities are discovered, and, except for Nick and Meredith, who remain unaware of the switch, their newfound family members tearfully welcome them. In order to bring Nick and Elizabeth together, Annie, Hallie, Grandpa, Chessy, and Martin conspire to have them meet at a hotel in San Francisco by arranging for Nick to meet Meredith's parents and by not telling Elizabeth about Meredith. Nervous about meeting Nick, Elizabeth asks Martin to accompany her and Hallie. After a few comical mixups in the hotel, Nick and Elizabeth see each other, Nick finally learns about the switch, and the twins host a candlelit dinner for Nick and Elizabeth, served by Martin and Chessy, on a yacht decorated to recreate their first meeting. At dinner, Elizabeth mentions that Nick did not follow her after she left him, and Nick responds that he was not sure if Elizabeth would want him to. They make plans for the twins to spend holidays together, but decide against resuming their relationship. Hallie and Annie dislike this idea, so they force their parents to take them camping by refusing to reveal which twin is which. After Elizabeth persuades Nick and the girls to take Meredith instead of herself, the twins play tricks on Meredith, who becomes enraged and insists that Nick choose between her and his daughters. Nick chooses the twins, and Meredith breaks off the engagement. After Meredith leaves, Nick shows Elizabeth his wine collection, which includes the wine they drank at their wedding. Elizabeth is touched by this gesture at first, but has a change of heart and returns to London with Annie. However, when Elizabeth and Annie get home, they find Hallie and Nick waiting for them, having flown there on the Concorde. Elizabeth is fearful of remarrying, but she yields to Nick's confidence, and Annie and Hallie look on happily as Nick and Elizabeth embrace. The final credits feature photographs of Nick and Elizabeth's second wedding, also aboard the QE2, with the twins as bridesmaids, and Martin presenting Chessy with an engagement ring.
23625.0	0.0	Set on the north eastern coast of India this unusual Indian film mixes the genres of Bollywood  with a tough hard hitting look at Indian society looking at areas of women's place in Indian village society, cross dressing, rape and the history of Indian folk song. These provocitive issues are woven into a story using folk songs to tell the story and in one memorable scene poking fun at the Bollywood style musical number.
31782.0	0.0	With flashbacks, Connie Doyle's  early life is given to give us an idea of her mindset. At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo , moves in with him and winds up pregnant. When she informs him of the fact, he kicks her out, denying responsibility. Destitute, Connie has nowhere to go, and, trying to find a shelter, gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket, and no money with which to buy one, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne and taken to his private compartment. There, she meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. When the train crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing Patricia's wedding band, which has Patricia and Hugh's names engraved on the inside. She wakes up in the hospital, no longer pregnant, and learns that Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash. Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on her child, Connie thinks the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still on her finger. Once she realizes what has happened she tries to explain the situation, but is prevented from doing so by the nurses who believe she is just hysterical. Eventually, she meets Hugh's mother, Grace , who has a bad heart. Afraid of making her ill, and with nowhere else to go, Connie believes it is the best thing for her and her baby to accept the woman's offer and go to Grace's home. At the Winterbourne house, Connie meets Bill , Hugh's identical twin brother. When the initial shock wears off, she nervously begins her new life. This life is one she never expected to be a part of. The world is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust to the high society position she is now required to shoulder. Bill is a bit wary of Connie, and questions her identity, believing she is after the family's money. He investigates things on his own, learning her real identity. They spend the day walking around Boston, and begin to bond. Later that night, perhaps because of his growing feelings for her, Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie, but changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more. Afterward, a drunk Paco demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango. They do so and end up sharing several kisses. Connie bonds with Grace, and feeling guilty for taking advantage of her kindness, decides to leave with Hughie. Bill discovers her packing and attempts to convince her to stay, including proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight and give him her answer the next day. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco, the family's chauffeur, follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. She returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her absence, and decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne. Steve discovers Connie's good fortune, and tries to blackmail her. In the confusion that ensues, Steve is shot. Bill and Connie flee the scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve. It is then that Bill reveals that he knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. Both believe they are home free, until their wedding day. When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the murder themselves. Shocked, the police tell them they already have the murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and abandoned her. The police only came to question about the check Connie had written out to Steve. Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren. The wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like the real Patricia's ring.
